Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
20,22,25 May 1964/Night

2. LOCATION
Lansing, Michigan Area

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
14 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Varies

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft (TENTATIVE DISCO)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
See case file.
COMMENTS: Investigation of various sightings in area indicated
that light was a manifestation of known aircraft flying, navigational landing lights for illumination and/or identification. An
employing a generator for AC and DC current to run equipment was
probably responsible in the area. Case available as an appendix.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

CONCLUSION, LANSING, MICHIGAN

Results of the field investigation in the Lansing, Michigan and surrounding area leads to the conclusion that an aircraft or aircraft under control of the FAA at Detroit was the most likely cause of the lighted craft, with an accompanying shrill noise, such as an a/c with a turbine used in infra-red photography.

The sightings and associated noise on the night of 21 May, by multiple observers, were attributed to the siren and flasher reflecting from ground fog/haze from a police vehicle known to be in the area.

The sightings of 22 May by [redacted] and [redacted] and on the night of 23 May by [redacted] are believed to be meteor observations.

The object observed on 25 May by [redacted] is believed to have been the satellite ECHO I.

The sighting of 25 May by [redacted] is regarded as an unreliable report as indicated in the police logs.

The sighting of [redacted] on 27 May resembles a reported observation of the planet Venus.

The sighting on 1 Jun at Crystal Lake, Michigan by [redacted] is believed to have been caused by an a/c on a night infra-red photo mission.

The observation of [redacted] on 5 Jun near Lansing, Michigan is believed to have been caused by an a/c.

The sighting on 13 Jun at Grand Ledge, Michigan by [redacted] and [redacted] is regarded as the reflection of car headlights on fog.

The report from Mrs [redacted] included leaves as a physical specimen. No object was observed by Mrs [redacted]. It is believed that Mrs [redacted] heard the sound of the a/c observed by others in this report but that the leaves are not associated with this event. Subsequent analysis revealed that the leaves were not radioactive.


- page 2 -

The sound occurred after she had heard a siren going down the street.
The sound lasted less than 5 minutes. She had the impression that it
disappeared by going up rather than away. The sound gradually faded
out.
at 8:30 p.m. she informed him of the event. She seemed certain that
the sound came from up in the air and described it as like a top round
up. She also "felt" like someone was watching her. She could feel the
sound more than hear it. Information regarding the sample of leaves
revealed that at 1715 on the following day as she took out publish to
the incinerator she noticed charred leaves in the garage doorway. A
root analysis above this location. An alley permit the only car
passes this door. No foliage surrounding the area was charred. No
ashes or any indications of a fire or burned area were near the charred
leaves. Trees and foliage completely cover the area. It is therefore
assumed that the charred leaves were dropped or carried to this spot by
wind. From a source not near the garage. It is possible that the noise
heard by Mrs. is the noise heard by and other witnesses
in the area during this period. The leaf sample contains no radioactive
or unusual substance.

SIGHTING OF STANLEY BRAUER AND DON WEIGANDT

From the residence Sgt Moody proceeded to contact Mr.
at his restaurant, the and rejoined Mr. William Powers.
It was determined that Mr. and his wife had observed a meteor.
The duration of two seconds and a description that the object looked like
an aircraft in flames crossing are in accord with the analysis. Mr.
had also observed the object at the same time. A check of a
local map and the direction that both reported the object indicates that
their line of sight was parallel to the NE, indicating that the meteor
was a considerable distance away.


- page 3 -

EXTRACT FROM BILL ROGERS PRELIMINARY REPORT

"Hughes", a street which appears on the list of complainants (not in chronological order) from Wednesday night, and which should be checked as possibly having/different report from the "noise" reports.

Saturday afternoon the final call before making this report was received from Sgt. Case, of the Michigan State Police, in response to my request for any additional information that night arose. He reported that a Mrs. [redacted] just reported, she said, from Lansing, heard on the night of the 20th a very strange "whirring" sound from her back yard, at 9:00 or 9:15 PM. She saw nothing, but found a burned area in her back yard, about 10 feet by 4 or 5 feet in dimensions. Leaves lying on the ground were charred, but the grass underneath was not. She has saved samples of the leaves, and is willing to be interviewed. She, too, delayed her report for fear of ridicule, until other reports were publicized. Her husband saw what she saw, heard the noise.

This brief report actually represents only a small portion of the reports that were received and logged at the police departments in the area. All police agencies appear quite willing to cooperate, and individuals seem to show a healthy mixture of interest and skepticism. My impression is that a more detailed reading of the logs together with examination of records of emergency-car movements will eliminate the bulk of reports concerned with noises only, but that other events appear to have occurred which require more detailed investigation and probably will call for several different explanations.

There follows a list of numerous some of the/persons who made reports; this is a very abbreviated list, and is given only for the purpose of aiding identification of the proper log pages or proper individuals with whom to communicate.

MARION, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT: 317 - NO 8-6181
Tom Dennis, Chief
Richard Harrington, Asst. Chief, (ref: note with north city lights)

KOKOMO, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT (SHERIFF'S POLICE): 317-6, 2-6144
MUNCIE CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT: 317 - 8 6-5780
[Additional text at bottom appears partially illegible]


- page 4 -

This case includes
Leaf samples


- page 5 -

The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page. There is no legible text visible on this page. The image is a white or light gray document with some very faint specks or dots, and a horizontal line at the bottom of the page. In the bottom right corner, there appears to be a small, partially legible marking or stamp, but the text is too blurry to read with certainty.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the newspaper article:

A-2 THE STATE JOURNAL Friday, May 22, 1964

Flying Saucer Puzzle Grows
It May Be Helicopter—or It May Not;
Four in City Report 'Strange Objects'

Lansing's night-prowling Lodge UFO (unidentified flying) objects) really a hoax? Only this morning, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Nourse, who live on Culler Road, north of the Grand Ledge area, were awakened by what this might explain the strange sights being reported by area residents—"LIKE A RED DOME!"

There was some indication that the object underneath looked like a "saucer" but the pieces of the red dome "don't fit." Twenty minutes later the object was back of the Grand Ledge area back again.

Nourse, who was voted Outlander of the Year by the Grand Ledge Jaycees a couple of years ago, said he knew he wasn't having hallucinations. In fact, he was sure he wasn't that he called State Police to report the UFO.

The report came from the Michigan Air National Guard at Adrians Airport, Grand Ledge, had a helicopter aloft Thursday night. The piece of the jigsaw that doesn't fit is the report in the Guard's log book.

It shows that the "copter came and it didn't fly over Lansing."

Lansing, there, were at least four reports of flying objects. One was at 9:58 p.m. Jo Ann Bush, 16, at 904 S. Fairview, phoned city police that she had seen an object hovering at Prospect and Clifford Streets.

She said it was very bright and about 15 feet in diameter. SAW "SOMETHING"

Three other residents, who held, saw "something." One woman living on W. Willow Street, saw an "oblong object" with the corners squared off. She said the object was "covered" with a cellophane-like "material" and emitted a bright, bluish-white light. She said it flew fast. She added there were four turns out at the time.

Another woman, residing on Tyler Court, "saw a strange object." This object, too, was going east. She said she had seen something that didn't resemble them.

Still another woman, residing on Gordon Street, heard a loud humming or buzzing sound at 1 a.m.

The paper reported by residents sounded like those made by helicopters, but was prevented from going much further because of trees.


- page 7 -

A-2 THE STATE JOURNAL Thurs., May 21, 1964
Lansing, Michigan

Was it Martians?
Odd Sound Linked to Sky Object

By DICK FRAZIER
Journal Staff Writer

The clock in Mrs. Elizabeth Hoxey's living room struck three as she was awakened by a strange noise Thursday morning.

Others reported hearing the sound on the city's south side during the next few minutes.

Mrs. Hosey, of 3035 Hilliard St., called city police to report something from outer space.

About the same time, Mrs. Ed Knudson, 1006 W. Saginaw, and her daughter Wanda, 10, were awakened by a noise she later described as a high-pitched "wailing sound."

It was terrible and it lasted for more than five minutes, she said. "It was a very loud, very shrill sound, steady for some time," she added.

The story, of course, has the city police investigating a similar report of a searching noise from the Logan Shopping Center area.

But one elephant couldn't make all the noise - and keep it up steady for five minutes - like police were hearing about Tuesday morning at least half a dozen residents living in the area from Deport Street to former Speer, 1006 Dunlap St.

I know if sounds like I'm crazy, but I swear the darned Department had several phone calls this morning asking about the theme music and noises on "Twilight Zone."

An army officer, Knudson is working on his master's degree at Michigan State University.

"At first I thought it was my imagination," he said, "but when I realized it sounded like a theme music and sounded like a smoother running engine, I did not look out or saw nothing.

"When I looked at the clock, I lasted for a few minutes longer I was just sitting there and heard it."

The Ingham County Sheriff's Department had several phone calls this morning asking about a muffled booming sound.

Noise sort of slacked off, like a motor that has been turned off, and then it revved up for just a second and then quit.

Mrs. Cole was the only person who reported seeing anything continuing with the noise.

"I was too scared to go to the window at first," she said, "but after I got my daughter settled down, I looked out toward Holt (to the southeast of her home) and saw this light-colored shiny, silver-metal thing. It looked like a great, huge bowl, sort of spinning. It was just over the tops of the trees and it kept moving away, not straight up or as you'd think, but turning in loops, as it disappeared."

OBJECT GLOWED

She said the object had a glow and markings or lights. Neither her husband nor son got up to look at the object, she said.

Mrs. Cole said, although her husband worked at a screening noise, Capt. Donald Bolen believed the noise was coming from the Logan Shopping Center area.


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the Detroit Free Press newspaper page dated Friday, May 22, 1964:

Detroit Free Press
Friday, May 22, 1964    THE SECOND FRONT PAGE    Page 3, Section A

Whining Object in Sky Mystifies Lansing Area

[First paragraph is partially illegible, but begins with "LANSING..." and mentions a television newscaster in Jackson]

"It was very blue, too blue to be a falling star," he said. "It was round, like a basketball, and was falling very fast, but I want to tell you where it disappeared, there was nothing."

Stanley Brauer, 40, and his wife, Blanche, were on their way home from the Lansing restaurant he owns. They first saw the object along Pennsylvania Ave.

"Its speed was terrific," Brauer said. "We tried to follow it but it was going so fast that it was gone in just a flash before we could tell its location."

Mrs. Edward Cole, 50, of Lansing, said, "I looked like a great, huge bowl. It kept moving away, turning in loops as it disappeared. It was a terrible, very shrill sound that lasted about five minutes."

Elmer Speer, of 1068 W. Dunlap, Lansing, said, "I know it sounds crazy (but) I'll swear the thing landed right in my back."

"The revelation sort of slackened off, like a ball," that has been turned off. It revved up again for a second then quit."

Speer said the sound was a "whirring noise" that started low and got so loud and high-pitched it near hurt.

Amy Capt. Donald Knoten, a graduate student, Michigan State University, said, "I thought it was a furnace acting up again. Then I realized it wasn't. Like a helicopter (or) truck on Cedar St. But it had too long a whir."

One unidentified woman said she saw the UFO land then take off again.

[Note: Some words are partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the newspaper page]


- page 9 -

Free Press Telephones
For Home Delivery: 222-6500
To The Want Ad: 222-6500
City Desk: 222-6500
Sports (after 2 p.m.): 222-6500
Insurance Dept.: 222-6170
All Other Calls: 222-6100

Detroit Free Press
Friday, May 22, 1964
THE SECOND FRONT PAGE, Page 3, Section A

Whining Object in Sky Mystifies Lansing Area

LANSING - An "Unidentified Flying Object" causing strange noises early Thursday, setting nerve ends on edge and prompting police to compare the high-pitched, whine to an elephant's trumpeting.

The object was described as a "great, large beast, sort of spinning" and a "light-colored, shiny silver metal thing."

Witnesses began phoning reports to Lansing police and television stations shortly after the first sighting at 12:10 a.m.

Many of the sightings were in an area near the Lansing Shopping Center at Jolly and Logan on Lansing's northeast side.

A 16-year-old elephant named Tufts in an display at the shopping center and police told the first caller that the sound might be Tufts making night sounds.

Don Wojcicki, 30, a television newscaster in Jackson, first saw the object while driving to his East Lansing home along College Road.

"It was very low, too close to be a falling star," he said. "It was round, like a basketball, and was falling very fast. But I want to tell you where I dropped there was nothing."

Stanley Brauer, 40, and his wife, Blanche, were out their yard home from the Lansing restaurant he drives for when they first saw the object along Townsend Road.

"It sped was terrific," Brauer said. "We tried to follow it, but it was gone in an instant. It felt like it came out of the sky just like that. It looked like it fell in Scott's Woods (in the east)."

Mrs. Richard Cole, 50, of Lansing, said, "I looked up and saw it. It was a terrible, very bright light. It was a terrible thing."

Elmer Speer, of 1008 W. Dunlap, Lansing, said, "I'd wear the thing indoors south of my place."

The resolution out of electronic stuff, like a motor, that has been heard off, it moved up again for a second, then quit.

Speer said the sound was a "whirring noise" that started low and got so loud and high-pitched in rear.

Army Cpt. Donald Knutson, a graduate student at Michigan State University, said, "I thought it was a furnace acting up again. Then I realized it wasn't."

One unidentified witness said she saw the UFO again late that night.


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the newspaper article:

A-2 THE STATE JOURNAL Thurs., May 21, 1964

Was Martians?
Old Sour Linked to Sky Object
By DICK FT GR
Journal Staff Writer

The clock in Lowey's living r
as the was strange noise
ing.

Others reported hearing the
sound on the city's south side
during the next few minutes.

Mrs. Homer of 603 Hillard
St., said she and her daughter
heard a noise "like
something from outer space."

About the same time, Mrs. Ed
ward Cole, 423 Hagues Road,
and her daughter, Mrs. Donald
Wands, 106 Grovenburg Road,
were awakened by a noise she
later described as a high-pitched
"whirling sound."

"It was terrible and it lasted
quite a while," she said. "Then
she was a very loud,
very shrill sound, steady for
quite a while and then it drifted
away."

Mrs. Story, of course, has to
have an electric angle — and
easily police, investigating a similar noise, found her first at
at 105 W. Dunlap St.—at first
believed the noise was coming
from a trumpeting elephant

NO ELEPHANT

But an elephant couldn't
make all the noise — and keep
it up steadily for five minutes—
like police were hearing about
Thursday from at least half a
dozen residents living as far
away as Depot Street in Holt.

Elmer Speer, 1006 Dunlap St.,
said he had just gotten home
from work at Oldsmobile when
the noise started. "It was just
exactly 3 a.m.," he said.

"I know it sounds like I'm
crazy, or something," Speer
said, "but it sounded just like
a 'Twilight Zone' thing."

The Ingham County Sheriff's
"And I'd swear the darned
thing landed over south of my
place somewhere. The revolu-

tions sort of slacked off, like a
motor that has been turned off,
and then it revved up for just
a second and then quit."

Speer said he had seen a shooting star a few minutes before,
but that was before he heard
the noise.

Mrs. Cole was the only person
who reported seeing anything
connected with the noise.

"I was too scared to go to the
window at first," she said, "but
after I got my daughter settled
down, I looked out toward Holt
and saw this light-colored shiny,
silver-metal thing. It looked like
a big truck or something moving.
It was just over the tops
of the trees and it kept moving
away, not straight away like
you'd think, but turning in loops
as it disappeared."

OBJECT GLOWED

She said the object had a glow
and was of a metallic, silvery
color. At first, she tried to look
up to look at the object, Mrs.
Cole said, although her husband
Capt. Donald R. Knutson of
Sandy Lake was said the noise
woke him up about 3 a.m.

An army officer, Knutson is
working on his master's degree
in accounting at Michigan State
University.

"At first I thought it was my
furnace acting up again. Then I
realized it sounded more like
copper but it was more compressed and sounded like a
"When I looked out, it was like
trucks on
Cedar Street then I realized it
lasted too long for them. I did
not look out so I saw nothing.
But that is what happened."

It was 3:01 a.m. and the sound
had lasted for a few minutes longer
and then quit. It sounds kooky,
I know, but that is what happened.

The Ingham County Sheriff's
Department had several phone
calls this morning asking about
a muffled booming sound.


- page 11 -

Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol II, No 3, September 1964

Lansing, Michigan
27 May 1964

May 27th, a flying saucer was seen hovering over downtown Lansing, Michigan, just before the late afternoon rush hour. One of the witnesses, John C. Gallagher, claimed that he saw the UFO going west at a height of about 50 feet above treetop level. He said that the object turned on its side and appeared to be "flat and round." It was soundless, and left no vapor trail. Many other witnesses, too numerous to relate here, were made in and near Lansing during late May, and an Air Force Investigator was eventually sent to get first-hand information about the flight.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

1   20 May   Lansing, Michigan
2   21 May   East Lansing, Michigan
3   21 May   Lansing, Michigan
4   22 May   Lansing, Michigan
5   23 May   Lansing, Michigan
6   25 May   Bay City, Michigan
7   25 May   Lansing, Michigan
8   27 May   Lansing, Michigan
9    1 Jun   Crystal Lake, Michigan
10   5 Jun   Lansing, Michigan
11  13 Jun   Grand Ledge, Michigan

Insufficient Data
Insufficient Date
Stray and Plasma
Astro (Meteor)
Astro (Meteor)
Satellite (Echo E)
Other (Terrestrial Light)
Astro (Venus)
a/o (Photo Mission)
a/c
Other (Reflection of
Lights on Fog)


- page 13 -

DATA PROCESSING DIVISION
CLIMATIC CENTER, USAF
Air Weather Service, USAF
Asheville, North Carolina

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: CODED

SUBJECT: Data for Washington and Lansing Areas                19 Jun 1964

TO: AFSC (FTD/TDS/Sgt Moody)

1. Reference: Your telecom with Mr. [redacted] of this Division at
1350 CST on 18 Jun 64.

2. We are enclosing photocopies of the following:
   a. Surface observations (WBAI 10 A & B) for 31 May 64 from
      National Airport, Washington, D.C.

   b. Rawinsonde observations (WBAI 31 ABC) for 21, 22, and 23
      May 1964 from Bishop Airport, Flint, Michigan.

3. Flint is the closest rawinsonde station to the Lansing area.

FOR THE DIRECTOR

[Signature]
THOMAS D. PILLENWORTH
2d Lt., USAF
Data Processing Division

1 Atch
Photocopies a/s


- page 14 -

this case includes

fourteen (14) Adiabatic charts


- page 15 -

PRELIMINARY WEATHER REPORT: temperatures in area on Wed, May 20, and Thursday May 21 (LANSING) (night) in mid-thirties - high probability of inversion layer, UFO reported/observed. Attached information that he received 14 television channels possibly.


- page 16 -

Clin Con, USAF
Federal Bldg
Asheville NC 28801
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

POSTAGE AND FEES PAID

AFSC
FTD/TDG (Sgt Moody)
Wright Patterson AFB Ohio 45433

HC FORM 28


- page 17 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. The image appears to be a grid-like form or table with very faint and blurry text that cannot be reliably read. The document looks like an old official form or report with multiple columns and rows, but the specific details are not discernible.


- page 18 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. The image appears to be a grid or table-like document with very faint and blurry text that cannot be reliably read. The document looks like an old, black and white scanned page with a grid pattern covering most of its surface.


- page 19 -

The image appears to be a heavily gridded document with very faint and mostly illegible text. Due to the poor image quality and high contrast, most of the text is not clearly readable. The document seems to be a form or data sheet with numerous rows and columns, but specific details cannot be discerned with confidence.


- page 20 -

The image appears to be a heavily gridded document with very faint and mostly illegible text. The document is a black and white scanned page with a grid-like structure covering most of the page. Due to the poor image quality and heavy gridding, I cannot confidently transcribe any specific text from this document.


- page 21 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. The document appears to be a grid or table-style form with multiple rows and columns, but the specific text cannot be clearly read.


- page 22 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. The image appears to be a grid or table-like document with very faint and blurry text that cannot be reliably read. The document looks like an old, low-contrast black and white scanned page with a grid structure.


- page 23 -

REQUEST AND AUTHORIZATION - TEMPORARY DUTY TRAVEL OF MILITARY PERSONNEL

Date: 12 June 1964

To: Administrative Officer, HQ AFSC (Requester)
From: Dep/Technology & Subsystems

Name: DAVID Y. MOODY, AF19549897
Grade: T/SGT
Organization: HQ FTDS(ATSO)USAF, WPAFB, Ohio

Depart on or about: 12 June 1964
Approximate No. of Days: THREE (3)
Purpose of TOY: No Devaluate operational project.

Itinerary:
From: WPAFB, Patterson AFB, Ohio
To: LANSING, MICHIGAN & Area
Return to: Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Special Instructions: CIVILIAN CLOTHING AUTHORIZED.

Authorization Date: 12 June 1964
Special Order No.: T-1307

The document appears to be a military travel authorization form for a temporary duty assignment, marked as TOP SECRET.


- page 24 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded document with a grid-like structure. Most of the text is illegible due to poor image quality, dark shadows, and significant degradation along the left side of the document. While there are clearly rows and columns present, I cannot confidently transcribe any specific text from this image.


- page 25 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded document with a grid-like structure. Most of the text is illegible due to poor image quality, heavy shadowing, and significant degradation of the document. While there are clearly text and grid lines present, I cannot confidently OCR any specific words or characters from this image.


- page 26 -

The image appears to be a grid or table document with very faint and mostly illegible text. The document is a black and white scanned page with multiple rows and columns, creating a complex grid-like structure. Due to the poor image quality and low contrast, I cannot confidently transcribe any specific text from the document.


- page 27 -

The image appears to be a complex grid or chart with multiple rows and columns. Most of the text is too illegible to read clearly. The document looks like a detailed data sheet or map with fine grid lines and some faint markings or annotations. The image is in black and white and appears to be a scanned historical document with some degradation and low contrast.


- page 28 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and heavy shadowing on the left side of the document. While there appears to be a grid-like form or document with vertical and horizontal lines, the text within the grid cells is not readable. The only partially visible text appears to be on the far left margin, but it is too blurry to accurately transcribe.


- page 29 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. The document appears to be a grid or table-style form with multiple columns and rows, but the text within the cells is not clearly readable. The left side of the page has a darker vertical section with some text, but the specific content cannot be discerned with confidence.


- page 30 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. The image appears to be a grid or table-like document with very faint and blurry text that cannot be reliably read. The document is a black and white scan with significant degradation and dark edges, making text recognition extremely difficult.


- page 31 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with a grid-like structure, but the text is largely illegible due to poor image quality, faintness, and scanning artifacts. Most of the text is too blurry to read with confidence. The document seems to be a form or table with multiple rows and columns, but specific details cannot be discerned.


- page 32 -

The image appears to be a heavily gridded document with very faint and mostly illegible text. Due to the poor image quality and high contrast black and white scan, most of the text is not readable. The document seems to be a form or data sheet with multiple columns and rows, but specific details cannot be discerned with confidence.


- page 33 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the low contrast and grid-like nature of the document. The image appears to be a detailed grid or map with various lines and markings, but the specific text within the grid cells cannot be clearly read.


- page 34 -

TRAVEL VOUCHER OR SUBVOUCHER
(See rule 5, J.T.R.)

NAME OF PAYEE (Type or print)
MOODY, DAVID W

ORGANIZATION AND STATION
Foreign Technology Division, W-P AFB, Ohio

MAILING ADDRESS FOR CHECK
Box 9068, HQ FPDC, W-P AFB, Ohio

TRAVEL ORDERS (Permanent, J.O. No., Issuing Stn., Date, Includes amending orders)
1-1307, 12 Jun 64, HQ FPDC, W-P AFB, Ohio

VOUCHER NO.
D.O. VOUCHER NO.

PAGE 1 OF 2 PAGES
D.O. VOUCHER NUMBER

PAID BY

PAYMENT DESIRED:
CHECK     CASH

SERVICE NUMBER
F 195-6697

LAST GOVT. PHONE NUMBER
99216

SETTLEMENT OF TDY TRAVEL
FROM    TO

ITINERARY (Before completing, read instructions)
DATE    LOCAL    PLACE                                MODE   REASON   USED GOVT.
        STANDARD (Base, Activity, City and State, City and   OF     FOR    MEALS
        TIME     Country, etc.)                       TRANS STOP   TRANS

12Jun   L1300    W-P AFB, Ohio                        PA     To      None
        DEP 1500  Lansing, Michigan                   PA     To      None

13Jun   DEP 0600  Williamston, Michigan               PA     HVY     To      None
        DEP 1200  Indianhead Hotel                    12 mi  PA     To      None
        DEP 1300  East Lansing, Michigan              12 mi  PA     To      None
        DEP 1345  (State College)(Abovr)              12 mi  PA     To      None
        ARR 1410  Lansing, Michigan                   12 mi  PA     To      None

        ARR 1525  State Journal (Shared)              1 mi   PA     To      None
        DEP 1600  Lansing, Michigan                   1 mi   PA     To      None
        ARR 1700  City Police Station                 3 mi   PA     To      None
        ARR 2000  Lansing, Michigan                   7 mi   PA     To      None
        DEP 2015  Lansing, Michigan (City)            3 mi   PA     To      None
        ARR 2030  360 Grand (Grover)                  PA     To      None

(Remainder of form continues with expense and reimbursement details)

The document appears to be a travel voucher for David W. Moody from the Foreign Technology Division, documenting travel in Michigan on June 12-13, 1964.


- page 35 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with a grid-like layout, but the text is largely illegible due to poor image quality and scanning artifacts. Most of the text is blurred, smudged, or too faint to read clearly. The document seems to be a form or report with multiple columns and rows, typical of official government or military documentation from the 1960s.


- page 36 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. The image appears to be a grid or table-like document with very faint and blurry text that cannot be reliably read. The document seems to be a form or report with vertical and horizontal lines creating a grid structure, but the specific content is not discernible.


- page 37 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality and low contrast of the scanned document. The image appears to be a grid-like document with very faint and blurry text that cannot be reliably read by OCR.


- page 38 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be a very low-quality, faded grid or table document where the text is almost entirely illegible. The document seems to be a scanned page with a grid-like structure, but the text and details are too blurry and washed out to be read accurately.


- page 39 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the low quality and high contrast of the scanned document. The page appears to be a grid or chart with numerous vertical and horizontal lines, but the specific text within the grid cells cannot be clearly read.


- page 40 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be a very faint and low-contrast grid or table document where most of the text is illegible. While there are grid lines and what seem to be handwritten entries, I cannot confidently transcribe any specific text from this document. The image looks like a data sheet or log with multiple rows and columns, but the details are too blurry to read accurately.


- page 41 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and heavy shadowing on the left side of the document. Only fragments of text can be partially discerned, but not enough to confidently transcribe complete words or sentences. The document appears to be a form or report with a grid-like background, but the details are obscured.


- page 42 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with a grid-like structure, but the text is largely illegible due to poor image quality, low contrast, and heavy shadowing on the left side of the page. While text is present, I cannot confidently OCR specific words or sentences. The document seems to be a form or report with multiple columns and rows, typical of official documentation from the 1960s, but the details are not clear enough to transcribe accurately.


- page 43 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. The image appears to be a grid-like form or document with multiple columns and rows, but the text within the cells is too blurry and faded to be read accurately.


- page 44 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the low quality and faded nature of the scanned document. The image appears to be a grid or table-like document with very blurry and indistinct text that cannot be reliably transcribed.


- page 45 -

This appears to be a blank Transportation Request form with various sections including:

VI. Transportation Requests Used
VII. Meal Tickets Used for Travel
VIII. Instructions for Preparation of the Form

The form includes sections for:
- Means of Travel
- Symbols
- Reasons for Stops
- Required Attachments
- Traveler's Responsibility
- Statements and Signature of Claimant

The form provides detailed instructions for filling out travel and expense claims, with spaces for various details such as transportation methods, reasons for stops, and traveler's statements. However, in this image, no information has been filled in on the form.

At the bottom, there is a standard government printing office notation and the form appears to be an official U.S. government document.


- page 46 -

Much of the text in this document is illegible due to the low quality and faded nature of the scanned image. The document appears to be a grid or table-style form with multiple columns and rows, typical of a data collection or reporting sheet. However, the specific text within the cells is not clearly readable.

The left side of the document has some darker, more visible columns, but the text is still too blurry to accurately transcribe. The overall document looks like an official form or report sheet, possibly from a government or scientific organization, but the details cannot be definitively determined from this image.


- page 47 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the low contrast and poor quality of the scanned document. The page appears to be a grid or chart with numerous lines and boxes, but the specific text within those boxes cannot be clearly read.


- page 48 -

The image appears to be a scanned document with a grid-like layout. Most of the text is too faint or blurry to be legible. The left side of the document has some vertical text that is partially obscured, but the majority of the text is illegible due to poor image quality and scanning artifacts.


- page 49 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. The image appears to be a grid or chart with various markings and lines, but the specific text and details cannot be clearly read.


- page 50 -

1 - 15 JUNE 1964 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER                                   EVALUATION

Summer  Chatham, New Jersey                                                               INSUFFICIENT DATA
Summer  Willingsboro, New Jersey                                                          Other (Psychological)
June    Mulberry, Florida                                                                 INSUFFICIENT DATA
1       (About)Elmhurst, Indiana                                                          Astro (METEOR)
1       Crystal Lake, Michigan                                                            AIRCRAFT
1       Paxton, Kentucky                                                                  Other (PLASTIC BOTTLE)
1       Chicago, Illinois                                                                 AIRCRAFT
5       Middlesboro, Massachusetts                                                        Other (METEORS)
5       Lansing, Michigan                                                                 AIRCRAFT
5       Texarkana, Texas                                                                  Astro (MOON)
6       Atlantic Ocean (500 MI NW                                                         1. INSUFFICIENT DATA
         Ascension Island                                                                 AIRCRAFT
6       Galveston, Indiana                                                                1. Astro (ARCTURUS)
                                                                                          2. AIRCRAFT

DR 9    Westfield, Wisconsin                                                              (PHYSICAL SPEC)
9       Kansas City, Kansas                                                               Other (NATURAL COPPER)
9       Kokomo, Indiana                                                                   SATELLITES
10      Clayton, Ohio                                                                     AIRCRAFT
10      Bastrop, Texas                                                                    Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
11-12   Sarasota, Florida                                                                 INSUFFICIENT DATA
13      Toledo, Ohio                                                                      AIRCRAFT
13      Grand Ledge, Michigan                                                             UNIDENTIFIED
14      Dale, Indiana                                                                     Other (REFLECTION OF
15      St. Georges De Bouce, P.Q., Canada RCMP (PHYSICAL SPEC)                            LIGHTS ON FOG)
                                                                                          Other (HOAX)
                                                                                          Other (LIGHTNING
                                                                                          ARRESTOR)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS ( NOT CASES )

DATE    LOCATION                                SOURCE                                    EVALUATION

June    Universe                                Science News Ltr
June    Fears AFB, N. H.                        (Ltr)
June    Enporion, Pa.                           (Ltr)
June    Argentina                                News Clipping
June    Australia                                (Ltr)
Summer  Oakmoss, N. J.                           (Ltr)
Summer  Detroit, Mich.                           (Ltr)
Summer  Millsboro, N. J.                         (Ltr)
1       Salisbury, Rhodesia                      News Clipping
1       Husum, Tex.                              "               "
2       Sunnyvale, Calif.                        "               "
3       Houston, Tex.                            "               "
3       Flagstaff, Ariz.                         "               "
4       Pago, Ariz.                              "               "
4       Acatculla, Ohio                          "               "
5       Conneaut, Ohio                           "               "
5       Fauna, Ohio                              "               "
5       Cleveland, Ohio                          "               "
5       Fiji Island of Tavanni                   "               "
6       Bloomfield, Conn.                        (Ltr)


- page 51 -

1 - 15 JUNE 1964 SIGHTINGS
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                SOURCE              EVALUATION

8       Massillon, Ohio         News Clipping
9       Feiling, England        "   "
9       Burlington, Wyoming      "   "
9       Hastings, Ohio           "   "
10      North Dakota             "   "
11      Elmore, Ohio             "   "
12      Melbourne, Australia     "   "
12      Ballam, Australia        "   "
13      Thurmaston, Leicester, England   "   "(ltr)
13      Pemberville, Ohio        News Clipping
15      Lynn, Mass.              "   "


- page 52 -

TRAVEL VOUCHER OR SUBVOUCHER (Continuation Sheet)

NAME OF PAYEE: DAVID J. MOODY, TSGT

The document is a detailed travel expense report showing multiple travel legs, primarily in Michigan, with departure and arrival locations, dates, and mileage. The locations include:

- Williamston, Michigan
- East Lansing, Michigan
- Grand Ledge, Michigan
- Abrams Airport
- Delta Town Ship
- Capitol City Airport
- Ann Arbor, Michigan
- Willow Run Airport
- Battle Creek, Michigan

The document uses abbreviations like DEP (Departure), ARR (Arrival), and has columns for Mode of Travel (MTY), Reason for Travel (PA), and Used Gov't (No None).

At the bottom of the form is a DD Form 1351-2c, which appears to be a standard travel voucher form.

The text is clear and fully legible throughout the document.


- page 53 -

The image shows a blank transportation and expense form with the following section headers:

I. (Blank)
III. TRANSPORTATION REQUESTS USED
IV. MEAL TICKETS USED FOR TRAVEL
V. REIMBURSABLE EXPENSES
VI. FOR D.O. USE ONLY

The form has multiple blank rows for entering details under each section. At the bottom of the form, there is a "REMARKS" section with some partially legible text, but the text is too blurry to accurately transcribe.

The bottom of the form includes a small note about the U.S. Government Printing Office, but the text is not fully clear.


- page 54 -

TAB

A: Bill Powers Preliminary Report
B: Bill Powers Trip Report (Final)
C: Investigative Data
   1. Extract From Michigan State Police Log
   2. Extract From Lansing City Police Log
   3. Memo's For Record
   4. Miscellaneous Data

D: Sighting

E: Mr and Mrs [redacted] Sighting

F: [redacted] Sighting

G: News [redacted] Report

H: Newspaper Clippings

I: Weather Data


- page 55 -

The image appears to be a mostly blank white/gray document page with very minimal legible text. There are some faint markings and lines, but no substantial readable text is visible. The page seems to be a scanned document with some artifacts and slight discoloration around the edges.


- page 56 -

Preliminary Investigation of UFO Reports, May 17 - 22, 1964.
William T. Powers, Systems Engineer, Dearborn Observatory

On Friday night, May 22-23, I made a brief telephone survey in response to a request by J. A. Hynek, Director of Dearborn Observatory, following his appraisal of a UFI report of sightings in Lansing, Michigan.

My first call was to UFI in Chicago; a report of a UFO sighting had come in, but from Marion, Indiana. A subsequent call to UFI in Lansing established that reports were coming independently from both locations.

I contacted the Police Department in Marion, and was informed that police officers in the Marion force and in police departments of surrounding towns ( Tipton, Hartford, Tipton County Sheriff's office, etc.) had witnessed either single lights or groups of lights, both stationary and moving, which struck witnesses as unusual enough to report. Calls to several of the other departments in the area did not add much information, as the witnesses were on patrol or were not on duty at the time; In every case I was assured that the witnesses would be available if a complete investigation were carried out; in most cases the sightings were logged, or else the force is small enough that the individuals involved will be easy to find.

I did succeed in locating one witness who saw an orange light low in the northwest sky, apparently "200 - 500 feet high, three to six miles away," having driven to the west end of town ( Hartford City)/ after hearing over his police car radio comments about other sightings in progress. The officer, Robert Meredith, reports that the Blackford [redacted], and another man named [redacted] saw the orange light. It seems clear that the object was Venus, just prior to setting.

The other reports may involve more definite motion, and some involve multiple objects ( at least one observation through binoculars), so the Venus explanation cannot readily be extended without further information.

Having established that enough information could be obtained through the Marion police department for a future investigation, I turned to the Lansing reports.


- page 57 -

TRIP REPORT OF TSGT DAVID M MOODY, TO LANSING, MICHIGAN

On 12 Jun 64, Tsgt David M Moody, AF 1954987, departed Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio for the Lansing, Michigan area to investigate reports of UFO's in that area. This trip was necessitated by received calls in the news media and letters from public citizens requesting information through SAFOI.

At 0900, 13 June, Tsgt Moody met William Powers of Northwestern University at the East Lansing Police Headquarters. Police officers at this location had received some 30 to 40 calls from in and around Lansing of sightings from 21 and 22 May 64. Sgt Snyder of the Lansing State Police turned this data over to the investigator's.

Sgt Moody accompanied by Bill Powers proceeded to the Lansing City Police Station, Lansing, Michigan and extracted police log reports of 21, 23 and 25 May 64, of sightings by [redacted] and additional reports had been received, however, these four sightings were the only ones in which a policeman from the City Police was dispatched.

From the City Police Station investigators proceeded to the office of the State Journal Newspaper at Lansing, Michigan. Discussions with reporter Frank Hand regarding the sightings in the area and news release of results were made. From this location telephone calls were made to the principal witnesses in the various sightings and a determination made as to which special cases required additional investigation. From these initial reports it was apparent that there were at least thirteen separate sightings.

1. Reports attributable to the siren and special lights on a police car. Witnesses to this sighting were [redacted] and additional witnesses. (This sighting will be written up by Bill Powers in his report.)

2. Sighting of [redacted] and [redacted] to be a motor sighting and [redacted] to be contacted later.

3. [redacted] and Corporal Thorton of the East Lansing Michigan State Police observation of a second duration. A probable meteor sighting to be covered in BILL Powers report.

4. [redacted] sighting (to be investigated later by both Sgt Moody and Powers.)

5. Sightings of two college students, [redacted] and [redacted] at Michigan State University (to be contacted by Bill Powers.)


- page 58 -

Here is the text from the document:

The first Lansing call was to the Lansing Police Department, where I spoke with Sgt. Snyder. A series of calls had been received from residents of Southern Lansing for several days, starting at 3 AM on Wednesday, May 20. A list of names was obtained from the log of Wednesday, all from people who complained of a "weird noise." This noise was described approximately as a "whirring" noise, starting low and going high, then stopping. In a subsequent call to the Ingham County Sheriff's Office, I was informed that at 3AM Wednesday morning a police car had made an emergency run down Miller street, employing a new "warbling" siren, which the desk sergeant described as sounding "weird."

When I read him the list of addresses of the complainants, he identified most, but not all, of them as being close to the route of the emergency run. It was also found that an elephant was tethered all night in a shopping center nearby, part of a promotion stunt.

The reports of 3 AM Wednesday, therefore, may tentatively be connected with the known emergency run, at least those definitely concerned with noises, which I understand is true in all cases.

Reports from Thursday and Friday night, however, cannot be connected with the siren, as objects were seen. There appear to be several independent sightings of different objects.

One object, a bright blue or blue-green light, was seen descending "to the ground" (that is, going out of sight following a downward course) by two people, [redacted] and [redacted]. Each was in his own car on the way home when he caught sight of the object. Both were impressed sufficiently to attempt to drive to where the object disappeared, and both seem to have thought it might be an aircraft in trouble. The men met subsequently, while [redacted] was acting in his capacity of television announcer (for WILX) at a remote broadcast from restaurant [redacted] in Lansing, and here they each learned that the other had seen the light. Unfortunately it appears that they have already compared their stories, as both reported to me in phone calls Saturday morning that


- page 59 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

the sighting took place at "12:10 to 12:15". Both men have agreed to cooperate
in any detailed investigation.

One of the calls associated with the night of the emergency run previously
mentioned was from a farmer in Grand Ledge, who called the Indiana State Police
department with a report that he had seen a flying saucer land and take off again.

A police car 5 miles from the scene was dispatched, but before it arrived the
farmer, whose name was not obtained, said that the object was gone; the investigating
patrol reported sighting nothing unusual, so the sighting was not logged; the name
of the farmer may be difficult to discover. The farmer said the object was (shining)
blue and was /15 feet in diameter. The police officer clearly believes the man to be "mistaken".

There are several more reports which need to be straightened out better than
I could do over the telephone. One involves two men coming home from the night shift
(apparently) at Oldsmobile, and a _____ The two men were
in a car parked in front of _____ house when/heard a weird noise ( apparently not
the siren - time is wrong) and saw an object that looked like a shooting star
going behind the house. It made ( or something made) a sufficiently impressive noise
that _____ wife jumped out of bed, terrified, the sound having awakened her.

Between phone calls to _____ and _____ on Saturday morning, I received
an unsolicited call from a reporter, Dick Frazier of the Lansing State-Journal, who
was trying to find out if my calls of the night before were legitimate, and who had
another report which came in just after I had ceased operations Friday night. A Mrs.
_____ _____, _____, Lansing, saw three objects as 9:00, 9:45, and
11:00 PM on the 20th, at least one of which showed shape ( outline, not point source)
and which was observed through binoculars. Mrs. _____ husband also saw the objects
and they called some neighbors who also were witnesses. One object was described
as roughly circular with many little white lights on its underside. Mrs. _____ did
not report until she heard of other reports, for fear she would be called crazy.
_____ says she is willing to talk to scientists from Northwestern ( _____ informed
her of our investigations). Mrs. _____ address is described as being "near".


- page 60 -

Hughes", a street which appears on the list of complainants ( not in chronological order) from Wednesday night, and which should be checked as possibly many/different report from the "noise" reports.

Saturday afternoon the final call before making this report was received from Sgt Castor)of the Michigan State Police, in response to my request for any additional information that might arise. He reported that a Mrs. [redacted], Lansing,/heard on the night of the 20th a very strange "whirring" sound from her back yard, at 9:00 or 9:15 PM. She saw nothing, but found a burned area in her yard, about 10 feet by 4 or 5 feet in dimensions. Leaves lying on the ground were charred, but the grass underneath was not. She has saved samples of the leaves, and is willing to be interviewed. She, too, delayed her report for fear of ridicule, until other reports were publicized. Her husband saw what she saw, heard the noise.

This brief report actually represents only a small portion of the reports that were received and logged at the police departments in the area. All police agencies appear quite willing to cooperate, and individuals seem to show a healthy mixture of interest and skepticism. My impression is that a more detailed reading of the logs with together with examination of records of emergency-car movements will eliminate the bulk of reports concerned with noises only, but that other events appear to have occurred which require more detailed investigation and probably will call for several different explanations.

There follows a list of agencies and persons who made reports; this is a very abbreviated list, and is given only for the purpose of aiding identification of the proper log pages or proper individuals with whom to communicate.

MARION, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT: 317 - NO 8-8121
Tom Dennis, Chief
Richard Hardman, Asst. Chief, Ref: memo to work with car/night

KOKOMO, INDIANA POLICE DEPARTMENT (SHERIFF'S POLICE): 317-GL 2-2144

HARTFORD CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT 317 - 348-3720
Officer Robert Meredith saw orange lights, city others.


- page 61 -

TIPTON POLICE DEPARTMENT, TIPTON, INDIANA
TIPTON COUNTY(SHERIFF'S)POLICE Sightings Sunday through Tuesday, May 17-19.
INDIANA STATE POLICE

LANSING, MICHIGAN POLICE DEPARTMENT: 517 - IV 5-7165

Sgt. Reif Snyder, desk. Gave following names: More available.
[Several lines of names and locations are redacted]
Holt (This one far from emergency run)
(this one near Ball residence?)
Lansing
Lansing (Smith?)
Lansing (Emergency run was down Miller)

MASON, MICHIGAN: INGHAM COUNTY SHERIFF'S POLICE (originators of emergency run)
517 - OR 7-9661

Lansing: MICHIGAN STATE POLICE: 517 - ED 2-2521
Investigated call from farmer about saucer landing.
OFFICER Bassett at desk.

LANSING MICHIGAN: [Redacted]
Saw blue light descend.

Lansing, MICHIGAN: [Redacted]
Saw same blue light.

LANSING, MICHIGAN: [Redacted], Lansing (Near Hughes at)

Informant: Dick Frazier, of Lansing State-Journal, reporter.


- page 62 -

PRELIMINARY WEATHER REPORT: temperatures in area on Wed, May 20, and Thursday May 21 (night) in mid-thirties - high probability of inversion layer. UPI reporter/volunteered information that he received 14 television channels Wed (LANSING) (MICH).


- page 63 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be almost entirely blank or extremely faded. There is a small "PB" (likely Project Blue Book) marking in the bottom right corner, but no other legible text is visible on this page.


- page 64 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS

22 June, 1964

Captain Hector Quintanilla
Foreign Technology Division
Box 5104
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Captain Quintanilla:

Enclosed is the report from my trip to Lansing. Dave Moody is handling all that is not covered herein. I have not written up another version of the investigation on the Indiana (Wabash) sighting, because I understand that your office nor has a complete coverage of the sighting. I am enclosing my original report on which I have enclosed no data but am will be prepared, and to cover by one interview with the police officer who saw Venus.

I found this field trip very instructive. I was better armed for the trip two days later from to Indian. The report on this will follow in a day or two - I took pictures which have just come back, and I will have to write quite a key. Just briefly (and confidentially), I am convinced that this was a, let us say, prank. I deputized a Mrs. Brown, over-reporter on the Dale, Indiana news to look into other similar reports and write me a brief note about anything else she might happen.

On a separate sheet I am enclosing a list of expenses and fees. Dr. Hynek mentioned something about $15 per day plus expenses; actually, that is rather little. As my regular salary is close to $40 per day, on the expenses of $15 I leave used the latter figure. Most of the early phone calls were made on Dr. Hynek's small credit. He will also a claim when he gets his bill.

I would like to add that working with Dave Moody was a pleasure.

Sincerely yours,
William T. Powers
William T. Powers


- page 65 -

Investigator's sketch
of object. Dome curved at
witness direction,
WTP

Motion                                                Smoke

Light source
FIG A

FIG B                                Drawn by
                                     Saw at 3:10

sketches from
Bush & Nourse interviews


- page 66 -

Text found in the document:

TREES AND BUSES

YARD

N

drawing made by WTP
at scene, based on
measurements & description


- page 67 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Draw before
visiting scene
by investigator (UFP) witness placed
object on drawing

w. L. N. D. S H L E L D

Head of

Note: Some text appears partially illegible or cut off. The document appears to be a hand-drawn sketch with various lines, shapes, and annotations related to a UFO sighting investigation.


- page 68 -

Here is the text from the document:

(7) The Crystal Lake sighting of (to be investigated by Sgt Moody)

(8) Mrs of , Lansing Michigan (turned leaf samples). It was requested by this witness that her name not be used. (To be contacted by Sgt Moody)

(9) The Grand Lodge sighting by Mr and Mrs (to be investigated by both Mr Powers and Sgt Moody)

(10) The Observation from the police report of the Michigan State Police. It was decided due to Mr reputation as a publicity seeker that his sighting would be considered misinterpretation of conventional objects and/or his imagination and/or his attempts to perpetrate a hoax, and no contact with this witness would be made.

(11) The sighting of Mr on 6 May 64. Object evaluated as A/C sighting. (Case to be written up by Sgt Moody)

(12) The sighting by of 27 May 64 was believed to be an Astronomical Body (Case to be written up by Sgt Moody).

(13) The Grand Lodge Observation on 13, 1964. (To be investigated jointly by Sgt Moody and Bill Powers).

SIGHTING OF MISS

From the Lansing State Journal Office, Sgt Moody and Bill Powers proceeded to the residence of Miss of , Lansing, Michigan. A PID Form 164 was completed by both investigators. Miss was a young girl of 15. Her impressions of the object were vague, inaccurate and contained little information of a specific nature. The reported duration of 5 minutes when re-enacted and timed, indicated an observation of 25 seconds. However fantastic her story may have seemed, it was apparent that the little girl did observe an object with a bright light that made a high pitched noise. The light was described as reddish with a pale tint and apparently the object was long enough and bright enough to cast shadows from trees and other objects in the place of observation. Subsequent investigation indicates that this object was observed by other witnesses in the area.

SIGHTING OF MRS

Following the interrogation of , Sgt Moody proceeded to the home of Mrs of Street, Lansing, Michigan. Arriving at 1900, physical specimens of the leaves were obtained. Basic information indicates that sometime between 9 and 9:15 on the night of Wednesday, 20 May 64, Mrs heard a vibrating sound causing a roaring in her ears.


- page 69 -

THE DALE NEWS
Friday, June 19, 1964

Mr. Wm. T. Looney
Coordinator
Washington, D.C.
Chicago, Illinois
Dear Bill:

During the brief investigation, did anyone mention fireworks to you? I heard last night from their neighbors that firecrackers were set off at the Engelbrecht farm Sunday, presumably as a part of the entertainment (they had a picnic-this is in the social news in The Dale).

I don't know what kind of fireworks, but I have seen some rocket-types that could very well have been launched from that "pad" in the back yard, that might also explain the three holes.

State Trooper Frank J. Cook is interested in this --he's had some dealings with young Engelbrecht. Perhaps he can find out about the firecrackers. (Incidentally, I am Justice of the Peace of Carter Township-my oldest son said "Mother, way don't you sell Avon like other mothers do?"-- and I've got a pipeline to the State police post and the sheriff's department, which is very helpful as a source of instant news.)

In other developments, Police Chief McBride got a letter yesterday from Elkhart which may interest you.

Sincerely,

[Signature appears to be partially cut off]


- page 70 -

REPORT ON UFO ACTIVITY, MAY-JUNE, 1964

W. T. Powers, Systems Engineer
Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois
(Summary on Page 19)

On June 13-14, 1964, this correspondent and T. Sgt. David Woods, USAF, visited Lansing, Michigan to investigate various reports of UFO activity and apparently related phenomena which were received by local and state police during the period starting on the night of 20 May 1964 and ending 13 June, the last night of the investigation.

1. The Siren. At 0300 EDT, 21 May 1964, the Lansing police department began to receive a series of calls concerning a strange noise. Those who called in described the noise as "weird" and "loud," and insisted that it was like nothing they had ever heard before. The names are listed in the police log - owing to the explanation which was found, the existence of these names in the correspondence file, they are omitted (more than a dozen names are recorded, and police say that after this many had called, they stopped losing further calls, of which there were many).

The Ingham County Sheriff's Police department reports that at 0300 on the date of the reports, a police car made an emergency run along Millar Road (E-W) and then north to a Lansing hospital, with its blue flasher going and operating its new "warbler" siren. This new siren employs a very loud tone which rises and falls both in pitch and intensity at a rapid rate - two to three times per second.

The resulting noise is quite sufficient to account for both the number of calls and the conviction on the part of the callers that something extraordinary was occurring. One woman, a Mrs. [redacted] reported a blue object "looping" or "swirling in loops" as it were by her house accompanied by the strange noise. It appears most likely that she was seeing the beam from the police-car's rotating flasher.


- page 71 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-12-

as it swept around in circles over trees (and possibly played on a lake later, 
as the temperature was in the low thirties following a hot day, a condition 
conducive to an inversion layer. A UFO reporter advised that he received 14 
television channels that night).

The locations from which the calls came were all close to the route of 
the police car. In this investigator's opinion, all the calls at or around 0300 
on 21 May 64 may be attributed to the police-run.

c. Sighting. The witness in this case is a fifteen-year old girl 
residing at [redacted] in Lansing, [redacted]. She is not skilled at 
description, being very vague about the concept of apparent angular size and 
being unable to draw even a simple sketch.

Her basic story is that as she was riding her bicycle home at about 2100 
hours EST, 21 May, 1964, at the corner of Clifford and Prospect streets (about 
eight blocks from her home), she heard a loud roaring sound with a steady tone 
in it, and looked up to see a rectangular object, reddish gold in color, circling 
overhead. After a few seconds (described as "five minutes" at first) what appeared 
to be a pair of sliding doors in the bottom of the object slid back, revealing 
an intense light-source having a diameter as large as the bottom of the rectangular 
object in its short dimension. The light was a pale red, and lit up the tree 
tops and ground. All the surrounding streetlights (described as "4") went out 
at some time during this process. The light was bright enough to light up the 
tops of the trees around the intersection, and she thought the treetops were 
waving, although there was no wind. This light kept shining while the object 
circled, short side forward, overhead, and then suddenly the object went away 
with a puff of heavy smoke, which dissipated slowly and disappeared. The light 
remained on as the object left, and could be seen until it passed far enough 
away to be obscured by the trees, just as the sound had become obscure before 
the object appeared, it faded away as the object moved on.


- page 72 -

Here is the text from the document:

-33-

The witness states that she was frightened and ran to the nearest house, but found that house dark; all the other houses nearby were reported as dark also. She states that she abandoned her bicycle and ran all the way home, a distance of at least half a mile (unless there is a shorter route than the one the investigators found), and then went back later to get the bicycle.

Since the witness could not estimate the size of the object, ( the three circles indicated that it subtended an arc of over 100 degrees in the sky), the investigators concentrated on trying to draw out a description of its appearance.

The results of this further questioning must be tempered by the probability that the girl was adding to her story at times, and may have been led to some conclusions.

During further questioning, the girl reiterated the sighting while the investigators timed her, roughly. According to this procedure, the noise took 5 seconds to approach, the object circled overhead several seconds, the light came on for about 6 seconds, and the departure occupied another 6 seconds until sight was lost, for a total of about twenty seconds. A second silent run through, without description took 42 seconds. These times are probably a far more accurate estimate than the "five minutes" which the girl seemed to use to indicate any indefinite short time.

The shape of the object was determined roughly by showing the girl three rectangles, one square, one with a length-to-width ratio of about 3 to 2, and one with a ratio about 5 to 1. She picked the middle one, adding that the corners were "cut off." Three rectangles with the previously chosen shape were drawn, having about half of each side cut off, about a fourth, and about an eighth. She picked the least-cut-off picture. She indicated that it was not flat as shown, but she had no way to describe how it appeared. The investigator then drew the picture labeled "Figure A," adding some arbitrary sketching and showing an object in perspective with rounded corners ( a guess that this was not the way trying to see it).


- page 73 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

startled, said "What's it, but there was a thing, a glow, on top!" This apparently accounted for previous attempts to explain that she was looking up at its bottom, but could see something on top, too.

The investigators found the two streets described running at 90° to the directions described later during the interview, but in correspondence to the original directions stated early in the interview. According to the earlier version, the witness was standing on the south-west corner; the object would have appeared from the south, and disappeared straight north. Four streetlights were seen, two on diagonally-opposite corners and two farther down the block along Clifford, one north and one south. The intersection was relatively free of trees, giving the effect of a clearing perhaps 100 feet in diameter. All the streets were otherwise lined with mature trees.

Evaluation is deferred to the end of this report.

3. Sighting. The witnesses are students at Michigan State University, where the sighting occurred, but had returned home by the time of this investigation. Where they were contacted by telephone, lives during the summer at [redacted] Street, Flint 3, Michigan, and [redacted] lives in the summer at [redacted] Street, Grand Haven, Michigan. During the school year, they reside in Michigan State University.

[redacted] and [redacted] were returning to their residence after a speech on campus by Governor Romney, which ended at 2030 hours, 21 May 1964. The time is uncertain, but may be somewhat previous to the sighting above, by perhaps fifteen minutes; it may have been somewhat afterward; 2030 is selected as a median time.

[redacted] and [redacted] were riding a bicycle (tandem) due east across the campus when [redacted] noticed an object just above the trees straight ahead, at an elevation of about 20°. He said, "Hey, look." [redacted] saw it, too. The object was apparently stationary, had a cylindrical shape, and was approximately the size of


- page 74 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

--5--

the full moon. It was bluish or metallic colored, and was surrounded by a blue haze, mixed with white.

According to [redacted] the object remained stationary, tilted toward the South, all this time, and then emitted a brilliant white flash, like a magnesium flare or bomb. Immediately after the flash, the object was gone, and Davis looked about for it but did not see it.

According to [redacted] who looked later and just caught a brief glimpse prior to the white flash, the light did flash a brilliant magnesium white, but then the object traveled at high speed from due east toward the south, finally disappearing behind trees in the west-southwest. The whole movement took about 2.5 seconds.

The object showed no features, but had a definite (elliptical) shape. It was silent.

This sighting was very brief, lasting a total of no more than 3-4 seconds. Little can be learned from it, but [redacted] description tallies with an airborne photo mission, the disc being a "moonlit rotor disc." This is a weak explanation, however, unless the haze can be accounted for. If [redacted] version is taken (and may simply have failed to acquire the moving object after the initial flash), then no explanation in conventional terms can be offered. There is no basis for a choice between the reports.

The sky was reported as cloudless and perfectly clear; in addition, the campus was dark.

[redacted], [redacted], [redacted], announcer at television station WJIM, Jackson, Michigan, and [redacted], proprietor of [redacted], Lansing, were both driving home at 0910 to 0015, Friday, 22 May. Each saw a brilliant blue light to the northeast, traveling steadily down at constant speed and brightness. Then said that the object landed 3-4 miles away.


- page 75 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-36-

and each thought of an airplane in distress. Both immediately began driving
toward the place where the object had seemed to come down. The object was
essentially a point-source, left no trail, and was in sight about ten seconds
maximum.

[Redacted name] described the object as having landed in Scott's Woods, and [redacted name]
described it as having landed to the northeast. At the time the two men were about
three miles apart on a line bearing about 100°. When their lines of sight
are drawn on a map of Lansing, they are parallel within the limits of estimate,
and cannot be made to converge closer than about ten miles away, without making
either of the observers change his description of the direction substantially.

It is concluded that this sighting was of a fireball of unusual color, with
a slight possibility that a blue light was seen descending to the ground, but at
a much greater distance than either witness estimated. The fact that the object
remained bright until it reached the horizon indicates the possibility that it
was seen along a path bearing approximately 030° from Lansing.

The fact that the brightness remained constant may be taken as evidence that
the object was remaining at approximately a constant distance (and hence, actually
travelling straight down) or that the object was moving rapidly away and becoming
brighter fast enough to overcome increasing atmospheric absorption and inverse-
square law dimming. Since the object was described as "brilliant" from the very
start, "the brightest thing I've ever seen," it must have become quite spectacular
to observers along its path as its brightness increased enough to give the impression
of constancy to the two original observers - the chance, therefore, of its having
been observed further northwest, assuming it was a fireball, should be excellent.
Lack of such observations may be given some weight as evidence against the
meteor hypothesis, if none are reported.

[Redacted name] sighting. Early Friday morning, 22 May 1964, at about 0250 to 0300,
[redacted location details]


- page 76 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

--7--

Michigan, on (other Road) were awakened by a roaring noise approaching their house. Both were in bed in the northwest second-floor bedroom of their home. Mr. [redacted] went to the window and looked out across a field to the west of the house, and saw an object fly by at approximately a 10-degree elevation angle, perhaps as low as 5 degrees. By several experimental approaches, the apparent size of the long axis of the object was estimated at about three times that of the full moon, with the size of the full moon being exaggerated to about 6 inches at arm's length, as usual. Mr. [redacted] did not see the object on this pass (another was to occur) but he heard the noise it made. This noise nearly defied description; it was described as a sort of roar, but not like a jet. Mr. [redacted] initially suggested the noise of a Diesel, which this investigator obliquely understood meant the noise made by the tires of a Diesel truck when one is following close behind it at high speed, rather than the sound of a Diesel engine. The general impression, which was never perfectly clear, was of a loud background of noise with the steady whine superimposed. The noise was described as very loud.

Mr. [redacted] pointed out a telephone pole some 300 feet out in the vast field, perhaps fifty feet more than that from the bedroom window, and said that the object apparently passed by at about that distance. He estimated its speed at seventy miles per hour. From the bedroom window, the object could have been seen only through an arc of about thirty degrees at most, owing to trees growing close to the house, one on each side of the window, but not directly in front of it.

At the distance estimated, and at a speed of 103 feet per second, the time of visibility would be approximately 1.5 seconds, undetectably shorter than the six seconds obtained from a re-enact work. If the six seconds is taken as the proper time interval, then the object was traveling back at an angular rate of 5 degrees per second. At the distance of the telephone pole, this would correspond approximately to a linear velocity of about 20 miles per hour. At the distance of the re-enact work, he stated that the speed would have been about 50 feet per hour.


- page 77 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

about 35-40 miles per hour. The actual angle of visibility may be as much at 50 degrees if account is taken of partial visibility through the trees, raising the velocity estimated respectively to be 80 and 35-70 miles per hour. The trajectory was described as apparently normal to the line of sight; if the angle were not normal to the line of sight, the speeds would be raised more.

After the object had disappeared behind trees toward the east or south-east, the source remained awake. In about ten minutes, they heard the same roaring sound again, and this time toward the bedroom window when the object made its second pass. The direction was the same (north to south approximately), but the object was "much farther" away and appeared half as large or less. This time it passed behind the trees at the west end of the field, at an elevation of no more than 3 to 5 degrees. It was still audible, and its shape could still be seen clearly, although it was smaller in apparent size.

Mr. [redacted] saw the object clearly on the first pass; both of them saw it clearly on the second pass. They agreed in describing it as usual (elliptical) with six lights around its edge, one of which was (according to Mr. [redacted] only) white, the remainder being a steady, bright red. These lights were described by Mrs. [redacted] as going on and off like Christmas-tree lights, and as steady by Mr. [redacted]. Mrs. [redacted] saw only the lights during the second lower and more distant pass, while Mr. [redacted] saw them both times, once at much closer range.

Both witnesses described the body of the object as glowing with a single uniform glow; Mrs. [redacted] recalled distinctly that the color was a pale red, and found a red pencil with which to sketch it; she has considerable artistic sense as the decor of their house showed. Her sketch is shown as Fig. B.

On both passes, the object showed an elliptical apparent shape, as if the object were tipped somewhat toward or away from the observers.

Witnesses stated that the object definitely was not a helicopter, as an Air National Guard unit is mentioned just a few miles from the track and site.


- page 78 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-9-

Helicopters both day and night in the area; both witnesses are quite familiar with the appearance and sound of helicopters under day and night conditions, and cannot reasonably be thought to have made the suggested mistake.

Helicopters were flown in that area on the same night, but ceased operations several hours before the sighting.

An estimate of the minimum size of the object can be obtained from knowledge of the resolving power of the dark-adapted eye, and an assumption that the object was just beyond the trees on its second pass and had six equally-spaced lights.

According to the sketches obtained (from Mrs. [REDACTED] - Mr. [REDACTED] drew a plan view rather than a realistic perspective drawing) the minimum distance between the lights corresponds to about 2/3 of the radius of the presumed circular object.

The dark-adapted normal eye can resolve two point sources about 3 minutes of arc apart conformably corresponding roughly to 0.001 radian. If the object was seen just beyond the trees 600 feet to the west, and if the red lights were just separated, then the diameter of the object would have been only 1.8 feet - that is, the report of the witness' seeing the six lights would be credible even if the object were as small as 1.9 feet in diameter and 600 feet away. Clearly, it was not that small, for the lights were not just "resolved" but were seen as definitely separated by (judging from the picture) some 3 to 4 times their own apparent diameter, if not more (the drawing may be intended to show the shape as well as placement of the lights). The object may, indeed, have been 20 feet in diameter, or even more; it does not appear likely that it was smaller than 9 feet in diameter.

An attempt was made to determine the apparent size of the object on its second pass, when both witnesses saw it for a period "much longer" than the first or six seconds of the first pass. The drawing of Fig. 3 was made, and the witnesses requested to signal when it remained this sight, apparent size as the picture was saved away. The distances were 10 feet (Mr. [REDACTED] and 15 feet (Mrs. [REDACTED]); the corresponding size at the minimum possible distance of 500 feet is respectively.


- page 79 -

The sound occurred after she had heard a siren going down the street.
The sound lasted less than 5 minutes. She had the impression that it
disappeared by going up rather than away. The sound gradually faded
out. She husband was asleep and did not hear the noise. When he awoke
at 2030 pm, she informed him of this event. She seemed certain that
the sound came from up in the air and described it as "a top round
up." She also "felt" like someone was watching her. She could feel the
sound more than hear it. Information regarding this sample of leaves
revealed that at 1715 the following day as she took out rubbish to
the incinerator she noticed charred leaves in the garage doorway. A
roof extends above this location. An alley permitting only one car
passes this door. No foliage surrounding the area was charred. No
eaves or any indications of a fire or burned area were near the
leaves. Trees and foliage completely cover the area. It is therefore
assumed that the charred leaves were dropped or carried to this spot by
wind from a source not near the garage. It is possible that the noise
heard by Mrs. _____ was the near-by ______ and other witnesses
in the area during this period. The leaf sample contains no radioactive
or unusual substance.

SIGHTING OF _______ AND _______

From this residence Sgt. Moody proceeded to contact Mr ______
at this restaurant. The _______ and his wife had observed a meteor.
The duration of two seconds and a description that the object looked like
an aircraft in flames circling are in accord with this analysis. Mr _____
had also observed the object at the same time. A check of a
local map and the direction that both reported the object indicates that
their line of sight was parallel to the NE, indicating that the meteor
was a considerable distance away.

Enjoyed an excellent supper and returned to the Hotel Interlake to meet
Bill Powers at the State Police Station in East Lansing on 14 June at 0730.

LANSING, MICH.


- page 80 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-110-

27 feet and 15 feet, for a mean of 21 feet. The accuracy of this technique is questionable, but the dimensions may be kept in mind against future estimates of similar sightings, should any become available.

The principle characteristics of this object are its color (pale red), its shape (elliptical/circular), the lights (red) seen around its edge, and the loud roaring-whining noise it made. Further evaluation is postponed to later in this report.

[Name redacted]. At 2005 hours on 29 May 1964, a Corporal Thornton at the Michigan State Police Headquarters, East Lansing, Michigan, received a call from a woman who said an object (a light) was hovering over her house, "acting crazy," dashing back and forth and looping about. Since the Corporal recognized her given location as being near the police station, he went out the rear entrance and looked to the south, but saw nothing. He did not log the name of the lady, nor does he remember it. After terminating the call, he went back outside, and while looking due south, saw an extremely brilliant white object mass at an elevation of about 20° in a horizontal path from east to west. The object was apparently longer in the north-south dimension than in the east-west direction; its shortest dimension was in the direction of travel. Thornton estimates the length to width ratio as perhaps three or four to one. The longest dimension was given as approximately 3/4 inch at arm's length (the moon, however, was stated to be "5 inches" in diameter at arm's length when full, although it was not noticed that night).

The total time of travel was about three seconds. The brightness of the object is remembered as steady, brighter than Venus, and before the object reached the horizon to the south-west, it winked out suddenly, as if someone had turned the lights off. The start of the trajectory is not known, [text redacted] caught sight of the object to the south while it was approximately at its maximum elevation.

There was no sound.

[Some text at bottom of page is redacted/illegible]


- page 81 -

Subject:

At 2135 hours, a call was received from a [redacted] Village, Michigan State University, East Lansing (about three blocks from the State Police headquarters), reporting a sighting of what appears to be the same object that Thornton saw.

[Redacted] was emphatic about the fact that he had never seen such a strange object in all his life. He was reluctant to talk about it, expressing some regret that he had over "opened his mouth" about it. Investigator had a slight impression that [redacted] was perhaps not mentioning all the reasons he had for thinking that the object was so strange - his apparent agitation seemed out of proportion to the sighting of a bright meteor, but may, of course, have been due only to the fact that his report was being investigated.

[Redacted] and his wife were interviewed. These witnesses had been riding in an open convertible about three miles south-west of [redacted] location, at about the same time (shortly after 2100), and were on an interchange of Interstate 96 at the Cedar Street entrance, headed south. Mr. [redacted], a pre-medical student, just finishing his senior year, saw the object for the longest time; his wife, alerted by his exclamation, just caught a glimpse of it before it winked out.

[Redacted] said that the object was coming from his left and was due south when he first noticed it. Its elevation was between 20 and 30 degrees. It was judged later to be as bright as Venus, perhaps brighter (Venus was approximately magnitude -4) and of nearly the same color, a clear white. The object moved to the west through an arc of about thirty degrees, taking about three seconds.

At the end of this time, the light suddenly cut off, with the object was still traveling through clear sky well above the horizon and clear of trees. Witness described it as if someone had turned a light off, or even more as if the light had rotated behind something.

If a minimum velocity for a meteor is taken as about 25,000 feet per second.


- page 82 -

Here is the text from the document:

--12--

then for the object to travel thirty degrees in three seconds, or ten degrees per second, it would have to have been about 25 miles away, even with an elevation of thirty degrees (an upper limit) it would have been only about 13 or 14 miles high. In order for the meteor, if it was such, to have been at a more proper height, the line of sight distance would have to be at least four to six times the distance just calculated, and the velocity would have to have been very high, perhaps 20 to 30 miles per second.

The sudden cessation of light, with no trail left behind, no shattering into smaller pieces, and no fading of the glow, suggests either an extremely high velocity meteor of small size which was completely consumed before it could lose velocity significantly, or the more interesting possibility of a meteor of larger size and very high velocity which "skipped" in and out of the atmosphere.

Unfortunately, both [redacted] and [redacted] caught sight of the object when it was due south, so no correlation of starting points is possible, and could not remember very closely how far the object went before it winked out, except to say that the trajectory ended "in the southwest." He reported the same duration of 2 to 3 seconds. Within the limits of the estimates, with [redacted] being the better one, the lines of slight were parallel when the light went off indicating a large distance. The same limits of error, however, would permit the light to be as close as 6 miles, travelling, however, at a speed of one mile per second. At such a speed, low in the atmosphere, any material object would be visible at night by virtue of its high skin temperature, and the light could not cease abruptly.

The [redacted] initially reported that the object returned from the west soon after they pulled off the road to look around. They descended on their own, however, by returning to the same scene the next time, that the object "returned" was the planet Venus (it was in an entirely different part of the sky), and so


- page 83 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

--13--

reported during the personal interview. The similarity in brightness and color had misled them.

Final note: If the cutoff point had been on a line of sight passing through both observers, then no horizontal triangulation is meaningful. Elevation angles estimates are too uncertain to permit estimates.

With fair probability, the object may be taken to have been a fast, bright meteor, a fireball, far to the south and some miles high. If so, it could have been seen in northern central Indiana, and would have been brightest somewhere over the Indiana-Michigan border.

The object seen by [redacted] could not have been the same as the one reported by the anonymous caller to have been "over her house," because the lady's house was somewhere between [redacted] and the [redacted]. Unfortunately, no further information is available on this latter object.

[Redacted], Michigan, called this investigator to report that he had seen a light at 0030 moving almost directly overhead, from west to east, taking approximately five minutes to move from straight overhead to its fade-out point in the east. It made no noise, was half the brightness of Jupiter, and every now and then wavered in direction. This is clearly Echo I, the wavering being a practically universal optical illusion. Ayotte emphasized to everyone that he had a small telescope; on questioning, it turned out that he did not actually try to see the object through the telescope.

Ayotte is a student at MSU. Bay City is about 100 miles northeast of Lansing.

[Redacted] sighting. At 0300, 25 May 1964, [redacted], Fire Chief of the Delta County Fire Department (located on Saginaw Highway halfway between Lansing and Grand Ledge) was awakened by a loud roaring noise, which sounded very close and did not seem to be moving and [redacted] out his bedroom window, and saw the front yard and driveway lit up as "bright as day." The chief...


- page 84 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-14-

jumped into his pants (just a few seconds required, as explained, owing to his profession), and went down to the fire engine garage and out the door. He had thought that the light came from a ground vehicle, but no source could be seen.

Then he looked up, and saw a blinding white light-source, large in diameter like a search-light, definitely not a point source or a small headlight-sized object.

This light from this object was illuminating a circle on the ground extending across the highway into the fields, with a radius estimated by the chief (and checked by illuminated landmarks) of 500 feet. The [redacted] being elderly, explained that he could see nothing further after he looked up and saw the light, because he is susceptible to night-blindness; the light turned off almost immediately after he saw it, and he could see nothing for a considerable time afterwards.

All during the experience, the noise kept up a steady roar, and after the light went out, the sound seemed to move straight up and then off to the east, toward Lansing, just about directly down the highway. The Chief had difficulty describing the noise - he kept saying that it had been extremely loud, and that he had never heard anything like it before, it definitely could not have been an aircraft sound, jet or helicopter. The light was on for three or four minutes (time judgment checked out) altogether, and was described as being so bright that it made the [redacted] stagger back. He did not feel any heat.

Practically every word for a loud noise was tried out, and was still not quite right. Finally the investigator, who had just previously come across a similar case (see [redacted] sightings) made a noise at about D above middle C, a steady and loud falsetto note with a "burr" in it, which represented his best judgment of what the others had heard; the [redacted] looked astonished and said, "You wouldn't believe it, how close that is to what I heard!" He remarked several times how surprised he was that the exact sound should have been reproduced so closely.

The [redacted] then mentioned several other people in the area who had had similar experiences; the other investigator will report on those sightings.

Further evaluation is deferred to the end of this report.


- page 85 -

Here is the text from the document:

--15--

9. Sighting. At about 0300, 1 June, 1964, Miss ________, age 14, was at a cottage at Crystal Lake, 60 miles northwest of Lansing, with her mother and 10-year old sister. Lota was studying history in the cottage living room when she heard a loud roaring sound. She looked out the front window which overlooks the lake to the North, and saw a bright flash of light near an island some 200 yards out. The noise immediately ceased, and, after a moment, ________ went back to studying. About ten minutes later, she again heard the sound, this time from the south, apparently. The noise gradually became louder and louder, wakening the younger sister. The younger sister became very frightened, and tried to arouse Mrs. ________, who is a very sound sleeper. Being unsuccessful, the younger girl climbed into bed with her mother and took no further part in the observations.

________ saw the front (north) yard of the cottage light up brightly, as well as the yards bordering it on each side. The noise was now extremely loud, and when ________ opened the window to look out, it became so loud that she had to cover her ears. While she was at the window, an "enormous" circular object sailed into view over her head, going north toward the lake. Its lower side was so bright that after five to ten seconds, ________ eyes began to water. The object went smoothly out across the lake, the light from its underside illuminating the water and then the island as the light passed over it. It was difficult to make out any details about the shape of the object because its circular bottom side was so brilliant but ________ says she got an impression of some kind of projection on top, possibly dome-shaped, and of another projection on the bottom around the light, possibly rectangular. The object seemed to be no more than four cottage-heights above the ground, and passed low over the island at about the same altitude. It did not shimmer or "burn" as it went, but seemed to keep the same face forward. The noise never cut off, but only faded out.

________ was initially questioned by her father, who said that he fully impressed her with the seriousness of making a false report. ________ said that he


- page 86 -

Here is the text from the document:

-16-

had spent several years in the Air Force, and knew about project Blue Book.

The morning after the sighting (actually the same day) I... said
pick out on the family Hammond Organ the high note also said the object
made. The note picked was D above Middle C, which was the note later used by this
investigator during the... interview (his sighting had been a week before).

There was a roaring noise, but the predominant, and potentially loud sound was this
one note.

... said that he had tried to estimate the size of the object from
description of it and his knowledge of the distance of the island, and
came out with a diameter of roughly forty feet. From the time the noise began,
the second time until the time that the light disappeared behind trees low in
the North was estimated at about twenty seconds. The noise definitely could be
heard getting louder and louder for several seconds - perhaps five - before the
light appeared in the front yard. The velocity was described as "not fast."

Immediately after the sighting, ... found herself completely alone, and
was extremely frightened. She went outside, since she could not awaken her mother,
to see if any other lights were on or if anyone else had come out to see what was
happening, but found no one; all the cottages were dark. In fact, nearly every-
one else had already returned home after the weekend, and most of the cottages
were deserted.

This interview was conducted entirely by telephone; unfortunately when
the investigators went to Lansing, the ... could not be reached by telephone,
and they were probably gone for the weekend.

... volunteered to return to the cottage and inspect the island; he
also said he would contact a local supermarket owner who knows new residents
of the area, to see if he had heard of any other people who might have seen or
heard the phenomenon.

It is unfortunate that ... could not arrange the only nearby adult
to corroborate her story; later investigations, already cited, however, are all...


- page 87 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

--17--

considerable credence to her report. Further evaluation is delayed to the end of this report.

10. [Redacted]. On 13 June, 1964, at about 2215 hours, [Redacted], Grand Ledge, Michigan, and [Redacted], of [Redacted], Grand Ledge, both fifteen or sixteen years old, were at a party on Broadbent Road about one half mile off Saginaw Highway, between Grand Ledge and Lansing. They were leaving the party, and Miss [Redacted] was driving, with Miss [Redacted] beside her in the front seat. The car had just pulled out of the driveway and was about to head north toward Saginaw when both girls thought they saw approaching headlights.

The light came closer, and it was apparent that it was not a car, but a large glowing shape which filled the road from side to side. Miss [Redacted] stopped the car, when she saw that the object had stopped. It appeared to glow with a very white light for a few seconds, dimmed considerably, but smoothly, and then rose again to maximum brightness for several seconds. It then disappeared, without moving. While it was shining, it seemed as if there were light inside it, that couldn't get out, according to the girls. They could not see the road through it, or cars passing by on Saginaw Road through the small opening that was visible about half a mile away. Right after the object disappeared, cars could be seen passing, as well as a neon sign on a distant bowling alley.

Investigators visited the scene with the girls and Miss [Redacted] parents.

The girls showed where several of the boys from the party had looked for traces and thought they had seen marks in the grass and on the ground. The girls, who were very frightened, had not looked themselves, and it was dark at the time, so the boys had not been sure whether they found anything or not.

The location of the glowing object was found to be about 475 feet from the place where the car was stopped; the headlights on low beam (as they had been) alone on the road about 100 feet in front of the car. The estimated original position of the object when first seen was about 150 feet further north on Broadbent.


- page 88 -

Here is the text from the document:

--18--

toward Saginaw Highway, or 625 feet away plus the 90 feet the car moved before stopping.

Investigators found no traces of anything unusual on the road over a distance of about 0.2 mile. There were some faint footprints from horses, and some marks where a car's tire had spun and kicked up some loose dirt (the road was graded out not paved). This tire-mark may have been what the boys saw, or may have been made by their own car as they returned south down the road.

The other investigator, Sgt. Moody, is pursuing the matter further, since just beyond the dense masses lining both sides of the road, on the north side, standing water was noticed, near the spot where the object was supposed to have been, on the east side of the road. It was thought that some fog might have blown across the road and might have been illuminated by reflection from the headlights.

The shape of the object, drawn before the field trip to the location, corresponds very closely to the opening that can be seen between and under the busses and trees that partially covering the road. Anything beyond and larger than this space, such as a drifting cloud of fog, would, of course, take on the shape of the opening, flat on the bottom and a slightly flattened dome on top. If possible, Sgt. Moody hopes to experiment with headlight reflections on any fog that might appear, or at least determine if fog does arise shortly after dark.

The girls possibly saw a patch of fog drifting across the road, if that is not the case, no other interpretation other than the description itself can be offered.

The girls gave every indication of believing their story to be true, and their parents verified that they had appeared very frightened that night.


- page 89 -

Condensed summary of sightings in chronological order:

1. The Site. Reports of strange noises, looping blue light. Almost certainly result of emergency police car run at same time, 0300, 21 May 1964, Lansing.

2. 2030 EST, 21 May 1964. Elliptical object, bluish, surrounded by white haze, mated, stationary, white light, no motion. Possible helicopter photo mission with strobe light; possible relation with night Lansing.

3. 2100 EST, 21 May 1964. Object circled overhead with extremely loud buzzing sound containing loud single note, turned on light after a few seconds with no extreme bright. Emitted puff of smoke. Then off that out of sight. Lansing area, Lansing.

4. 0010-0015 EST, 22 May 1964. Observers, three miles away, saw brilliant blue light, constant intensity, moving straight down, apparently. Possible helicopter, both car to northeast. Possible helicopter, with exception of constant intensity maintained over entire flight path. Lansing - East Lansing.

5. 0300 EST, 22 May 1964. Elliptical object flew at low altitude and very slow speed, with reddish tint. Came in low arc, very low and one white light, now have had reddish tint on body. Made very loud roaring noise, somewhat like diesel truck tires at high speed. Did not have bright lights. Not helicopter, only to witness? Williamston area, 7 miles north of Grand Ledge, 14 miles northwest of Lansing.

6. 2105 EST, 23 May 1964. State Policeman and MSU college student saw brilliant white light moving east for 3-3 seconds, then suddenly winking out. Total angular motion, about 30 degrees. Possibly a distant meteor, but extremely high speed required. Whoopee described elliptical shape, short dimension along line of travel. Brightness like Venus. East Lansing-Lansing.

7. 0030 EST, 25 May 1964. Witness saw light moving from near zenith to horizon, west-east in about 5 minutes. Evaluation: Echo I. Bay City, Michigan.

8. 0302, EST, 25 May 1964. Loud rushing noise, high-pitched tone at about 500 cps, was heard. Followed by bright illumination of 500-foot radius circle in front of Delta County Firehouse. Witness went outside, saw blinding white, increasing to 1 high-source light, witness last night, slightly west out after total of 3-4 minutes, noise moved up the east and faded away. Noise of corroborative witnesses still under investigation. Between Lansing and Grand Ledge.

9. 0300 EST, 1 June 1964. 11-year-old girl heard noise, saw bright flash on land in lake near cottage where she was staying. 10 minutes later, heard loud rushing noise, then another noise. 200 cps, became painfully loud and front yard brightly illuminated. Disc-shaped object then appeared from behind and overhead, went north over lake, illuminating sky. Island, Holt and light continued until object went out of sight before treeline. Clearly seen for several minutes. 20 miles northwest of Lansing.

10. 2215 EST, 13 June 1964. Two teenage girls leaving party near three country road lined with undergrowth saw white dome-shaped object. Stopped, got out, object was bright, no motion, then went transparent. Transparent.


- page 90 -

On 14 Jun at 0730 am Sgt Moody met with Bill Powers at the Michigan State Police Headquarters in East Lansing, Michigan. We talked with Corporal Thornton of Michigan State Police regarding his observation of a meteor (report of sighting to be covered in Bill Powers report).

We then proceeded to Grand Ledge, Michigan. Prior to our appointment with Mr and Mrs we stopped for breakfast in Grand Ledge arranging our agenda to include:

1. Interview with Mr and Mrs
2. Interview with and

Enroute to the residence, which is almost 6 miles from Grand Ledge on a farm, we contacted the Army Michigan National Guard, 46th Aviation Battalion, at Grand Ledge. This organization has three types of helicopters, some with the bubble canopy. They also have photo chips and a high-wing Mohawk. They do not fly night photo missions and do not have infra-red radar equipment. Operations are conducted almost every Saturday and Sunday (VFR) and all residents in the area should be familiar with these craft. Information from other sources of this organization indicated that the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor was conducting night photo missions. Also, the Aerophoto service at Capitol City Airport might have information regarding other photo missions in the area.

SIGHTING OF MR AND MRS

At 0330 am on Friday morning, 22 May 64, Mr and Mrs reported that an unusual object was observed from their upstairs bedroom window. Mrs first attracted to the object by a roar. She woke her husband and they observed a circular object of soft reddish gold color with four red lights flashing on and off and one stationary white light on its perimeter. This observation lasted less than one minute. The object moved across a field about 300 - 400 feet from their point of observation. Stars were out and no moon. No wings or other features were noted on the object.

About ten minutes later the object reappeared crossing the same field. This time the object was tilted at an angle slightly higher in the rear. Flight was from right to left (toward Lansing), and away from the observers. Again, the duration was short, less than one minute. The size was estimated at 30 to 50 feet. Time of the first sighting was about 0330 am, second observation was at 0305 am. The sound during the second observation was described as sharp and pitched while, compared to the roar of tires on a diesel truck on a highway.


- page 91 -

Here is the text from the document:

--20--

or transducent. Filled opening in growth around and over road, so may have been
because of low cloud swamp area. Most off road near position of "C" test. Invest-
igation to be completed by Capt. Moody.'

COMMENT: Sightings 4,7,and 10 appear to be reasonably well accounted
for, or else little hope of a final clear answer.

Sightings 3,5,8,and 9 appear to be of the same phenomenon, with a small
possibility that sightings 2 and 6 are connected (although these latter two are
possibly separate).

[Several words are blacked out/redacted]

and vicinity; this object was capable of at least slow flight, had no visible
means of propulsion (this is true, of course, of an earlier jet), made a noise
described as strange and very loud, presumably a high-pitched note at about
500 cps or perhaps lower at times, and carried an extremely bright, large-diameter
light-source which could be turned on and off at will, or a continuous bright
The object did have the flight characteristics of a helicopter, but the noise it
made could only be explained in imagination by a man-made phenomenon.
The light was extremely powerful when seen "on", and was not either a flare or a
searchlight, or a small-fanfared spotlight. One "hypothesis that might account
for the very loud noise is that the powerful light-source required a high speed
turbine-driven generator which is very noisy. At the time of this report, there
is reason to expect that the object must be a highly unusual nature. The fact
that it has been seen only at night, and usually very late at night, indicates
(1) that its location was within photographic or some sort, or (b) that its
presence is not meant to be too easily observable.

There is no evidence to indicate the origin or true nature of the vehicle,
or object, but its existence appears incontrovertible.


- page 92 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be almost entirely blank or illegible. There is a very faint small rectangular mark or stamp in the bottom right corner, but the text is not readable. The page seems to be a scanned document with a white/gray background and some very slight variations in shading, but no discernible text can be extracted.


- page 93 -

Michigan State Police
CASE SUPERVISION SHEET

Complaint No. 14-1501-64
File Class No.
Date of Original Complaint 2-22-64

Nature of Complaint UFO

DATE    OFFICER    ACTION

2-22-64  (Redacted)    (Redacted) (1969) Eaton Rapids
                        (one mile North of E. Rapids) DK 6555. Called at 9:34 PM
                        reported that for the past 45 minutes she had watched a
                        flashing or rotating red light directly west of her home.
                        It seemed to move from one star north, then back toward
                        this one star. In would be stationary for a couple of
                        seconds, move either up or down then north and back
                        toward that one star. Was far away and high. No sound.

6-5-64   (Redacted)    A two by name (Redacted) from TU 2-1501 reports are
                        being in object appeared. About size of large star only much
                        brighter and traveling extremely erratically. Some people
                        of miles that at same and traveling in NE direction. Visi-
                        about 1 minute approx. 94,425. Disappeared as though some
                        ground lights or low cloud, no clouds. Questioning in-
                        dicate this was near Lansing. Navada, near Lansing, and air-
                        plane.

6-13-64  (Redacted)    (Partially illegible statistical/administrative section)

LANSING, MICH.

(Bottom of page contains some additional partially illegible text about location and dates)


- page 94 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

(Top left header appears to be partially obscured/blacked out)

(Top right appears to be: (U DA 255-1234))

OBSERVED ONE:

While south of Dimondale, flying at a 45 degree angle, spotted a disc description. Flying at about 45 degrees, white disc, disc was motionless, flying at a low altitude of this object.

(Signature section at bottom reads:)
For Emergency, Wright Patterson Air Force
Ext 69216 and Special.

OC-18

Note: Some text appears partially illegible or blacked out, so I have only transcribed the clearly readable text.


- page 95 -

EXTRACT LANSING CITY POLICE LOG

The following reports of UFO's were extracted from the Lansing
City Police Log by Sgt David H Moody and William Powers on
13 June 1964.

1. 21 May 64, at 0302 am, [redacted text], report of Landing.
Heard noise from elephants in Logan shopping Center.

2. 21 May 64, at 955 pm, [redacted text], 15 yrs
old saw Flying Saucer at Prospect and Clifford. Bright with
15 foot diameter.

3. 23 May 64, Saturday at 0300 am, [redacted text], etc...

4. 23 May 64, Saturday at 1233 am, [redacted text]
reported UFO.


- page 96 -

M/R: TSgt Moody called on 15 Jun 64

About 15 different sightings all wrapped up but one. (Many photo runs, extremely loud noise, bright light)

1. Wants Marilyn to check with ADC Liaison Radar plots from Lansing area May 21, 22, 23, 31 - 1 Jun, 2100 - 0500 hours. (Capt Will give them to us as soon as he can and he is getting with 16, so good).

2. Wants Captain Quintanilla to call Selfridge AFB to see if they have any knowledge of military a/c using Lansing area as target. Also see if any military or photo missions in this area.

3. FAA in Detroit took over Lansing sometime between 0200 - 0300, 22 May 64. Check with them for flights.

4. Wants Marilyn to call Helen and give short summary of happenings. One small release for newspaper there is going out. Locally... Just interested in a local release. Will do an article for Sunday's paper. That gives us enough time to prepare for it.

Sgt Moody will be back tomorrow sometime, He hopes.

1. Negative unknowns on Radar.
2. Nothing from Selfridge.
3. Did not check. Not necessary since operation confirmed at Lansing.
4. OK


- page 97 -

17 Jun 64, summary of conversation between Frank Hand reporter, Lansing, Michigan and Capt Q and Sgt Moody.

What is happening in regards to Grand Ledge sighting?

Two sightings 1 & 2
1. Was an aircraft
2. A reflection from fog.

1. Between two and three on the night of the sighting IFR flights in that area were closed to Lansing tower. They were monitored by Detroit. This was a classified mxxx project. Roger Snowberger was in tower at Lansing. Said he saw lots of planes. These were all low level flights.

2. Very intriguing. Just a hypothesis, but reasonable, a swamp on one side, plowed field on other, weather everything matches up to be a reflection off of the fog.

Asked him to send us a copy of his article which he will do.

These sightings, are they pretty much par for the course. T Yes, it is etc.,. Do these sightings run in cycles. Yes, weather has been right for it, summer time. Quite mxl a bit of activity intriques the peoples curiosity making more.

ixx The tower operators at Lansing get quite a few calls themselves so they just go ahead and answer them at time of call. Usually Venus, meteors etc.

1. Flight over Grand Ledge was at 3 am Fri morning, 22 May 64.

Equipment had turbine motor that made a white noise which drowned out noise of a/c engines. Are we ever told, say New Mexico, more information of what really was. We have no need to know usually and as long as they say they had something over that area flitting that description we leave it at that.


- page 98 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Sgt McKlatchen, ext 240 of the International Guard
Kellogg Mich, Custodyl ATC called on 9 Jun 64.

Flight path of phto plane:
Plane was a R3-57A
Pilot: Major Michael L Moore
Attached to Battlecreek International Guard,
Battlecreek, Michigan.

His flight was from El Paso, Texas to Selfridge Mich.
He flew direct from Kellogg, IA to Selfridge arriving
1940 local, EST. (31 May-1 June)

He departed Selfridge to Tinker at 204C EST leaving
on the North side in a Northerly direction. He
went from Carlton to Dayton to Indianapolis and back
to Tinker.

Capt Brethauer, ADC Liaison Officer, ext 71155/52276

checked the Radar for Lansing Michigan area on the
nights of 21, 22, 23, 31 - 1 Jun, 2100 - 0500 hrs.

Reports are held only two days unless something unusual
had been sighted on radar. Nothing unusual sighted,
therefore, records were not kept.

[Right side administrative notes with various reference numbers and "Negative" markings]

20152 Navy Liaison CDR ROUNTREE, Mc Donald out of St Louis only Local A/C flying photo
Missions.

TA 50343 461-4970 Rocketdyne referred to 461-4823 Mr Hawser... Negative.

North American at Columbus (Lockbourne) Negative flights Fly DAY missions now. Did have a few night photo flights 2-3 weeks ago. No Intra Red. Use strobe....

Michigan Army National Guard 46th AVN EN Grand Lodge, M/Sgt Head, Maj Ballans Piper cubs
WIPY No photo. High wing monoplanes and 3 types of holes (bubbles). No photo.


- page 99 -

DISPATCH 100
INBOUND

DATE: MAY 21 1964

[Columns include: ACFT, IDENT, TYPE, FROM, V/I, ETA, F/B, INT, ACA, POWER, PSB]

Rows include:
- AG 00785   C-47   R/L   2000   2000   HO   1948   GS   HE   STRAND RAWN MCDONALD
- AWARD 67 "" B-57   MCO   2145   2045   HE   1214   -    -    STEINERT ROSDOLT

OUTBOUND

[Columns include: ACFT, IDENT, TYPE, TO, V/I, ADD, SKE, ETA, F/B, INT, ACA, DEP, POWER, PSB]

Rows include:
- AG 00785   C-47   DNJ   1/1/9   0415   1500   1979   OG   OG   -    -    STRAND RAWN MCDONALD
- AWARD 67 ""       MCO   1/29   0415   1014   1114   HG   HG   -    -    STEINERT ROSDOLT
- ""   09 ""        DTW   1/26   1400   1726   1936   HG   HG   100  -    HE   JOHNSTON
- ACRO 79   B-57    HTI   1/1/3   1400   2133   2313   HG   HG   -    -    -

(OPS FORM 19 ( 5 October 1963 ))


- page 100 -

Here is the text from the document:

LOCAL FLIGHT LOG
DD FORM 1060 FLIGHTS - BATTLE CREEK AIR NATIONAL GUARD BASE 2 - BATTLE CREEK, MICHIGAN - DATE MAY 21 1964

The document appears to be a flight log with columns for:
- ACT. DUTY.
- PILOT + NAVIGATOR
- AID
- STS
- ETA
- PUB
- WHEN
- DISP
- ATCH
- ACTUAL
- DIST
- REMARKS

Some of the names/entries visible include:
- Arnold
- Sneed/Dziadowski
- Smith
- Gebhart
- Samper
- House
- Lloyd
- Pond/Donovan
- Winegoff

The document is a detailed flight log from the Battle Creek Air National Guard Base dated May 21, 1964.


- page 101 -

Subsequent to their observation they had received numerous telephone calls from others in the area who had observed an aerial the same or a similar object. These included [redacted] children who observed the object, this [redacted] (nearby farmers) who heard the object and described the sound as extremely loud. They recalled a call from a nurse at the Irgram medical center, who said that she and a maternity patient had observed the object. Also, a [redacted] Township Fire Marshall, had observed the object that same night.

It should be noted that [redacted] had a child a few months old and was the one that was awakened by the noise. The noise of the object did not disturb the sleeping child. Also, Mr [redacted] is Fire Marshall and is stunned to awaken at a bell, siren or telephone.

SIGHTING OF BUSTER ROCKHART

Following the interview with Mr and Mrs [redacted] Sgt Moody and Bill [redacted] proceeded to the home of Canal Station Fire Bar in Grand Ledge, Michigan (about three miles East of Grand Ledge), to interview Mr [redacted] on the night of 25 May at about 0330 hrs. He was awakened by a high pitch, shrill hum. He looked out the window and observed an object over Saginaw Highway. A light coming from the bottom of the object lit up the yard and an area about 1000 feet in diameter. The light went out as the object proceeded along a path above Saginaw Highway. For a brief period after the light went out Mr [redacted] could not see the object but followed its flight by the sound. This loss of sight was attributed to the effects of having observed a very bright light.

Mr [redacted] gave no estimation on the altitude of the object. The light was sufficiently bright for him to see the ground across the road. From the initial time when he was awake until the object had disappeared in the East no more than three to four minutes had elapsed. Mr [redacted] also reported that several people in the area had talked with him about hearing the noise and had complained about noises causing their dogs to become upset.

SIGHTING OF LINDA CAMPBELL AND BONNIE BANCROFT

Following the interview with [redacted] Sgt Moody and Bill [redacted] proceeded to the home of [redacted] in Grand Ledge, Michigan for an interview concerning her observation on the night of 13 Jun 64 and carried in the local newspapers on 14 Jun. During the interview it was apparent that the sighting was not related to those of objects with noise observed during the latter part of May. About 2215 local time on 13 [redacted] and [redacted] were returning from a [redacted] as they departed in their car they turned on to a road leading


- page 102 -

Here is the text from the document:

LOCAL FLIGHT LOG
DU FORM 1080 FLIGHTS * BATTLE CREEK AIR NATIONAL GUARD BASE * BATTLE CREEK, MICHIGAN * DATE MAY 21 1964

The document appears to be a flight log with columns for:
- ACFT (Aircraft) IDENT
- PILOT + NAVIGATOR/AID
- AID
- ETA
- FLT (Flight) TIME
- OTR
- DISP (Disposition)
- POWER
- REMARKS

The log contains several entries with names like:
- Snoe/Drewnosk
- Smith
- Cheshunt
- Schlack
- House
- Lloyd
- Pfund/Gustafson
- O'Boyle

The document is dated MAY 21 1964 and is from Battle Creek Air National Guard Base.


- page 103 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

DISPATCH LOG

DATE: MAY 21 1964-

[INBOUND section]
ACFT. IDENT. TIME   FROM    W/T   ETA   P/F   DTH   ATA   POWER   POS   REMARKS
AG00715     C-47   BNL     2000   2000   HG    14/8   63   HE     -     STROUD KANN MCDONALD
AWARD 07     B-57   MCO     -      2045   NE    12/4   -    -     -     STEINER ROSCOE

[OUTBOUND section]
ACFT. IDENT. TIME   TO     W/T   AND   DTH   ETA   P/F   DEP   ATA   POWER   POS   REMARKS
AG00715     C-47   DTW     M     1/9   OHS   1/4   1/9   CG    CG    -     -     -     STROUD KANN MCDONALD
AWARD 07    B-57   MCO     -     1/9   AHS   1/4   1/8   HG    HG    -     -     -     STEINER ROSCOE
"    07     -      DTW     J     1/9   1/00   1/6   1/8   HG    HG    1/00  -     NE    WINSTON
AWARD 77    B-52   HTI     -     1/9   1/40   2/03   1/3   HG    HG    -     -     -     -

Bottom of page notes:
JOB FORM # 9  ( 5 October 1963)


- page 104 -

Here is the text from the document:

LOCAL FLIGHT LOG

130 FGMB 1080 FRIDAYS - BATTLE CREEK AIR NATIONAL GUARD BASE - BATTLE CREEK, MICHIGAN - DATE MAY 22 1964

[The document contains a table with columns for:
ACT. DIST. PILOT - NAVIGATOR AIR RTE PTA FUEL DISP WAIT ATA DISP REMARKS

Partially filled rows include:
- ASNRO 05 Wolfberg Chine 1458 420 1726 370 SA 9m 1771 SA 9m
- ASNRO 06 Reel - USAFS 1453 200 205 330 ES 010 - 2091 ES -

- ASNRO 07 Janes 620 250 0330 0/10 OK TP 830 PK TP
- " 10 Klapp Bennett 0218 210 0330 300 PK TP 838 PK TP
- " 04 Carson Barret 0038 220 0330 400 PK TP 838 PK TP
- " 05 Guess Strand 0026 210 0330 410 PK TP 838 PK TP
- " 06 Geer 0032 230 0332 320 PK TP 838 PK TP
- " 06 Walters Strand 0037 270 0334 330 PK TP 0332 PK TP

Bottom of page notes: OCD FORM ( 5 OCTOBER 1963 )


- page 105 -

DISPATCH LOG

DATE: MAY 22, 1964

INCOMING section:
- AMGRD 09TH B-57 D714 1/1982 1620 MG 1549 SA MG - Johnston
- AE 2580X C-131 BLY 1/1835 2217 CG 1618 SYS MISC 1650 - NEXT DIST HAS PEO
- AMGRD 00 B-57 MLO 1/1700 1805 MO 1630 SM CG - CGI

OUTBOUND section is blank/empty

Bottom of form notes:
- GPO FORM 19 (9 October 1963)
- Appears to have additional markings/stamps in bottom right corner


- page 106 -

Here is the text from the document:

LOCAL FLIGHT LOG

TO: 1030 FLIGHTS "A" BATTLE CREEK AIR NATIONAL GUARD BASE • BATTLE CREEK, MICHIGAN • DATE: MAY 22, 1964

[The document contains a table with columns for:
ACFT. IDENT., PILOT - NAVIGATOR, A/C, SYS, ETA, FUEL, HOUR, DISP, MATH, A/A, POWER, DISP, REMARKS]

The table includes several entries with partial information filled in, such as:
- Helding, Oliver
- Rand - Weeks
- Jones
- Riggs, Bernard
- Gross, Ernest
- Byers, Strand
- Hoff
- Vandyke, Ernest

The bottom of the page shows "(5 October 1963)" and appears to be a form or log sheet for tracking flight information.


- page 107 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

DISPATCH LOG
INCOMING

DATE: MAY 22 1964

Top section (Incoming) contains:
ACCT. IDENT. TYPE FROM VI ECA P/R DIR ATN POWER PSB REMARKS
AWARD 09TH 857 DTN X 1950 1520 1915 1945 5M MG - Johnston
X AE25884 -6131 BLV 1125 2217 CG 1612 5M 5M 1645 NEXT DEST HIS PGO
AWARD 08TH 857 MUG 1700 1805 MG 1618 5M CG - Cap

Bottom section (Outgoing) is blank

Footer: ORD FORM 19 ( 5 October 1963 )


- page 108 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Echo I

B-08     68321/68322
8-08     8660
Coords. 51°18' - NO-
Teen Rpts-
RASSF - BLDG 25

22 1ST F-3
KLUTE/2087
INTEL     26 JAN 64
LAZELL, poss


- page 109 -

James Wheeler
Orville Turner
Call Detroit Center
KL 5-57 - 865
Call Chicago Center

Negotiating
Dunkel
3/26/7
Fern ASD


- page 110 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

U512

Mc Naughton
Lansing 12 Mich

Constellation Corp
Ann Arbor Mich

Some other text appears to be present but is illegible or partially obscured. The document contains hand-drawn sketches and diagrams, but as instructed, I will only transcribe the readable text.


- page 111 -

WED AUG
NIGHT 20 TT 5/29/64

0050 EST
0 50 EST

5 0305 EST
0405 EST

JUGAN 2ND FLIGHT
DETAIL

RED BEAM IN TOP AFT-CABIN
STANDARD THING LIGHTS
PEEN OCC LANDING LIGHTS
RETURN

1102 5PD1

CAGING

WKRM ESD


- page 112 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

to Saginaw Highway. As they turned onto the road from the driveway
both girls observed a light which they thought to be a car coming
towards them. However, they realized that it was not a car because
there were no bright lights shining towards them. The girls stopped
the car and the light stopped. Of particular interest was the description
of the light. It was about 5 - 6 foot high and covered with of the
road. There was no object observed, just a light with no rays whatever.
The light did not cast a glow on nearby trees. Total duration of the
observation was no more than fifteen seconds. The inter portion of
the light dimmed, one second after the first observation in intensity when
the light dimmed, two seconds staying dimmed and one second getting
brighter again. At this time the light disappeared completely. The
strange light frightened the girls and they went home and reported
their observation to their parents. It was decided that a visit to
the scene would be helpful. Sgt Moody and Mr Powers were accompanied
to the scene by the observers and both observers, Mr and Mrs. Moody
mined that the shape of the object formed with an opening in the
trees through which the road passed. Adjacent to this opening was
a small body of water with vegetation. Distances were measured from
the car to the objects location where it first appeared and where it
stopped, as well as the distance where the car turned on to the road
and was stopped. Measurements of the distance that the car lights
beams ended on the road were noted. The theory that the sighting
was a reflection of the car lights on fog developed. Sgt Moody
planned to return that night if weather conditions remained same,
to determine if this was the presence of ground fog from this pond.

INVESTIGATIVE INFORMATION

From the Grand Ledge sighting of _______ and
Sgt Moody processed to Capitol City near Lansing,
Michigan. Contact was made with Abrams Photo Service and was informed
that no night missions were being flown locally during the period of
unusual observations in the Lansing Area.

The FAA was contacted regarding local flights on the night of May
22nd and information on Turbo Prop aircraft operating in the area
obtained. General Motors has three Nurbo Props, Convair Model 5L,
Twin Engine. These Planes did not fly during the period in question.
United Airlines as one Turbo Prop flying scheduled flights. This did
not coincide with the reported sightings. No Turbo Props in the area
around _______ an Army Nowark Nurbo Prop flying an occasional VFR
mission. None were noted at FAA logs. Only one flight was contacted
on the FAA logs and this flight December arrived at 2054 local and departed
Lansing at 0124 local, flight Number was FAA 69, G-119 on local flight
to South Bend, Indiana, home station Selfridge AFB.


- page 113 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
WED 20 May

2. Time of day:
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle Only) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
LANSING city MICHIGAN State/County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain: Hours
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined?

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

Seconds
3 min before light

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.


- page 114 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

a. As a light
b. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Three-inch

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

a. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 115 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, just increasingly thin went off, then
Through US Air as Disappears

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: Gliding Vertically

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Buzzer Steady tone
b. Color:

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. (If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
More than half

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially any actual trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
1/2 edge moon


- page 116 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Slowing → 218

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   [handwritten text appears to read: "something else plus flying or near"]

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other [blank]

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other [blank]

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank] miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other [blank]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw

[Handwritten text appears to read: "Nothing, slowed etc. down or out of car"]


- page 117 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF There was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

The document contains diagrams illustrating these instructions, including a compass rose and angle measurement lines.


- page 118 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Has you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Yes,

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                                   LANSING   MICH
TELEPHONE NUMBER                          AGE 15   SEX F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Reported Some Nights

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   Police
    Day     Month     Year


- page 119 -

EXTRACT FROM SGT MOODY'S CHIEF REPORT

7. The Crystal Lake sighting of _________ (to be investigated by Sgt Moody)

8. Mrs. _____________ of ____________, Lansing Michigan (burned leaf grass). It was requested by this witness that her name not be used. (To be contacted by Sgt Moody)

9. The Grand Lodge sighting by Mr and Mrs _____________ (to be investigated by both Mr Powers and Sgt Moody)

The observation from the police report of the Michigan State Police. It was decided due to Mr ____________ reputation as a publicity seeker that his sighting would be considered misinterpretation of conventional objects and/or imagination and/or his attempts to perpetrate a hoax, and no contact with this witness would be made.

The sighting of Mr ____________ on 6 May 64. Object evaluated as a sighting. (Case to be written up by Sgt Moody)

The sighting by _____________ was believed to be an Astronomical Body (Case to be written up by Sgt Moody)

The Grand Lodge observation of _____________ and _____________ on June 13, 1964. (To be investigated jointly by Sgt Moody and Bill Powers)

SIGHTING OF MISS _____________

From the Lansing State Journal Office, Sgt Moody and Bill Powers proceeded to the residence of Miss Jo Ann Busy of 1014 S Fairview, Lansing, Michigan. A PTD Form 164 was completed by both investigators. Miss _____________ was a young girl of 15. Her impression of the object were vague, inconsistent and contained little information of a specific nature. The reported duration of 5 minutes when re-enacted and timed, indicated an observation of 25 seconds. However fantastic her story may be seemed, it was apparent that the little girl did observe an object with a bright light that made a high pitched noise. The light was described as reddish with a gold tint and apparently the object was low enough and/or bright enough to cast shadows from trees and other objects in the place of observation. Subsequent investigation indicates that this object was observed or heard by other witnesses in the area.

SIGHTING OF MRS _____________

Following the interrogation of _____________ at the home of Mrs _____________ on Street, Lansing, Michigan. Arriving at 1900, physical specimens of the leaves were obtained. Basic information indicates that sometime between 9 and 9:15 on the night of Wednesday, 20 May 64, Mrs _____________ heard a vibrating sound causing a roaring in her ears.


- page 120 -

The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page. There is very little discernible text, and what might be present is too illegible to read with confidence. The page is mostly white/gray with some faint horizontal lines and a small dark mark or stamp in the lower left corner.


- page 121 -

EXTRACT FROM BILL POWERS REPORT

2. Sighting. The witness in this case is a fifteen-year old girl residing at _______ in Lansing _______. She is not skilled at description, being very vague about the concept of apparent angular size and being unable to draw even a simple sketch.

Her basic story is that as she was riding her bicycle home at about 2120 hours EST, 21 May, 1964, at the corner of Clifford and Prospect streets (about eight blocks from her home), she heard a loud roaring sound with a steady tone in it, and looked up to see a rectangular object, reddish gold in color, circling overhead. After a few seconds (described as "five minutes" at first) what appeared to be a pair of sliding doors in the bottom of the object slid back, revealing an intense light-source having a diameter as large as the bottom of the rectangular object in its short dimension. The light was a pale red, and lit up the trees and ground. All the streetlights (described as "4") went out at some time during this process. The light was bright enough to light up the tops of the trees around the intersection, although there was no wind. The light kept shining while the object circled, moved edge forward, overhead, and then suddenly the object moved away with a puff of heavy smoke, which dissipated slowly and disappeared. The light remained on as the object left, and could be seen until it passed far enough to be obscured by the trees. Just as the object appeared, it faded away again as the object moved on.


- page 122 -

Here is the text from the document:

--3--

The witness states that she was frightened and ran to the nearest house, but found that house dark, all the other houses nearly were reported as dark also. She states that she abandoned her bicycle and ran all the way home, a distance of at least half a mile (unless there is a shorter route than the one the investigators found), and then went back later to get the bicycle.

Since the witness could not estimate the size of the object (the first estimate indicated that it subtended an arc of over 100 degrees in the sky), the investigators concentrated on trying to draw out a description of its appearance.

The results of this further questioning must be tempered by the probability that the girl was adding to her story at times, and may have been led to some conclusions.

During further questioning, the girl reiterated the sighting while the investigators timed her, roughly. According to this procedure, the noise took 5 seconds to approach, the object circled overhead several seconds, the light came on for about 6 seconds, and the departure occupied another 8 seconds until sight was lost, for a total of about twenty seconds. A second silent run clear through without description took 42 seconds. These times are probably a far more accurate estimate than the "five minutes" which the girl seemed to use to indicate any indefinite short time.

The shape of the object was determined roughly by showing the girl three rectangles, one square, one with a length-to-width ratio of about 3 to 2, and one with a ratio about 5 to 1. She picked the middle one, adding that the corners were "cut off." Three rectangles with the previously chosen shape were drawn, having about half of each side cut off, about a fourth, and about an eighth. She picked the least-cut-off picture. She indicated that it was not flat as shown, but she had no way to describe how it appeared. The investigator then drew the picture labelled "Figure A," adding some arbitrary thickness and showing an object in perspective with rounded corners ( a guess that this was what she was trying to say). When this picture was shown, the witness, without warning, acted very


- page 123 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

It was learned that the FAA in Lansing turned over control of
flight operations to Detroit center on the night of 22 May between
0200 and 0300 for a classified military operation. Roger Shoenberger
was the tower operator. Sgt Moody went to interview Mr Shoenberger
the following afternoon at 1500 when he came on duty.

Local weather data was obtained for 13 June and used in the
Bancroft Campbell sighting.

Discussion with the tower operators James Mackey on UFO's and
the sighting in the area revealed that many calls are received by
the tower operator. The operator usually explains the observation to
the caller in terms of a known aircraft, weather balloon or one of
the stars or planets. The tower at Capitol City Airport has an unobstructed
view of the entire area.

At 0200 am 15 Jun 64 Sgt Moody returned to the motel.

On the morning of 15 Jun 64, Sgt Moody proceeded from East Lansing,
Michigan to the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor and contacted
Sgt Larson of the AFOIC. Sgt Larson directed Sgt Moody to the University
of Michigan facility at Willow Run Airport. Mr G Suits was at Bldg 204A
was contacted at 1015 am. Mrs Suits was in charge of infra-red photo
activities and referred Sgt Moody to the hanger where Michigan University
operational a/c on these flights were located. Mr [illegible] was the person
to be contacted and interviewed. Prior to proceeding to the hanger
Mr Suits indicated that Conductron Corporation at the Ann Arbor Airport
might also be engaged in photo activity. Mr Lee Evans at the corporation
was contacted by telephone and he indicated that Conductron Corp
had no flight activity in the Lansing area during the 20-25 May period. Mr
Suits also indicated that Lear Inc was also engaged in photo activity.
This address, 2360 Washington Avenue, Phone 665-0625 (Mr Morder) was
contacted by telephone and he indicated that his company had three
such projects under current operations; one in Puerto Rico, one in Florida,
and one in Mississippi. None of the Lear Inc a/c were operating in
the Michigan area and the last flight in Michigan was in January. He
indicated that Frank Lodge of Pontiac, Michigan, phone FR 2-4243 or
332-0159 in Pontiac was the pilot of the a/c engaged by his company for
the January operation. He stated that it was possible that Mr Lodge
might have been flying infra-red photo missions for some other individual.

From Mr Suits office Sgt Moody went to the hanger and contacted Mr
[illegible] on 20 May, two J06A gear a/c made flights from 0050 to 0150
EST and 0305 to 0405 EST. These a/c had a red beacon on top burning
at all times. These a/c had standard a/c lights. During operation the
photo occasionally turn on the landing lights especially during turns.
The a/c are equipped with Solar a/c turbines which provides AC and DC
electricity for the research equipment. The University of Michigan also


- page 124 -

Here is the text from the document:

Read node first
Noise increased
High pitch
Rest from logic
Now goin' fauntin 25 deg
Centering + ATC
Spiral down

Light reddin legat
No good

No Capability time less than
minute

Red antenna
Clypeus


- page 125 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   13 June 64

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Color Reddish gold tint
lights Red + Boston gray


- page 126 -

startled, said "what's it, but there was a thing, a dome, on top!" This apparently accounted for previous attempts to explain that she was looking up at its bottom, but could see something on top, too.

The investigators found the two streets described running at 90° to the directions described later during the interview, but in correspondence to the original directions stated early in the interview. According to the earlier version, the witness was standing on the south-west corner; the object would then have appeared from the south, and disappeared straight north. Four streetlights were seen, two on diagonally-opposite corners and two farther down the block along Clifford, one north and one south. The intersection was relatively free of grass, giving the effect of a clearing perhaps 100 feet in diameter. All the streets were otherwise lined with mature trees.

Evaluation is deferred to the end of this report.

3. Bush, 2100 EST, 21 May 1964. Object circled overhead with extremely loud roaring sound containing loud single note, turned on light after a few seconds which was extremely bright. Emitted puff of smoke, flew off fast out of sight. Rectangular shape, reddish color and light. Lansing.

Investigator's Sketch of Object. Dome coded at witness' direction.
WTP -

[A hand-drawn sketch labeled "FIG A" shows a UFO with annotations for "motion", "simple", "light source", and a dome.]


- page 127 -

EXTRACT LANSING CITY POLICE LOG

The following reports of UFO's were extracted from the Lansing
City Police Log by MSgt David N Moody and William Powers on
13 June 1964.

1. 21 May 64, at 0302 am, report of Lansing.
Heard noise from elephants in Logan Shopping Center.

2. 21 May 64, at 955 pm, Old saw Flying Saucer at Prospect and Clifford. Bright with
15 foot diameter.

3. 23 May 64, Saturday at 0300 am, etc. . .

4. 23 May 64, Saturday at 1238 am, Reported UFO.


- page 128 -

Here is the OCR text from the newspaper article:

A-2 THE STATE JOURNAL Friday, May 22, 1964

Flying Saucer Puzzle Grows
It May Be Helicopter—or It May Not;
Four in City Report Strange Objects'

Is Lansing's night-prowling Lodge UFO (unidentified flying) Nourse, who was voted Out-

"flying saucer" really a helicopter-early this morning standing Eaton County Farmer

There was some indication to Grand Ledge, however, who was of the year by the Grand Ledge
day that this might explain the of Grand Ledge, were awakened Jaycees a couple of years ago.
mysterious sights and sounds freight train.

But there was a large area of shaped object with something A spokesman for the Michigan
"static" of the pieces of the red dome. Air National Guard at Selfridge
case of the Grand Jet was back again. doesn't fit it is the report in

A RED DOME?
A few minutes later, the ob- the Guard's log book.

And it didn't fly over Lansing.
In Lansing, there were at
least four reports of flying ob-
jects. One was at 8:58 a.m. to
Ann Bush, 15, of 904 S. Fairview
Ave., phoned city police that she
had seen an object hovering at
Prospect and Clifford Streets.
She described the object as
about 15 feet in diameter.

SOMETHING?
Three other residents, who
asked that their names be withheld, saw "something."

One woman living on W. Willow Street, saw an "oblong object" hovering overhead. She told police at 8:25 p.m. She said the object was "covered with a cellophane-like material" and emitted a bright, bluish-white light. It was going east and flying high and fast. She added there were no stars out at the time.

Another woman, residing on Neldon Court, saw a star-like object between 11:15 and 11:30 p.m. This object, too, was going east.

She said she had seen something like a 86x, and this didn't resemble light.

Still another woman, residing on Gordon Street, heard a loud humming sound and saw, "something buzzing a close descent" to that made by a helicopter, but was prevented from seeing anything because of trees.

The noises reported by residents sound like those made by three-spraying crews. There's just one catch in the City Park lot one catch in the City Park lot - spraying crews out for several days.


- page 129 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page with some very faint lines and a small dark mark or stamp in the bottom right corner. The page is white/gray and appears to be part of a scanned document.


- page 130 -

EXTRACT FROM SGT MOODY'S TRIP REPORT

On 14 Jun at 0730 am Sgt Woody met with Bill Powers at the Michigan State Police Headquarters in East Lansing, Michigan. We talked with Corporal Thornton of Michigan State Police regarding his observation of a master (report of sighting to be covered in Bill Powers report).

We then proceeded to Grand Ledge, Michigan. Prior to an appointment with Mr and Mrs [redacted], we stopped for breakfast in Grand Ledge arranging our agenda to include:

1. Interview with Mr and Mrs [redacted]

2. Interview with [redacted] and [redacted]

Enroute to the [redacted] residence, which is almost 6 miles from Grand Ledge on a farm, we contacted the Army Michigan National Guard, 46th Aviation Battalion at Grand Ledge. This organization has three types of helicopters, some with bubble canopy. They also have Piper Cubs and a High-Wing Monoplane. They do not fly night photo missions and do not have infra-red equipment. Operations are conducted almost every Saturday and Sunday (WFR) and all residents in the area should be familiar with these craft. Information from officers of this organization indicated that the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor was conducting night photo missions. Also, the Selfridge Air Base photo service at Capitol City Airport might have information regarding photo missions in the area.

SIGHTING OF MR AND MRS [redacted]

At 0300 am on Friday morning, 22 May 64, Mr and Mrs [redacted] reported that an unusual object was observed from their upstairs bedroom window. Mrs [redacted] woke her husband and they observed a circular object of soft reddish gold color with four red lights flashing on and off and a stationary white light on its perimeter. This observation lasted less than one minute. The object moved across a field about 300 - 400 feet near their point of observation. Stars were out and no moon. No wings or other features were noted on the object.

About ten minutes later the object reappeared crossing the same field. This time the object was tipped at an angle slightly higher in the rear. Flight was from right to left (toward Lansing), and away from the observers. Again, the duration was short, less than one minute. The size was estimated at 30 to 50 feet. Time of the first sighting was about 0250 am, second observation was at 0305 am. The sound during the second observation was described as sharp and pitched white, compared to the roar of tires on a diesel truck on a highway.


- page 131 -

Subsequent to their observation they had received numerous telephone calls from others in the area who had observed a similar object. These included (nearby farmers) who heard the object and described the sound as extremely loud. They received a call from a nurse at the Ingham medical center, who said that one and a maternity patient had observed the object. Also, a [redacted] the Delta Township Fire Marshall, had observed the object that same night.

It should be noted that [redacted] had a child a few months old and was one that was awakened by the noise. The noise of the object did not disturb the sleeping child. Also, [redacted] is fire marshal and is attuned to awaken at a bell, siren or telephone.

[The rest of the page contains handwritten notes that are partially illegible, including phrases like:
- "Suns out NO Hum"
- "No wirings"
- "Slight"
- "Flashing on + off"
- "Relative open"
- Some other partially readable notes and sketches]


- page 132 -

EXTRACT FROM BILL ROGERS PRELIMINARY REPORT

The sighting took place at "2:10 to 2:15". Both men have agreed to cooperate in any detailed investigation.

One of the calls associated with the night of the emergency run previously mentioned was from a farmer in Grand Ledge, who called the department with a report that he had seen a flying saucer land and take off again.

A police car 5 miles from the scene was dispatched, but before it arrived the farmer, whose name was not obtained, said that the object was gone; the investigating patrol reported sighting nothing unusual, so the sighting was not logged; the name of the farmer may be difficult to discover. The farmer said the object was (blinding) and about 15 feet in diameter. The police officer clearly believes the man to be "mistaken".

There are several more reports which need to be straightened out better than I could do over the telephone. One involves two men coming here from the night shift (apparently) at Oldsmobile, and a (blacked out) house when/heard a weird noise (apparently not the siren - time is wrong) and saw an object that looked like a shooting star going behind the house. It made (or something made) a sufficiently impressive noise that Spear's wife jumped out of bed, terrified, the sound having awakened her.

Between phone calls to (blacked out) and (blacked out) on Saturday morning, I received an unsolicited call from a reporter, Dick Frazier of the Lansing State Journal, who was trying to find out if my calls of the night before were legitimate, and who had another report which came in just after I had ceased operations Friday night. A Mrs. (blacked out), Lansing, saw three objects at 9:00, 9:15, and 11:00 PM on the 20th, at least one of which changed shape (outline, not point source) and which was observed through binoculars. Her (blacked out) husband also saw the objects and their/called some neighbors who also were witnesses. One object was described as roughly circular with many little white lights on its underside. Mrs. (blacked out) did not report until she heard of other reports, for fear she would be called crazy.

(blacked out) says she is willing to talk to scientists from Washington (blacked out) informed her of our investigation.


- page 133 -

5. Sighting: Early Friday morning, 22 May 1964, at about 0350 to 0500, Mr. and Mrs. _______, Rte. 1, Eagle, Michigan ( 7 miles north of Grand Ledge, Michigan, on Cutler Road) were awakened by a roaring noise approaching their house. Both were in bed in the northwest second-floor bedroom of their home. Mr. _______ went to the window and looked out across a field to the west of the house, and saw an object fly by at approximately a 10-degree elevation angle, perhaps as low as 5 degrees. By several experimental approaches, the apparent size of the long axis of the object was estimated at about three times that of the full moon, with the size of the full moon being exaggerated to about 6 inches at arm's length, as usual. Mrs. _______ did not see the object on this pass (another was to occur) but she heard the noise it made. This noise nearly defied description; it was described as a sort of roar, but not like a jet. Mr. _______ initially suggested the noise of a Deisel, which this investigator believably understood meant the noise made by the tires of a Deisel truck when one is following close behind it at high speed, rather than the sound of a Deisel engine. The general impression, which was never perfectly clear, was of a loud background of noise with the steady whine superimposed. The noise was described as very loud.

Mr. _______ pointed out a telephone pole some 300 feet out in the west field, perhaps fifty feet more than that from the bedroom window, and said that the object apparently passed by at about that distance. He estimated its speed at seventy miles per hour. From the bedroom window, the object could have been seen only through an arc of about thirty degrees at most, owing to trees growing close to the house, one on each side of the window, but not directly in front of it.

At the distance estimated, and at a speed of 103 feet per second, the time of visibility would be approximately 1.8 seconds, unmistakably shorter than the six seconds obtained from a re-enactment. If the six seconds is taken as the proper time interval, then the object was travelling past at an angular rate of 5 degrees per second. At the distance of the telephone pole, this would correspond approximately to a linear velocity of about 20 miles per hour. At the distance of the far boundary of the field, estimated as 600 feet away, the speed would be


- page 134 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

had an L-20 a/c equipped with turbine. The normal flight path of these a/c is such that rendezvous is made over Luyten Lake, Michigan (reference Data Demski sighting). These missions and the associated data of these flights are classified. There was a security clearance required for access to the hangar. Upon completion of the interview at 1100 with M[illegible] Sgt Moody returned to East Lansing, Michigan at 1600.

At 1800 Sgt Moody proceeded to the Capitol City airport at Lansing and interviewed Roger Snodgrass (the operator on duty on the night of 20 May). He indicated that the local turbo props were not in operation during the period of the landing sighting. On the night of 20 May 6h the Capitol City Operations had turned over control of their air space to the Detroit FAA. Mission of the a/c in the area was to assist and he didn't know the purpose of the operations, however, he did observe a/c in the area. Also, during this period one a/c from David Field (nearby local airport) took off with a landing light on and crossed the northern portion of Lansing.

At 1915 Sgt Moody proceeded to the State Journal newspaper office and spoke with Mr Frank Hand, news reporter for this paper. No additional information was obtained during this interview.

From the State Journal office Sgt Moody proceeded to Battle Creek, Michigan, arriving at 2100. The following morning, 16 Jun a visit was made to the Custer Air National Guard Station and Sgt Micklatcher. Flight locations for the period 21-22 May were obtained. The a/c was 25-57A photo reconnaissance a/c. None of the flights were made in the Lansing area. Majority of the targets being to the South of Battle Creek. From Custer, Sgt Moody returned to W-P AFB, arriving at 1230.

[Signature of] DAVID N. MOODY
T/SGT USAF


- page 135 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

about 35-40 miles per hour. The actual angle of visibility may be as much as 50 degrees if account is taken of partial visibility through the trees, relating the velocity estimates respectively to 40 and 55-70 miles per hour. The trajectory was described as apparently normal to the line of sight; if the angle were not normal to the line of sight, the speeds would be raised more.

After the object had disappeared behind trees toward the south or southwest, the houses remained awake; in about ten minutes, they heard the same roaring sound again, and this time both were at the bedroom window when the object made its second pass. The direction was the same (north to south approximately), but the object was "much farther" away and appeared half as large or less. This time it passed behind the trees at the west end of the field, at an elevation of no more than 3 to 5 degrees. It was still audible, and its shape could still be seen clearly, although it was smaller in apparent size.

[Names are redacted]

Both witnesses saw the object clearly on the first pass; both of them saw it clearly on the second pass. They agreed in describing it as round (elliptical) with six lights around its edge, one of which was (according to Mrs. [redacted] only) white, the remainder being a steady bright red. These lights were described by Mrs. [redacted] as going on and off like Christmas-tree lights, and as steady by Mr. [redacted]. Mrs. [redacted] saw only the lights during the second lower and more distant pass, while Mr. [redacted] saw them both times, once at much closer range.

Both witnesses described the body of the object as glowing with a single uniform glow; Mrs. [redacted] recalled distinctly that the color was a pale red, and found a red pencil with which to sketch it; she has considerable artistic sense as the decor of their house showed. Her sketch is shown as Fig. B.

On both passes, the object showed an elliptical apparent shape, as if the object were tipped somewhat toward or away from the observers.

Witnesses stated that the object definitely was not a helicopter, as an Air National Guard unit is stationed just a few miles down the road and they were familiar with such aircraft.


- page 136 -

Here is the text from the document:

--10--

27 feet and 15 feet, for a mean of 21 feet. The accuracy of this technique is questionable, but the dimensions may be kept in mind against future estimates of similar sightings, should any become available.

The principle characteristics of this object are its color (pale red), its shape (elliptical/circular), the lights (red) seen around its edge, and the loud roaring-whining noise it made. Further evaluation is postponed to later in this report.

5. 0300 EST, 22 May 1964. Elliptical object flew by at low altitude and had red lights. Witness, who was driving a truck near Grand Lodge, had white light, may have had red lights spaced around edge, may have had noise, somewhat like diesel truck tires at high speed. Did not have license plate. Not helicopter, going to witness? Ambulance craft, 7 miles north of Grand Lodge, 14 miles northwest of Lansing.

FIG B     Drawn by Mrs. [redacted]     seen at 3:10


- page 137 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-9-

Helicopters both day and night in the area; both witnesses are quite familiar with the appearance and sound of helicopters under day and night conditions, and cannot reasonably be thought to have made the suggested mistake.

Helicopters were flown in that area on the same night, but ceased operations several hours before the sighting.

An estimate of the minimum size of the object can be obtained from knowledge of the resolving power of the dark-adapted eye, and an assumption that the object was just beyond the trees on its second pass and had six equally-spaced lights.

According to the sketches obtained (from Mrs. [REDACTED] - Mr. [REDACTED] over a plan view rather than a realistic perspective drawing) the minimum distance between the lights corresponds to about 2/3 of the radius of the presumed circular object.

The dark-adapted normal eye can resolve two point sources about 3 minutes of arc apart comfortably, corresponding roughly to 0.001 radian. If the object was seen just beyond the trees 600 feet to the west, and if the red lights were just separated, then the diameter of the object would have been only 1.8 feet - that is, the report of the witness' seeing the six lights would be credible even if the object were as small as 1.8 feet in diameter and 600 feet away. Clearly, it was not that small, for the lights were not just "resolved" but were seen as definitely separated by (judging from the picture) some 3 to 4 times their own apparent diameter, if not more (the drawing may be intended to show the shape as well as placement of the lights). The object may, indeed, have been 20 feet in diameter, or even more; it does not appear likely that it was smaller than 8 feet in diameter.

An attempt was made to determine the apparent size of the object on its second pass, when both witnesses saw it for a period "much longer" than the five or six seconds of the first pass. The drawing of Fig. 3 was made, and the witnesses requested to signal when it reached the right apparent size as the picture was moved away. The distances were 10 feet ([REDACTED]) and 10 feet ([REDACTED]); the corresponding long axis at the minimum possible distance of 500 feet is respectively


- page 138 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

A-2 THE STATE JOURNAL, Friday, May 22, 1964

Flying Saucer Puzzle Grows
It May Be Helicopter—or It May Not
Four in City Report 'Strange Objects'

Lansing's night-prowling ledger UFO (unidentified flying) Nourse, who was voted Out-
"flying saucer" really a heli- object) still was whirling standing Eaton County Farmer
copter—or was it?                 about the city Thursday of the Year by the Grand Lodge

There was some indication for night and Mrs. Robert Nourse, of the Michigan State Police,
the city this night explain that who live on Cutler Road, north said he wasn't having hallu-
the "saucer" might be a heli- of Grand Lodge, were awakened cinations. In fact, he was
copter. But the pieces just at 3 a.m. by "roaring like a so sure he wasn't that he called
don't fit.                         freight train."                     State Police to report the UFO.

LIKE A RED DOME             There was a large area of shaped object with something
One of the pieces of the unidentified that "looked like a
"saucer" jigsaw don't fit.         jigsaw puzzle that doesn't fit."

Twenty minutes later, the ob- had a helicopter aloft Thursday
ject was back again.               night. The piece of the jigsaw

And if (fight 15 over Lansing, in the Guard's log book.
there were It shows that the "copter came
at least four reports of flying ob- down at 11:15 p.m.
jects. One was at 9:58 p.m. do- And if (fight 15 over Lansing
wn on Rush, 15, at 10:43, Fairview there were at least four reports
Ave., phoned city police that she of flying objects.
had seen object hovering it.

Prospect and Clifford Streets.
She said it was very bright and
about 15 feet in diameter.
SAW "SOMETHING"
Three other residents, who
asked that their names be with-
held, saw "something," W.
low Street, saw an "oblong ob-
ject with the corners squared
off," she told police at 8:25 p.m.
She said the object was "cov-
ered with a material" and "ma-
terial" and emitted a bright,
bluish-white light. She said it
was going east and flying high
and fast. She added there were
other reports of similar objects.
Another woman, residing on
Neller Court, "saw a star move"
between 11 and 11:30 p.m.
This object, too, was going east.
She said she had seen satel-
lites cross the sky, and this
didn't resemble them.
Still another woman, residing
on Gordon Street, heard a loud
humming or buzzing sound at 1
a.m. bearing a close resem-
blance to that made by a heli-
copter, but was prevented from
seeing anything because of trees
in the yard.

The mystery reported by rose
litters would like this made by
three separate crews. There's
just one catch — the City Police
Department hasn't had any
reports of UFO sightings.


- page 139 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page with some very faint marks or artifacts, but no discernible text can be read.


- page 140 -

EXTRACT FROM SGT MOODY'S TRIP REPORT

Subsequent to their observation they had received numerous telephone calls from others in the area who had observed or heard the same or a similar object. These included the children who observed the object, the (nearby Farmers) who heard the object and described the sound as extremely loud. They received a call from a nurse at the Ingham medical center, who said that she and a maternity patient had observed the object. Also, a Mr. (name blacked out), the Delta Township Fire Marshall, had observed the object that same night.

It should be noted that Mrs. (name blacked out) had a child a few months old and was the one that was awakened by the noise. The noise of the object did not disturb the sleeping child. Also, Mr. (name blacked out) is Fire Marshall and is attuned to awaken at a bell, siren or telephone.

SIGHTING OF (rest of heading blacked out)

Following the interview with Mr and Mrs (blacked out) Sgt Moody and Bill Powers proceeded to the Delta Township Fire Barn Station at Canal and Saginaw, Michigan (About three miles East of Grand Ledge), to interview Mr. (name blacked out). On the night of 25 May at about 0330 Mr (name blacked out) was awakened by a high pitch, shrill hum. He looked out the window and observed an object over Saginaw Highway. A light coming from the bottom of the object lit up the yard and an area about 1000 feet in diameter. The light went out and proceeded East following a path above Saginaw Highway. For a brief period after the light went out Mr (name blacked out) could see the object but followed its flight by the sound. The object sounded like it was climbing. This loss of sight was attributed to the effects of having observed a very bright light.

Mr (name blacked out) gave no estimation on the altitude of the object. The light was sufficiently bright for him to see the ground across the road. From the initial time when he was awakened until the object had disappeared in the East no more than three to four minutes had elapsed. Mr (name blacked out) also reported that several people in the area had talked with him about hearing the noise and had complained about the noises causing their dogs to become upset.

SIGHTING OF (rest of heading blacked out) AND (rest of heading blacked out)

Following the interview with (name blacked out) Sgt Moody and Bill Powers proceeded to the home of (name blacked out) at (location blacked out) in Grand Ledge, Michigan for an interview concerning her observation on the night of 13 Jun 6h and carried in the local newspapers on 14 Jun. During the interview it was apparent that the sighting was not related to those of observed with no noise observed during the latter part of May.

About 2215 local time on 13 Jun (names blacked out) were returning from a party. As they departed in their car they turned to a road leading


- page 141 -

EXTRACT FROM BILL POWERS REPORT ON TRIP TO LANSING

8. Sighting. At 0300, 25 May 1964, Fire Chief of the Delta County Fire Department (located on Saginaw Highway halfway between Lansing and Grand Ledge) was awakened by a loud roaring noise, which sounded very close and did not seem to move away. looked out his bedroom window, and saw the front yard and firehouse driveway lit up as "bright as day." The Chief jumped into his pants (just a few seconds required, he explained, owing to his profession), and went down to the fire engine garage and out the door. He had thought that the light came from a ground vehicle, but no source could be seen.

Then he looked up, and saw a blinding white light-source, large in diameter like a searchlight, definitely not a point source or a small headlight-sized object.

The light from this object was illuminating a circle on the ground extending across the highway into the fields, with a radius estimated by the Chief (and checked by illuminated landmarks) of 500 feet. The Chief, being elderly, explained that he could see nothing further after he looked up and saw the light, because he is susceptible to night-blindness; the light turned off almost immediately after he saw it, and he could see nothing for a considerable time afterwards.

All during the experience, the noise kept up a steady roar, and after the light went out, the sound seemed to move straight up and then off to the east, toward Lansing, just about directly down the highway. The Chief had difficulty describing the noise - he kept saying that it had been extremely loud, and that he had never heard anything like it before; it definitely could not have been an aircraft sound, jet or helicopter. The light was on for three or four minutes (time judgment checked out) altogether, and was described as being so bright that it made the Chief stagger back. He did not feel any heat.


- page 142 -

Here is the text from the document:

Practically every word for a loud noise was tried out, and was still not quite right. Finally the investigator, who had just previously come across a similar case (see [redacted] sightings) made a noise at about D above Middle C, a steady and loud falsetto note with a "burr" in it, which represented his best judgement of what the others had heard: the Chief looked astonished and said, "You wouldn't believe it, how close that is to what I heard!" He remarked several times how surprised he was that the exact sound should have been reproduced so closely.

The Chief then mentioned several other people in the area who had had similar experiences; the other investigator will report on those sightings.

Further evaluation is deferred to the end of this report.

8. 0300, EST, 25 May, 1964. Loud rushing noise, high-pitched tone to about 600 cps, was heard, followed by bright illumination on 200-foot arc circle in front of Delta County Airport, Escanaba, Michigan. Witness went outside, saw blinding white, large-diameter light-source high in air. Witness lost about 3 hours total of 3-4 minutes, noise moved up other cars and faded away. Reports of corroborative witnesses still under investigation. Between Ensign and Grand Ledge.


- page 143 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page with some very faint marks or artifacts, but no discernible text can be read.


- page 144 -

EXTRACT FROM SGT MOODY'S TRIP REPORT

7. The [redacted] sighting of ________ (to be investigated by Sgt Moody)

8. Mrs ____________ of _________ Lansing Michigan (turned lead source). It was requested by this witness that her name not be used. (To be contacted by Sgt Moody)

9. The Grand Lodge sighting by Mr and Mrs [redacted] (to be investigated by both Mr Powers and Sgt Moody)

The observation from the police report of the Michigan State Police. It was decided due to Mr [redacted]'s reputation as a publicity seeker that his sighting would be considered misinterpretation of conventional objects and/or imagination and/or his attempts to perpetrate a hoax, and no contact with this witness would be made.

The sighting of Mr [redacted] on 6 May 64. Object evaluated as a sighting. (Case to be written up by Sgt Moody)

The sighting by [redacted] of 27 May 64 was believed to be an Astronomical Body (Case to be written up by Sgt Moody)

The Grand Lodge observation of [redacted] and [redacted] on June 13, 1964. (To be investigated jointly by Sgt Moody and Bill Powers).

SIGHTING OF MISS [redacted]

From the Lansing State Journal Office, Sgt Moody and Bill Powers proceeded to the residence of Miss [redacted], Lansing, Michigan. A FTD Form 164 was completed by both investigators. Miss [redacted] was a young girl of 15. Her impressions of the object were vague. Inconsistent and contained little information of a specific nature. The reported duration of 5 minutes when re-enacted and timed, indicated an observation of 25 seconds. However fantastic her story may have seemed, it was apparent that the little girl did observe an object with a bright light, that made a high pitched noise. The light was described as reddish with a gold tint and apparently the object was low enough and/or bright enough to cast shadows from trees and other objects in the place of observation. Subsequent investigation indicates that this object was observed or heard by other witnesses in the area.

SIGHTING OF MISS [redacted]

Following the interrogation of [redacted], Sgt Moody proceeded to the home of Mrs [redacted] of [redacted], Lansing, Michigan. Arriving at 1900, physical specimens of the leaves were obtained. Basic information indicates that sometime between 9 and 9:15 on the night of Wednesday, 20 May 64, Mrs [redacted] heard a vibrating sound causing a roaring in her ears.


- page 145 -

