Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE-TIME GROUP
13 November 1964, 13/2302Z

2. LOCATION
Shutesbury, Massachusetts

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 Minute

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NW

8. PHOTOS
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object moving from NE to NW. Believed to be several miles away. Looked like a large harvest moon in size. Speed compared to that of a passenger plane. Position was just above horizon in NW. Lights not on in house. Object had glow that illuminated the area. Observation from inside house through window. Information submitted by Raymond Fowler.

COMMENTS: Moon at 23.25.18 at 1800 on 14 Feb. This places the moon at 140 deg azimuth 35 deg elevation at the time of the sighting results a refraction on the moon. The 1st mag star Arcturus is on the horizon at about 300 deg azimuth. Reported moving from NE to NW. No data to indicate the object could NOT have been an Aircraft.

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

Bloomfield, Connecticut

Major Maston M. Jacks
USAF PIO, Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

9 Dec 64

Dear Major Jacks:

Thank you very much for your letter, and enclosure, of 24 November 1964, in answer to my UFO questions. I was interested to see that the Air Force still carries the report from Socorro as unsolved, particularly since a recent letter from Dr. Donald Menzel to me carried a contrary opinion. Although he admits that he had not seen many detailed information about the Socorro report, he flatly came out that it was "probably a hoax or a delusion." I sent him a copy of your fact sheet but as yet he hasn't commented on it.

With respect to the "hoax" conclusion on the Glassboro, N.J. sighting, I am now in possession of a NICAP report on that sighting. In it, they quote at some length two tee experts who examined the leaves of trees in the area, as well as other vegetation, and gave it as their opinion that the "aerial damage done precluded a hoax by youngsters." They stated that leaves were recovered from a 40-foot oak and that other damage to trees would have required the use of machinery - one injury, they stated, was not inflicted by any known type of tool. Might I ask if you all have queried these men or looked into this aspect of the report at all? Or are you basing your "hoax" conclusions solely on the evidence of a few footnotes and bits of tin foil which could well have been made (or dropped) by persons visiting the site before your people arrived? It is my understanding that several days elapsed between the time of the initial report and the visit by an Air Force investigator.

"With respect to your statement that the Air Force 'still maintains the responsibility for investigating UFOs', might I enquire as to why Westover AFB, in the case of the Shutesbury, Mass. sighting covered in my 14 Nov 1964 letter, stated that they were referring the information to the FAA for further investigation? Seems strange to me.

And might I also ask if your office has received and evaluated THE UFO EVIDENCE, a report published last summer by NICAP? I understand that it is heavily documented and relates a number of sightings made by pilots, astronomers, missile engineers and many other reputable, technical trained personnel. It would seem from the data presented that a substantial case has been made for a more scientific and open investigation of UFOs than has been made in the past.

I shall be interested in your comments.

Yours truly,

[Signature redacted]


- page 2 -

Information Only
Source: A F R O Bulletin, January 1965

Shutesbury, Mass.
13 November 1964

Orange Disc in Massachusetts

Mrs. Harriet E. Smith of Shutesbury, Mass. reported seeing an orange disc-shaped object which lit up her home as it traveled from northeast to northwest at 6 p. m. on November 13, 1964. The duration of the sighting was about 60 seconds.

A spokesman at Westover AFB said he received an inquiry about a UFO sighting from a Shutesbury woman early that morning. He called Flight Operations but that section reported it had no information and so he turned the details over to the FAA for further investigation.

The foregoing sighting was detailed in the November 14th Springfield Daily News and subsequently a Reverend Hass of West Suffield, Conn. reported his sighting which took place at the same time (6 p. m.)

Reverend Hass was looking west from his home when he saw a bright orange object in the sky. He said he could not get a full view because he had to look through tree branches. He observed it for a minute but did not see it move.

On Friday Reverend Hass told other residents about the object and one of them, Forest Spear, and the same thing. West Suffield, Conn. is from 35-40 miles southwest of Shutesbury.

Mass. It is possible that the object seen by Reverend Hass and Mr. Spear. There could have been a time difference of only a minute or two during which one viewed it at a standstill and the other during its flight.


- page 3 -

UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY SHEET
UFO REPORT # 34/13/64

Witness:
Shutesbury, Massachusetts
Education: High School
             Nurse Training
Occupation: House-keeper

PLACE:    Shutesbury, Massachusetts
DATE:     13 November 1964         TIME:    6:00 PM EST
SIGHTING:

Observed a large round object/saucer defined under UFO from her vantage at dusk on 13 November 1964. The time was about 6:00 PM. The object spanned to several miles away and moving from the N.W. to the N.W. at apparent size was compared to that of a 10" to 12" pie plate. It was lengthy. She described it as looking like a "large harvest moon in size. Shape and color: The sky was clear. Observation time was about 6:00 minutes. It moved was constant to that of a pair of car headlights. The position was just above the horizon and remained in view until in disappearance over the N.W. horizon.

Other reports mentioned by a newspaper and Mr. [redacted] purportedly mention a UFO landing in Brimfield on some kind of a ramp and another landing in Sturbridge on a gravel bank. Reports to [redacted] were about these sightings have thus been made. Also mentioned was a sighting of a UFO sighting by a Mr. [redacted] of the "Daily Hampshire Gazette" in North Hampton, Massachusetts on about 6:00 PM EST. It was described as being larger than a star and colorless.

[Signature]
UFOB Investigator

cc: USAF (AFCIN-PED)
    File


- page 4 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W.
Washington, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form incident questionnaire was used by the United States Air Force and by other authorized investigative agencies. The information on this form will be evaluated by NICAP.

Address: SHUTESBURY - MASS.
Telephone: ALPINE

1. Name: [Redacted]
   Area of Employment: None
   Occupation: None
   Education: High School
   Social Training: Amateur Training
   Military Service: None

2. Date of Observation: November 26, 1964     Time: A.M. 6 PM     Time Zone: 

3. Locality of Observation: SHUTESBURY - MASSACHUSETTS

4. How long did you see the object?     Hours: (about 10 minutes)     Seconds: 

5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of day, i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, etc.: SKY CLEAR, overcast, haze

6. For best of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you, it lights texture seems to move multiple size and texture

7. If time was at night, twilight or dawn, were big stars or moon visible?: Dusk not sure only a few stars

8. [Partially illegible text]

9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or of a glowing mass, was it revolving, etc?: ONLY ONE OBJECT, was it revolving

10. If so, common brightness when the occurrence of the sky?: Bright orange-like a full moon orange arrived

11. [Partially illegible text]

12. Did the object(s):
    a. Appear to stand still at any time? NO
    b. Gradually speed up and rush away at any time? NO
    c. Break up into parts or explode? NO
    d. Give off smoke? NO
    e. Leave a vapor trail? NO
    f. Stop anything? NO
    g. Hover motionless? NO
    h. Change direction? NO
    i. Change color? NO

13-16. [Remaining sections mostly contain illegible or partially filled out text]


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Top portion of text is partially illegible due to image quality]

Lighted about 20
degrees above horizon
fair weather

The object was much further than one mi. away-

[Various directional notes in margins, including:]
PELHAM
PIT

ATKINS
ORANGE
LEVERETT
MONTG.

[Bottom of document shows:]
December 9, 1964

Massachusetts

[Note: Some portions of the text are difficult to read clearly due to the image resolution, so some words may not have been accurately transcribed.]


- page 6 -

Springfield Daily News
SPRINGFIELD, MASS., SATURDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 14, 1964

UFO IS SEEN
HOVERING AT
SHUTESBURY.
Brilliant Orange Disc Reported; Glow Lights Up
Inside of House

AMHERST - A resident of Shutesbury for the past 15 years reported this morning that at 6:30 a.m. he saw an unusually brilliant object in the sky moving from northeast to southwest. Mrs. Harrier E. Smith of West Pelham Rd. described the object as a brilliant orange in color and pear-shaped. She said that it hovered as a full moon, and added that while she had never seen anything like it before, she believed that was what the object was.

"Mrs. Smith said that at the time of the sighting lights were not on in her home but that they were on earlier. She was awakened by the "slow" coming from the object. She said that

(Continued on Page 3)

UFO IS SEEN
(Continued From Page 1)

the incident lasted for approximately 30 seconds. They have not received any reports of unidentified flying objects in the area.

A spokesman at the Westover Air Force Base Information Office said the unidentified flying object was seen by a woman in the 21st Operations on and called Flight Operations to report that it had no information, no subject, and no details. They referred the caller to the Air Force Agency at the base for further investigation.

On a report was received of a UFO at Brimfield.


- page 7 -

NICAF Massachusetts Subcommittee
13 Friend Court,
Waltham, Massachusetts

SUBJECT:    UFO Reports
CONTENTS:   Summer 1958 or 1959 UFO Sightings, Turner, Maine
            October 8, 1960 UFO Sighting, Westford, Massachusetts
            September 6, 1964
            October 22, 1964 UFO Sighting, Shutesbury, Massachusetts
            November 13, 1964 UFO Sighting, Assorted Newclips on UFO Sightings

FROM:       Raymond E. Fowler
            Chairman NICAF Massachusetts Investigating Subcommittee

TO:         National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena
            Washington, D.C.

            cc: USAF (ATIC, FTD)
                Walter Webb

The following UFO Data is submitted for NICAF's files.

[Signature of Raymond E. Fowler]
Raymond E. Fowler
NICAF Investigator

REW/ref


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Could you also tell me the latest AF findings on the Socorro, N.M. UFO sighting report which received quite a bit of newspaper publicity in this area last spring?

I would also appreciate the USAF conclusions on a sighting or landing report in the Glassboro, N.J. area on or about September 5, 1961.

I would also appreciate knowing the USAF position on open Congressional hearings on all aspects of the UFO controversy.

What information can you give me about the various UFO research groups known as NICAP and APRO.

I shall look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience.

Thank you,
[Redacted location]
Bloomfield, Conn.
11/18/64

UFO IS SEEN
HOVERING AT
SHUTESBURY
Brilliant Orange Disc Reported; Glow Lights Up
Inside of House

AMHERST - A resident of Shutesbury for the past 14 years reported this morning that at 6 a.m. he saw a "large, unusually brilliant" object in the sky moving from the northeast to the northwest. It was visible for about a minute.

Mrs. Harris E. Smith of West Pelham Rd. described the object as brilliant orange in color and shaped as a full moon, and added that while she had never seen a "flying saucer," she believed that was what the object was.

Some time after the time of the sighting, lights were not on in her home but the house was completely illuminated. "She saw something coming from the object," coming from the sky.

(Continued on Page 3)

The incident lasted for approximately 60 seconds. A spokesman at the Westover Air Force Base Information Office said they have not received any reports of an unidentified flying objects in the area.

Is this a new procedure on investigating UFO sightings? Has the USAF stopped their investigations and transferred it to the FAA? If so, to whom do I write to obtain the results of such UFO investigations?


- page 9 -

14 NOV SHUTESBURY, MASS                                                AIC

29 December 1964

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in reply to your letter of December 9.

The Air Force conducts a scientific investigation of UFO sightings. In fifteen years of research, no evidence has been found to support the contention that UFOs are extraterrestrial objects under intelligent control. Thousands of UFO observations have been determined to be a misinterpretation of conventional or natural objects.

The Socorro, New Mexico, sighting is still unsolved. However, no evidence was found which indicated that the vehicle was from outer space. Since we cannot find the pilots-who were flying the vehicle, the case will remain unsolved. The lack of radiation and the speed of the vehicle indicates that the craft had not experienced any space residency.

The Glassboro, New Jersey, report is definitely a hoax. The investigation was conducted by several officers from McGuire AFB. After the investigation, the officers determined that the reported sighting was a hoax and that no additional investigation was necessary. Photographs of the area revealed that only one bush was broken. This could easily have been done by applying weight or any other object to the top of the tree.

The newspaper you forwarded on the Shutesbury, Massachusetts, sighting of 14 November 1964 indicates that the object observed was an aircraft. The spokesman from Westover AFB Information Office probably had FAA check for aircraft under their operational control, since all civilian flights are under their jurisdiction. This officer had checked for military aircraft and determined that none were operational in the area. His check with PAA was a routine procedure for evaluating sightings attributed to aircraft observation. Since this report was not forwarded to Wright-Patterson AFB, we can assume that the aircraft was identified by FAA; therefore, no UFO report was submitted.

The object was not an unidentified flying object but an aircraft.


- page 10 -

The NICAP publication, "The UFO Evidence", has been reviewed by the Air Force. The publication is a voluminous collection of reports, facts, opinions, excerpts of investigative reports, and correspondence all designed to support the contention of NICAP that UFOs are a problem of national importance. In it, the Air Force is charged with handling the UFO program in a secretive manner. This secrecy is refuted by the publication itself. Case files are a prime source of the data presented. The document does contain many reports of public and technical personnel. Many of these same reports are in Air Force files with film evaluations of known conventional or natural objects. NICAP's contention that Air Force UFO program has no basis in fact.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Pictorial Branch
Publication Information Division
Office of Information

Mr. [Redacted]
Bloomfield, Connecticut


- page 11 -

