The image contains a photograph or diagram of a silver object with glass covering. The object is described as a "Silver object with glass come. Flame coming out of bottom, disappeared suddenly. Brighter than brightest star. Outlined, solid. Erratic motion. Pulsing 2 sec."

OCR output:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
15 May 1964, 1231 PI

2. LOCATION
Salem, Oregon  

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary 

8. PHOTOS
@ Yes
9 No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
@ Yes
9 No

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION.
Quality of information low degree. Inconsistencies in report and letter such as 1120 vs 1231. Case recorded as traffic. D-2

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report. The image contains a form with questions about the observer's experience of seeing a UFO or similar object.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 1/20

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes - If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself: [Redacted personal information]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Sometime 1964 Mrs. [Redacted]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The page contains a questionnaire form, with question 34 asking "Date you completed this questionnaire:" and the response filled in as "26 Feb 1964".

Text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 26 Feb 1964
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with various information and drawings.

Textual content from the image:
Cape Kent
PARM
FOR
PEACE
SALEM
ORE
Cape Kmocy
Florida

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text that appears to be a letter.

Text transcription:

Dear sir,

I am 11 years old and you may not believe me. But maybe you'll believe me. May 13, 1953, at 1:31 am I was on my farm with a glass dome and as I recall, the reason I did not right before this is because I was scared. What I saw was silver with a glass dome and this was coming out of the bottom on the track near my station 5"3 the reason I did not right before this is because I was scared.

Salem, Oregon

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographic content. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or report.

PTD (TDEW)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
20 OCTOBER 1964

Salem, Oregon

Dear Charles,

This is in response to your letter concerning a sighting of an unidentified object on 15 May 1964. However, it was necessary for the letter to be rerouted several times.

Your description is interesting but did not contain sufficient detail to enable our analysts to make an evaluation. Therefore, we are attaching an PID FORM 164 which we request you complete and return to the Air Force.

We are enclosing a self-addressed envelope for your convenience. Upon receipt of the completed form, a further analysis will be made to determine if you will be notified of our conclusions.

Also attached is a procedure explaining the unidentified flying object program.

Sincerely,

EDWARD J. RUPPELT
Major, USAF 
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire form related to unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified serial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any further investigation, research, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 15 Day March TALL Year 1964
2. Time of day: Hours Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Salem, Marion State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 30 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy c. Bright d. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This seems to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely part of Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or survey for eyewitnesses to fill out regarding their observations of unidentified objects in the sky.

The text from the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight  
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a UFO sighting.

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
It Stayed still in mid air, then it was gone

15. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Buzzing
b. Color Silver 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Bigger than two stick matches put together

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, consisting of a questionnaire with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes NO 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? COVERS 75

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country-side? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other not a 1 sided object

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other
_

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you observed.

It was weird, round, reddish-brown, smoke coming out... a flying object, neither a plane nor a star.

OCR Output:
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes NO 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? COVERS 75

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country-side? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other not a 1 sided object

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you observed.
It was weird, round, reddish-brown, smoke coming out... a flying object, neither a plane nor a star.

- page 10 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

The text on the page includes the following:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 11 -

