PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
10 Jun 64

2. LOCATION
Clayton, Ohio

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT 10/0600Z

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
☒ Ground-Visual ☐ Ground-Radar
☐ Air-Visual ☐ Air-Infrared Radar

5. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
X

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Obj appearing as 1 light

9. COURSE
Motion to South

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Obj appearing as a light. Observed through infra-red glasses believed to be 800 Ft off ground. Motion to South. 50 Ft in height.

11. COMMENTS
Unreliable report indicated by officer receiving call.

12. CONCLUSIONS
☐ Was Balloon
☐ Possibly Balloon
☐ Was Aircraft
☐ Probably Aircraft
☐ Possibly Aircraft
☐ Was Astronomical
☐ Probably Astronomical
☐ Possibly Astronomical
☐ Other: Insufficient Data
☐ Insufficient Data for Evaluation
☒ Unknown


- page 1 -

This chap was real far out
somewhere with talk well
sprinkled with "pads" and
"dads". Couldn't keep him on
the subject enough to
completely feel out questionnaire
he says that he is a
real saucer fan and see
them quite often. Voice
sounded teen age - didn't
reply to a request for age.
Personally I would dump
the report

co Report


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
13     JUNE     1964
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 12:20
               Hour    Minutes
(Circle One):  A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
                            b. Central
                            c. Mountain
                            d. Pacific
                            e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
PILOINS [partially illegible]     OHIO
Nearest Postal Address            City or Town            State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)          32
                                  Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain      c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?  Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright              a. Bright
b. Cloudy              b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 64 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 3 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank space]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know for each item]

Page 2


- page 4 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: _______________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what in front of: _______________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - 
b. Color - 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially actual trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.


- page 5 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                c. East               e. South             g. West
b. Northeast           d. Southeast          f. Southwest         h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ________________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses          Yes   No       e. Binoculars         Yes   No
b. Sun glasses         Yes   No       f. Telescope          Yes   No
c. Windshield          Yes   No       g. Theodolite         Yes   No
d. Window glass        Yes   No       h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last question (26) is left blank with no response written.]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you lost sight of it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document also contains two diagrams: one showing a curved line with angle measurements from 0° to 90°, and a compass rose diagram.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS:                   Clayton      Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER:           AGE:         SEX:

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
Looking at object through INERT RED GLASSES
HAVE HOME MADE POLAR SCREEN
GIRLS SELF IN ELECTRICAL NUT
Sheet about 500 ft off ground
Moving S. toward WHIO TOWER

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day             Month             Year


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Data you completed this questionnaire:
    Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Sixty feet between Saucer top and Saucer bottom.


- page 9 -

