PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD

1. DATE
1 Jun 64

2. LOCATION
Paducah, Kentucky

3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local
GMT n/a

4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
[X] Ground-Visual
□ Air-Visual

5. PHOTOS
No

6. SOURCE
Civilian

7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
n/a

8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

9. COURSE
Found on ground

10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Object found in yard.

11. COMMENTS
Object sent to PMS for analysis. Obj was melted bottle or container composed of plastic which had collapsed upon itself due to heat. Had contained detail Neil and was wrapped in burlap cloth at one time. No indication as to how obj arrived in yard. Impossible for specimen o have had space residence due to its composition.
Slight radioactivity considered normal

12. CONCLUSIONS
□ Was Balloon
□ Probably Balloon
□ Possibly Balloon
□ Was Aircraft
□ Probably Aircraft
□ Possibly Aircraft
□ Was Astronomical
□ Probably Astronomical
□ Possibly Astronomical
□ Other: Insufficient Data for Evaluation
□ Unknown

ATIC FORM 329 (REV 28 SEP 52)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

-5-

microscopic examination. This preparation when viewed by transmitted illumination was found to consist of sand-grains covered with a carbonized coating.

The greenish object was sawed in half and the cross section appeared to be made up entirely of green polystyrene except for a few black carbonized streaks which appeared to be the same as the carbonized material on the outer portion. No cloth was apparent within the cross section.

Infrared Analyses

A chloroform extract was obtained from the dirt for infrared absorption analysis. The black extract was found to contain a long-chain aliphatic hydrocarbon plus some aromatics. More aromatic absorption was found in this extract than normally occurs in most motor fuels. The spectrum appeared more likely to be that of a fuel oil.

The greenish-appearing material, which made up most of the object, was analyzed by infrared absorption techniques and found to be polystyrene.

Black material scraped from the surface of the object was found to be sand plus clay plus hydrocarbon (probably the same as found in the surrounding earth) by infrared analysis.

Analyses of fibers from the object by infrared absorption methods gave mainly absorption bands for SiO2 (probably from the sand) plus traces of polystyrene and traces of hydrocarbon. The woven fibers gave other bands which appear in the right wavelength region to be caused probably by cellulose.


- page 2 -

Emission Spectrographic Analysis

The data for qualitative emission spectrographic analyses of various portions of the unidentified object and surrounding earth are given in Table I. The portions analyzed are identified as follows:

(1) Earth from jar
(2) Chloroform extract of earth from jar
(3) Sandy material from object
(4) Chain-link cloth from object
(5) Straight fiber from object
(6) Green plastic from outside surface of object
(7) Green plastic material from inside surface of object (sectioned surface)
(8) Samples from black streak on sectioned surface.

An indication of the relative amount of each element present in the samples is given by H, M, L, T, or -- standing for high, medium, low, trace, or none found, respectively. The results must be tempered from sample to sample because of differences in sample weights. The samples of earth and plastic were large being of the order of 1 to 10 milligrams whereas the other samples were small being of the order of fractions of a milligram. No unusual amounts nor contents of elements were found for the samples analyzed -- i.e., the findings were in accord with that of a sand-encrusted plastic object and sandy earth saturated with oil. No indication of the cause of the green color in the plastic


- page 3 -

TABLE I

EMISSION SPECTROGRAPHIC DATA FOR UNIDENTIFIED OBJECTS
AND SURROUNDING EARTH

Location | Elements Detected (various chemical element abbreviations)

1. Earth from jar | T H L L L M L H T L L M L L M T

2. Chloroform extract of | -- T T -- T T T -- L -- -- -- -- L -- 
   earth from jar

3. Study material from | T H L L L T M T L L L L M T 
   Object

4. Chain-link cloth | T L T T L -- L -- -- -- T -- M -- 
   from Object

5. Straight fiber | -- L T T L -- L -- T -- -- -- L -- 
   from Object

6. Green plastic from | -- L T T L -- L -- -- -- -- -- L -- -- L -- 
   outside surface of
   Object

7. Green plastic from | -- -- -- -- T -- -- -- -- -- T -- -- 
   inside surfaces of
   Object (cautioned
   surface)

8. Sample from black | -- T T -- L -- -- -- -- -- -- -- T -- 
   streak on sectioned
   surface


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

-8-

was found either by emission spectrographic or by infrared absorption
analyses. Small amounts of green dye are commonly added to plastics
for coloring and would not be detected ordinarily by infrared techniques
at these low concentrations.

Radioactivity Check

A check for radioactivity of the sample, measured with a
survey meter, showed little if any radiation above the normal background
level.

CONCLUSIONS

Based on the above described examinations and data our conclusions
are that the sample is a piece of green-colored polystyrene plastic of the
inexpensive type commonly used for toys, tile, etc. Since (1) polystyrene
objects are not commonly reinforced with cloth, (2) the charred cloth
was apparent only on one side of the object, (3) the odor and infrared
data on the surrounding earth indicate that it was probably saturated with
fuel oil, and (4) the plastic was apparently hot enough to have been molten,
it is believed likely that this is merely a plastic object which has been
covered with a cotton cloth saturated with fuel oil and burned at a high
enough temperature to cause the plastic to become molten. It is not likely
that the object entered from outside the atmosphere since the melting point
of polystyrene is low and the object would very likely have burned completely
upon entering the earth's atmosphere.


- page 5 -

This case contains 3, 4x3" photos, 3, 5x7" photos and 4, 3"x3½" negatives.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC                                UNCLASSIFIED

Magnification 104x

Fig. 3   Cotton Fibers From a Frayed of the Cloth

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION AFSC                                UNCLASSIFIED

Magnification 62x

Fig. 2   Photomicrograph of Three Lines Removed
         from the Fragile Cloth.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC                                UNCLASSIFIED

Magnification 10X

Fig. 1  A Photomicrograph of the Cloth
        in the Plastic.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 9 -

TNCS
Analysis of Physical Specimen                                                6 August 1964

885t Richard A. Maner
Paducah Air Force Recruiting Office 214-11
Room M-12
Post Office Building
Paducah, Kentucky

1. The object which Mrs. [redacted] turned over to you on Monday, 1 June, has been analyzed by our office. A copy of this report is attached. You may inform Mrs. [redacted] of the results of our findings and also notify the news media at Paducah, which expressed interest in this object. To portion of the sample is being returned since the object itself was consumed in the analysis. Essentially the results of the analysis are carried on page 3 of the Attachment. The object was a plastic container of some sort which had been covered with a cotton cloth saturated with fuel oil and burned at a temperature sufficient to cause the plastic to become molten. While we are able to identify the object, we offer no explanation as to why the object was in her possession.

2. While this particular object did not have a space residue, you are to be commended for your action in insuring that the Air Force did obtain an object of potential scientific value.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE                                                        1 Atch
Colonel, USAF                                                                Analysis Report (2 cys)
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems


- page 10 -

Paducah Air Force Recruiting
Office 2141, Room W-12, Post
Office Building, PADUCAH 244-2486
Paducah, Kentucky

Mrs. [redacted] #2 West Paducah, Kentucky, Found this object
in her back yard Monday 1 June 1964, she said she heard something fall in
the yard about 5PM Saturday. She never thought anything about it until she found
this 3x, 3x, and round.

I looked at the area and also took some of the dirt. It burned an area about
4" in diameter.

SSgt Richard A. Miner

Memo for Record:
8 June 1964. Object burned over to Lt F.G. Jacocks for analysis. Will take to
F/3 and ..


- page 11 -

Preliminary Report on Debris Sample - "Moon Dust"

Specimen is of poly sphere. Green color is ordinary and normal size of a low-melting point type.

Appears to be a shaped object ( container for liquid) which on being burned, has collapsed on itself.

That burned up, or continued while burned, heavy fuel oil.

There are some ash being films, probably from grass or weeds present in fire location.

Soil inclusion we mostly sand ( siliceous). This would be the use of the fire was hot enough to burn out the organic matter present, in ordinary earth and/or top soil.

Suggested: Specimen was a bottle shaped plastic container that was used to contain a heavy oil, and was for some reason subjected to burning.

It notes report will follow.

At the bottom of the page are some markings: "BWWP", "67310", and "6 July"


- page 12 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: T2C72/F. Jacocks
SUBJECT: Transmittal of Report

24 July 1964

TO: TDENW (Capt Quintanilla)

1. Reference is made to the plastic sample supplied by TDENW to TDENP with request for examination and analysis on or about 20 June 1964.

2. FWS has completed the requested examination and has submitted a report of the complete findings.

3. Subject report is herewith transmitted for retention by your office.

[Signature]
MARK I. KNAPP, Maj, USAF
Chief,
Producibility Division


- page 13 -

EXAMINATION OF SAMPLES

The greenish object and the samples of earth and grass which surrounded it were examined microscopically and analyzed by emission spectographic and infrared absorption methods. The data for these analyses and observations are given in this report. The objects and the results have been discussed with plastic and petroleum specialists and our observations and conclusions are included in the latter part of this report.

EXPERIMENTAL
Microscopic and Visual Examinations

Examinations of the greenish object visually and microscopically revealed that probably it had been charred and distorted by having been heated to a molten state. One side was covered with sand and plant debris; the latter appeared to be mostly grass roots. This side also displayed some rarely exposed embedded cloth. The other side was primarily greenish-plastic in appearance. Emphasis, in the microscopical examination, was placed on the identification of the charred cloth, since this appeared to be an unusual finding. It was found to be a cotton cloth having a chain-link type knit. Photomicrographs were taken of: (1) the cloth in the plastic; (2) three links of the knit removed from the cloth embedded in the plastic; and (3) fibers from a thread of the cloth. These are included as Figures 1, 2, and 3, respectively.

A specimen of the dirt, collected from the reported 8-inch diameter area encompassing the greenish-object, was embedded in epoxy and a thin-section was prepared by mineralogical polishing techniques for


- page 14 -

-2-

Magnification 10X

Fig. 1 A Photomicrograph of the Cloth in the Plastic.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

-3-

Magnification 65X

Fig. 2   A Photomicrograph of Three Links Removed
         From the Fragile Cloth.


- page 16 -

-4-

Magnification 184x

Fig. 3 Cotton Fibers From a Thread of the Cloth


- page 17 -

