The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form or record card from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The form includes fields for various information such as the date, location, type of observation, duration of observation, and a summary of the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 26 JUN 64
2. LOCATION WESTFIELD, WISCONSIN
3. DATE-TIME GROUP 1-00
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION D Ground-Radar 
5. DURATION 15 MIN
6. BASIS FOR REPORT D USAF
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 15 MIN
8. WEATHER CONDITIONS CL
9. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING Physical specimen brought to be suspect as Ant nest material. No identifiaction could be established. Former investigation in adjoining portion of the country of a skunk or native tracks.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, containing text only.

3 August, 1964

Westfield, Wisconsin

Dear Mrs. [REDACTED],

We have the analysis of your conversation piece back as from your letter of [REDACTED] which you submitted and enclosed with original. The object you described as a strange native copper cover really has the appearance of an opened up copper covering such as further explained in your letter. Native copper is closely tied up with the history of certain areas of the State and the presence of native copper could really opened up the territory.

I am sorry that you have a motorist, but this was a good conversation piece.

Sincerely yours,

J. Allen Hynek
Director

c.c: Major Harold Manner Consultant

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. The OCR output of the text found in the document is as follows:

Keep reference
Westfield, Wis. 53964

We have found several areas in a certain magazine where UFO information did a lot of people did not know and prove their a little strange about defense department information
This will be about a article that is going to be in the magazine and maybe there would be a articles about the defense department information and some mention of the UfO
Having found this information that we are trying to share and have some information to go
Any time we can find this information and send it to you when we can to be very handy
We can be mailed here from it and know about it to be very nice
And we hoped at it to be inform about to learn what to know about

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, possibly related to the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

The text visible in the image is as follows:

AIR MAIL
The Department of the
The Division,
Washington, D.C.
Westfield, Wis. 53964

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on Chicago Tribune letterhead addressed to "Mrs. I. Westfield, Wisconsin 53964" and signed by "Walter J. Hallam, General Information D".

The text of the letter is as follows:

"In reply to your recent inquiry regarding government sightings, the information in our files indicates that prior to All Reports of Defense and Security Cases handled by this office, my office can provide no further information to the proper source. We appreciate and thank you for your kind interest in this matter.

Sincerely,
CHICAGO TRIBUNE
Walter J. Hallam
General Information D"

- page 5 -

