Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 4100-45 JET

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? VERY HIGH, OVERHEAD, WAY UP

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

THE CLOSEST THING FELT WAS A BALL WITH STRANGE THINGS STICKING OUT


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Buffalo 14 New York
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 13   SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
I have an extreme interest in UFOs

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Provost Police Desk, Confirmation Office


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   21   Dec   1965
                                             Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I am not sure of duty though it must have been around the 12d.

it did not go over the horizon, but disappeared into the sky.

my zip code is 14214


- page 4 -

Buffalo, New York
November 30, 1965

Project Blue Book Information Office
S.L.O.C.
Washington, D.C. 20330

Dear Sir:

It happened to be looking up when it saw a silvery object flying over me. At first I thought it was a jet, but then I changed my mind, I had seen other jets that same day and they did not look anything like that. It did look like a jet in some ways, it was going about the same speed as a jet, and it sounded like a jet, except after and left a vapor trail. But, unlike most jets it was seen it's a double away from it, & the craft itself was the size of a pea held at arm's length. It had 1 wings pointing in opposite directions, and a antenna sort of thing sticking out in front with some when it came on the bottom (see note enclosed).

It went behind the house & it walked away. It was on trying to see it, by this time it did see it was on flying more than a dot clearly into the sky, & drawn into my house and circled the time (12:10) (see note enclosed).

Please inform if you found out what it was. You are free to ask any other questions concerning the UFO.

Yours truly,


- page 5 -

Buffalo, New York 14214

Project Blue Information of
ADIC
Washington, D.C. 20330

[There is also a postmark stamp dated 1 DEC 1965]


- page 6 -

Text found in the image:

No. 1

Direction of Flt

(There is also some partially illegible text near the elongated object on the right side of the sketch)

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified flying object. The sketch shows a star-like object with a central circular area and radiating points, with an elongated object to the side and an indication of its flight direction.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

No. 2
PARK

When I
saw it

Woodward
McAdoo

Length of observation - 5 MIN.

The document appears to be a hand-drawn map or sketch with street names and directional arrows, along with a notation about the length of observation.


- page 8 -

FTD (TDEN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
13 December 1965

Buffalo, New York 14214

Dear [redacted]

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you complete was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 9 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
12 Nov 1965
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 12 10
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): (a) Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Postal address is blacked out]
Buffalo    New York
City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   c. Not very sure
   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? guessing

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No ✓

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 10 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank lines]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[A table with columns for Yes, No, and Don't know for each of these questions]

Page 2 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
A House got IN The way OF My V:sion. Then it FLEW ON, A Few feet To the LEFT To see it again.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   like jet, but softer
b. Color   a dusk silver

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
All 5-6 the, I saw, horizon and vapor trail would have (?) been covered.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with a dome, vapor trail, and directional arrows is included on the page]


- page 12 -

