Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
25 February 55 25/1530

2. LOCATION
8 Rockville, Maryland

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
6-8 in 1 Cluster

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 - 5 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Northerly

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
Other (BIRDS) Report is unwarranted, but

Nothing presented to indicate that the objects could NOT have been birds, main of motion of report

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Cluster of 6-8 objects observed during daylight with an shifting intermittently with storm clouds moving "easterly". Objects were observed in ND direction slightly N of North. Total observation 2-5 minutes. Sky was dark. Intermittent rain. Objects appeared to be solid about as bright as Stars. Motions was erratic, objects changed in 9th shapes and flashed or flickered. Thought to be about 15 miles away. Disappeared behind clouds. Objects were white, round or maybe flat. Motion was in a cluster and included drifting. For relative position of distance on individual objects flitting from cluster and returning to same. Elevation estimated at 15 degrees.

FORM
FTD SEP 53 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Sara Kint/at/SAFCIC/72842/22 Mar 65

Dear Mrs. [redacted]

Reference is made to the recent UFO report which you submitted to the Air Force for evaluation.

It is the conclusion of the Air Force that the objects which you observed were birds. Information contained in your report indicated that these birds exhibited characteristics similar to simulators.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

[redacted]
Damascus, Maryland, 20750


- page 2 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

Dear [redacted]

Attached is FTD Form 164 which is used for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects to the Air Force. In order for the Air Force to evaluate these reports, this form should be completed as fully as possible and returned to this office. You will be advised of the conclusions reached by the Air Force concerning your report.

Sincerely,
MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
FTD Form 164
[redacted]
Damascus, Maryland

[Signature at bottom of page]


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
25     Feb.     1965
Day     Month     Year

2. Time of day: 10     30
               Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard
a.
b.

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
3 mi. XXXXXX Rockville     S. Rockville, Md.     Montgomery
Nearest Postal Address     City or Town          State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
about 2 to 5 min.
        Hours    Minutes    Seconds

(Circle One): a. Certain
             b. Fairly certain
             c. Not very sure
             d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    Watched

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes X    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                     NIGHT
(Circle One): a. Bright                 a. Bright
             b. Cloudy                  b. Cloudy
                                        Sun shown intermittently
                                        as dark storm clouds traveled
                                        eastwardly

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right
             d. To your left
             e. Overhead
             f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):     8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                      a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                     b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                      c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember             d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):             WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                     a. Dry
    b. Hazy                          b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds               c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds          d. Snow
                                      e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                         d. As a light
    b. Transparent                   e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                      c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                        d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred     e. Other: round and clear
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined
                 d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                     (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still or any time?        Yes    No    Don't know (see item 23)
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   Yes    No    Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?            Yes    No    Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                            Yes    No    Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                         Yes    No    Don't know
    f. Change shape?                              Yes    No    Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                          Yes    No    Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                    Yes    No    Don't know


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
In and out of the clouds, up and down, back and forth but steadily moving forward

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: Clouds

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Too far to hear anything--at least 15 miles.
b. Color - White

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
only a part of the head of the match would be covered.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an oval/elliptical object with accompanying handwritten notes that are partially illegible, describing the object's movement and appearance across the sky from west to east in a smooth flight path.]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? The cluster of 6 to 8 objects was progressing at about 5 miles per minute; individual objects flitting from and returning to the cluster were traveling approximately 7,000 miles per hour.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? about 15 or more miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. inside a building - 7th floor
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank] miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
White, round - maybe flat


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

about 6 or 8


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Coast & Geodetic Survey
Washington Science Center
S. Rockville, Md. 20852

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
Damascus 20750 Md.
Office
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 52 SEX Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
25 2 65
Day Month Year

Public Information Division
Office of Information
USAF


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    4   3   65
    Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The page is Page 7 and appears to be a blank form with space for additional comments about a UFO sighting.


- page 10 -

