NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
Inter-Office Correspondence
Date November 4, 1966

To Prof. J. Allen Hynek, Chairman
Dept. Astronomy

From Dr. E. H. T. Whitten
Dept. Geology

Dear [redacted]

The specimen is certainly not a UFO. Clearly it is a metamorphic rock. Having come from the general region of Aberdeen, Maryland, it could well be of relatively local origin because there is a wide assortment of metamorphosed sedimentary rocks to the west and northwest of that town.

It was somewhat surprising to find such scant information about the location of the "find." I would strongly suggest that the Air Force be encouraged to get informants to provide accurate information about the precise location of "finds." A little sketch map would help if any report required follow up by an investigation team.

Sincerely,
[signature redacted]

EHTW/f


- page 1 -

FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
13 June 1966

Havre de Grace, Maryland 21078

Dear

Reference your recent unidentified observation. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 2 -

Off Staff
Washington DC
Dear Sir:-

About 3 days after the light went out in New York, I ask a Pare dune who explained me home from Berne at the Ligon saw this light in the sky, and it came down 30 or 40 foot off of the road, and it was a ball of light about 6 ft. in diameter, and when it hit the ground it pointed and was spread out 40 foot in the field and the water as flat as I sent a sample to American Geological Inst.
210 Constitution Ave. N.W.
Washington D.C.

This is not a stone or it would not have been on fire as it did at that time.

The one in Deca at work and a Ball of fire came down and by the time I the bottom at home to see at they found that at all but a trip.
                                    (end 164)


- page 3 -

I believe that if I came to
Washington, I could do better
than white-icy. I am retired from
the Brown Ground, and have plenty
of time of my own.
If you wish to hear from you
remain

Maryland

My Davis driven lists at


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
3 Night after the light was out in New York

2. Time of Day: 11 and
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Coming home from a legion home
Aberdeen, same out that night Aberdeen, Md. Maryland

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours Minutes Seconds About 1 minute

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                NIGHT
a. Bright                          a. Bright
b. Cloudy                          b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you         d. To your left
b. In back of you                  e. Overhead
c. To your right                   f. Don't remember

FORM
TD OCT 62 154    This form supersedes AFTO 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Translucent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Electric light.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: It was a ball of fire about 6 ft in dia and about 5 ft as it came down.

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
about 50 ft apart from the rock and they just all went out.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: ______

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: ______

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   None
b. Color:   Yellow light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much would have been covered by the match head?
It was about 6 to 7 yards and when I went out the next morning on the ground was still wet, and I could see on the ground for a circle about 6 ft.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple hand-drawn circle is present in the sketch area]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 50 ft. up the Road

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other Driving home at night

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 50 miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Question 26 is left blank]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Handwritten note at bottom of page:
I will send you a brief if material that at any point in the mail. It sent the following place Aberdeen Proving Ground


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted text]
Aberdeen Md.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS Home Dr. 21078
TELEPHONE NUMBER                 AGE 71   SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I give Sample of material Geological from American Geological Survey Washington 2181 Constitution Ave N.W. Washington Geological Survey of America 419 W 117th Street New York 24 N.Y.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
3 days after the flight
went out on New York 42


- page 10 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 25 June 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Dwight be going west to my army Co. Barnett along then out 30 or north. So I might stop on my way home if it would (Chicago ill)

[Note: Part of the text is obscured by a black redaction]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the page:

Here is a sample if
you want a large piece to will
do over in the field and get one.

Note: The text appears to be handwritten and the transcription reflects the exact wording and potential grammatical quirks of the original text.

The page is labeled "Page 8" in the top right corner.


- page 12 -

