PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 5 August 1965 06/033OZ
2. LOCATION: Greensburg, Pennsylvania (1) Witness
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Westerly
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: No data presented to indicate that an A/C could not have caused the sighting.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: See Case of 13 August by same witness for details.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

January 12, 1966

To: Major Hector Quintanilla USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio 45433

This is to report a call I made to Mr. [redacted] of Greensburg, Pennsylvania, relative to his sightings of August 11th and August 13th, and that of his wife, of August 5th, 1965.

Mr. [redacted] now runs his own business called [redacted] Inc. which is not only a business of maintenance and programing, but they are devising means of furnishing real time computer services to business organizations, etc. Until he began his own company he was a nuclear physicist with [redacted] in Pittsburgh, working on nuclear rocket propulsion.

I had a long talk with him. He is not only articulate and obviously scientifically oriented, but he is also a member of the Pittsburgh NICAP group. He apparently gets into some hot arguments with the loose thinkers in the group, however, to hear his story. At any rate, his interest in UFO's stems largely from the idea of linking a number of them up with ball lightning.

He told me of a case, reported to NICAP, of one of the Pittsburgh people having been buzzed by a bright ball of light that rode directly over his car and then landed in a nearby field. NICAP has this report, and we do not.

Coming to his particular sighting: In all three cases these were of a bright light, apparently very much brighter than Echo, when first seen, and then fading out as they approached the horizon. Their resemblance to satellites, as far as motion was concerned, was good except that in all three cases the motion was from east to west. There seems to be no mistake about this, since he lists altitude and azimuth.


- page 2 -

The sighting of August 13th, 12:17 AM Eastern Daylight Saving Time, thus August 13th 0117 UT., is the best reported, and I will give that and then mention the other two sightings different from that.

Mr. [redacted] had been cut most of the night watching for the second appearance of the object he sighted the night before. On the hypothesis that it was a retrograde satellite he kept a vigil all that evening outside his house and had gone in for just a few minutes before 12:17 A.M. and says he kicked himself for doing that since. When he got outside, there was his bright object directly overhead, apparently having come from the east. It was almost exactly in the zenith and proceeded at a rate of about 2° per second until it was about 30 or 40° from the western horizon, where it faded out. It covered the entire journey in 25 plus or minus 5 seconds (when we retimed it from memory over the telephone, it came out 35 seconds). He stated that the object seemed to move definitely faster than Echo, but by no means as fast as a meteor.

He rules out a slow meteor on several counts. He also rules out aircraft because he says they are in the New York-Pittsburgh flight pattern and he is extremely familiar with planes from that standpoint, and from the fact that he was in the Naval Air Force as a radar operator for four years.

It is interesting to note that if the objects on successive nights had been a retrograde satellite, the period would have been 1 hour and 35 minutes, thus giving an average height of 327 miles and an angular speed very much like that observed. There is the outside possibility that he observed a captured natural satellite which would have had a life of just a few days at most. He watched that night until dawn but the object did not reappear. Since the next passage would have been considerably to the west, the object might have been lost in the earth's shadow at about 2:00 A.M.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-3-

Mr. [redacted] is obviously intelligent, scientifically trained and quite competent as an observer. Since he is emphatic on the point that he is well acquainted with high-flying jobs and that he "always hears them" we are faced with more of a problem than if we could dismiss this as an aircraft.

Concerning the other sightings: The first sighting was made on Thursday, August 5th. The passage was apparently very similar to August 13th except that there was no noon. The time was 1130 P.M. Eastern Daylight Saving Time. The sighting of August 11th was not so well placed in the sky. It was observed at about only 20° elevation above the southwestern horizon, having come into sight directly in the south and then proceeding in a northwesterly direction. With the slant height implied by the low elevation, this could very well have been an aircraft too far away to be heard. It is harder to apply this interpretation to the objects which were soon directly overhead.

If we adopt 2° per second as the apparent angle of velocity, reference to our tables shows that a craft at 10,000 foot would be doing 250 miles per hour, or at 5 miles, 625 miles per hour. Because of the very great brightness of the light I would favor something close by, a Piper Cub, for instance, 3 to 5,000 foot above him. Of course, he will deny this, but it seems the most logical. A jet would have to be very high not to be heard, and the brilliance of the light argues against this height.

There is the possibility of a captured retrograde natural satellite and there is the unidentified category. Because it appeared on several nights, and was in each case a one-witness matter, and the motion is not unlike that of an aircraft, I would tend to disregard the lack of sound and put this down as possible aircraft. Don't tell this to Mr. [redacted] because he will stoutly argue against this.


- page 4 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 13 August 1965 13/0412

2. LOCATION: Greensburg, Pennsylvania (1)

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 25 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: West

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: No data presented to indicate that an a/c could NOT be the cause of the report. Details in accord with this evaluation.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Three reports of light only in flight to west. Resembled satellite ECHO except about 2X as bright as Venus.


- page 5 -

January 12, 1966

To: Major Hector Quintanilla USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio 45433

This is to report a call I made to Mr. [redacted] of Greensburg, Pennsylvania, relative to his sightings of August 11th and August 13th, and then of his wife, of August 9th, 1965.

[redacted] now runs his own business called [redacted] Inc. which is not only a business of maintenance and programming, but they are devising means of furnishing real time computer services to business organizations, etc. Until he began his own company he was a nuclear physicist with Westinghouse in Pittsburgh, working on nuclear rocket propulsion.

I had a long talk with him. He is not only articulate and obviously scientifically oriented, but he is also a member of the Pittsburgh NICAP group. He apparently gets into some hot arguments with the loose thinkers in the group, however, to hear his story. At any rate, his interest in UFO's stems largely from the idea of linking a number of them up with ball lightning.

He told me of a case, reported to NICAP, of one of the Pittsburgh people having been passed by a bright ball of light that rode directly over his car and then landed in a nearby field. NICAP has this report, and we do not.

Coming to his particular sighting: In all three cases there were of a bright light, apparently very much brighter than Echo, when first seen, and then fading out as they approached the horizon. Their resemblance to satellites, as far as motion was concerned, was good except that in all three cases the motion was from east to west. There seems to be no mistake about this, since he lists altitude and azimuth.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

The sighting of August 13th, 12:17 AM Eastern Daylight Saving Time, thus August 13th 4:17 UTC, is the best reported, and I will give that and then mention the other two sightings different from that.

Mr. [redacted] had been out most of the night watching for the second appearance of the object he sighted the night before. On the hypothesis that it was a retrograde satellite he kept a vigil all that evening outside his house and had gone in just a few minutes before 12:17 A.M. and says he kicked himself for doing that since. When he got outside, there was his bright object directly overhead, apparently having come from the east. It was almost exactly in the zenith and proceeded at a rate of about 2° per second until it was about 30 or 40° from the western horizon, where it faded out. It covered the entire journey in 25 plus or minus 5 seconds (when he retimed it from memory over the telephone, it came out 35 seconds). He stated that the object seemed to move definitely faster than Echo, but by no means as fast as a meteor. He rules out a slow meteor on several counts. He also rules out aircraft because he says they are in the New York-Pittsburgh flight pattern and he is extremely familiar with planes from that standpoint, and from the fact that he was in the Naval Air Force as a radar operator for four years.

It is interesting to note that if the object on successive nights had been a retrograde satellite, the period would have been 1 hour and 35 minutes, thus giving an average height of 327 miles and an angular speed very much like that observed. There is the outside possibility that he observed a captured natural satellite which would have had a life of just a few days at most. He watched that night until dawn but the object did not reappear. Since the next passage would have been considerably to the west, the object might have been lost in the earth's shadow at about 2:00 A.M.


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-3-

Mr. [redacted] is obviously intelligent, scientifically trained and quite competent as an observer. Since he is emphatic on the point that he is well acquainted with high-flying jets and that he "always hears them" we are faced with more of a problem than if we could dismiss this as an aircraft.

Concerning the other sightings. The first sighting was made on Thursday, August 5th. The passage was apparently very similar to August 13th except that there was no moon. The time was 11:30 P.M. Eastern Daylight Saving Time. The sighting of August 11th was not so well placed in the sky. It was observed at about only 20° elevation above the southwestern horizon, having come into sight directly in the south and then proceeding in a northeasterly direction. With the slant height implied by this low elevation, this could very well have been an aircraft too far away to be heard. It is harder to apply this interpretation to the objects which were seen directly overhead.

If we adopt 2° per second as the apparent angle of velocity, reference to our tables shows that a craft at 10,000 feet would be doing 250 miles per hour, or at 5 miles, 625 miles per hour. Because of the very great brightness of the light I would favor something closely a Paper Clip, for instance, 5,000 feet above him. Of course, he will deny this, but it seems the most logical. A jet would have to be very high, not to be heard, and the brilliance of the light argues against this height.

There is the possibility of a captured retrograde natural satellite and there is the unidentified category. Because it appeared on several nights, and was in each case a one-witness matter, and the motion is not unlike that of an aircraft, I would tend to disregard the lack of sound and put this down as possible aircraft. Don't tell this to Mr. Beene because he will stoutly argue against this.


- page 8 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDESW
SUBJECT: UFO Sightings, 11 & 13 Aug 65, Greensburg, Pennsylvania

TO: HQ USAF SAFOIS (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

1. Mr. [redacted], Nuclear Physicist, has requested an evaluation of his sightings on the night of 11 Aug and the morning of 13 Aug. While the object resembled a satellite in appearance, orbital characteristics to the west are not in accord with present launching practices. The only recorded case of a recorded satellite occurring in the latter part of 1960 when the Grumman Aircraft Tracking Units attempted to plot an orbit was unsuccessful. In addition to the directional component, the duration indicated is rather short for the satellites in orbit. In fact, the duration of 25 seconds for a considerable are difficult, approaches allow methods.

2. Since Mr. [redacted] feels that the observation could not have been an aircraft, we are forwarding his report to the Air Force Consultant, Dr J Allen Hynek, Director of Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois, for his opinion as to the nature of these observations. Should Dr Hynek desire additional information, he will contact Mr Beene upon his return from Europe in October.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC J de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164
(Mr. [redacted])

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 9 -

Mrs. Hunt/man/SAFOICC/7284/15 sep 65

SEP 15 1965

[Most of the middle text is partially illegible due to document quality, but appears to be a formal letter discussing satellite observations]

Sincerely,
[Signature area]
James Grade, Date:

[Bottom of document shows administrative routing information]

Coord cy - SAFOIC-2
Comsk cy - SAFOIC-2
Reader cy - SAFOIC-1
Activity cy - SAFOIC-2
Stayback

Letterhead location appears to be Greensburg, Pennsylvania, 1965


- page 10 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
MEMORANDUM

Pursuant with
Westinghouse

Harrisburg, Penna
Zip Code
16601

sightings of
night of Aug 12
Aug 11
Aug 5


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

[HEADER]
13aug 120772
8 SEP 1965

ITEM
UFO Sighting, 11 @ 13 Aug 65, Greensburg, Pennsylvania

Hq USAF SAPDOG (New Bern)
Wash D C 20330

1. Mr _________, Nuclear Physicist, has requested an evaluation of his sightings on the night of 11 Aug and the morning of 13 Aug while the object resembled a satellite in appearance, orbital characteristics to the west as no not known present launching practices. The only recorded case of a retrograde satellite occurred in the later part of 1960 when the Grumman Aircraft Tracking Units attempted to plot an orbit without success. In addition to the directional components, the duration indicated is rather short for a considerable are distance, approaches slow meteor speeds.

2. Since Mr _______ feels that the observation could not have been an aircraft, we are forwarding his report to the Air Force Consultant, Dr J Allen Rynek, Director of Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois, for his opinion as to the nature of these observations. Should Dr Rynek desire additional information he will contact Mr _______ upon his return from Europe in October.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONGHEURE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
PID Form 164
(Mr Scene)

ORIGINATOR: TDES/UFO    Maj R Quintanilla, Jr    DATED 26 Aug 65


- page 12 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
13 August 1965
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 00 17
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Daylight Saving
(Circle One): a. Central
b. Mountain
c. Pacific
d. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Partially obscured text] GREENSBURG, PA 15601
City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
25
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

5.1 How was time in sight determined?: WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?: Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY    NIGHT
a. Bright    a. Bright
b. Cloudy    b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 13 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
3 times AS BRIGHT AS planet VENUS

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other:

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
As the object moved to the WEST (heading approx 245°) LIGHT GRADUALLY became dimmer - it did not disappear over HORIZON

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   NO   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:_______

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   NO   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:_______

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound:   ALONE
    b. Color:   WHITE LIGHT

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
ALL of it

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
NONE


- page 15 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [No response]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [No response]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [No response] miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes   No
b. Sun glasses Yes   No
c. Windshield Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No

e. Binoculars Yes   No
f. Telescope Yes   No
g. Theodolite Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A BRIGHT SATELLITE IN ORBIT


- page 16 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
Object showed exact characteristics of orbit vehicle

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
SAME LOCATION ON 8-11-65
REFER TO Lorem FTD - 164, ART. #35

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   [NO]
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED] PA
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]   AGE 35   SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Profession: Nuclear Physicist
Service: 4 year NAVAL AIR FORCE - Radar Operator
Past member: American Rocket Society
Academic interest in UFO's SINCE 1957 and satellite interest SINCE 1957

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
13   August   1965   Col. James NURAD ENT AFB
                     Mr. Rosenzweig Goddard SFC Wash
                     Lt. Col. MM Jacks SAFO I


- page 18 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    13    August    1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Wednesday August 11    1965 at 20°(GW) at 20° above horizon. Direction ESE to WWW.

1 plate - negative white    
film to show

(1) Night appeared at 20°(GW) at 20° above horizon
(2) No erratic movement - very smooth
(3) Time of sighting approx. 10:42 EDT
(4) Weather clear w/ light haze - bright moon-lite
(5) Magnitude of sight - approximately same as Venus at 20° elevation
(6) Comment - appeared sunlight reflected from object, had all characteristics of satellite in orbit, light intensity faded to non-visible, slow horizon.

(7) Note: quite definitely an East to West path
Balloon on sighting much be ruled out...

Thursday with
actually fairly Missing
August 13 1965

(1) Night approximately reached morning inside due West 20°- 21°
(2) No erratic movement - very smooth
(3) Time of sighting approx. 12:17 AM EDT
(4) Weather clear w/ light haze - full moon, bright
(5) Magnitude of 5 times Venus at 20° elevation
(6) Comment - appeared moonlight reflected from object, had all characteristics of Satellite in orbit, light intensity faded to non-visible above horizon.

Shall just waited carefully here into the open skies of sighting - it was much clearly, visible as it approached from the East.


- page 19 -

Thursday August 5 1965: Mrs. [redacted] (wife) observed sighting as previously described for August 13 1965 except: no moon; object observed directly overhead by: clock, time 11:30 PM EDT, object approached directly from East, about 85°.

Any other information by Mrs. [redacted] not necessarily reliable as per trained observer.

Note: I should like to request return information on nature of this sighting. Please feel free to contact me for any further additional information if not presented here - I cannot feel free yet only details though.


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

(7) Same as above

Thursday, August 5, 1965: Who (wife) observed sighting as previously described for August 13, 1965 except: motion, object observed briefly, received by clouds, time 11:30 PM EDT, object approached directly from East about 85°.

Any other information by Mrs. [redacted] not necessarily reliable as per trained observer.

Note: I should like to request return information on nature of this sighting. Please feel free to contact me for any further additional information if not presented here - I cannot feel I've left out any details though.

Page 8 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 21 -

January 12, 1966

To: Major Hector Quintanilla USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio 45433

This is to report a call I made to Mr. [redacted] of Greensburg, Pennsylvania, relative to his sightings of August 11th and August 13th, and that of his wife, of August 5th, 1965.

Mr. [redacted] now runs his own business called General Computer Services, Inc. which is not only a business of maintenance and programming, but they are devising means of furnishing real time computer services to business organizations, etc. Until he began his own company he was a nuclear physicist with Westinghouse in Pittsburgh, working on nuclear rocket propulsion.

I had a long talk with him. He is not only articulate and obviously scientifically oriented, but he is also a member of the Pittsburgh NICAP group. He apparently gets into some hot arguments with the loose thinkers in the group, however, to hear his story. At any rate, his interest in UFO's stems largely from the idea of linking a number of them up with ball lightning.

He told me of a case, reported to NICAP, of one of the Pittsburgh people having been buzzed by a bright ball of light that rode directly over his car and then landed in a nearby field. NICAP has this report, and we do not.

Coming to his particular sightings: In all three cases these were of a bright light, apparently very much brighter than Echo, when first seen, and then fading out as they approached the horizon. Their resemblance to satellites, as far as motion was concerned, was good except that in all three cases the motion was from east to west. There seems to be no mistake about this, since he lists altitude and azimuths.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

The sighting of August 13th, 12:17 A.M. Eastern Daylight Saving Time, thus August 13th 4:17 U.T., is the best reported, and I will give that and then mention the other two sightings differ from that.

Mr. [redacted] had been out most of the night watching for the second appearance of the object he sighted the night before. On the hypothesis that it was a retrograde satellite he kept a vigil all that evening outside his house and had gone in for just a few minutes before 12:17 A.M. and says he kicked himself for doing that since. When he got outside, there was his bright object directly overhead, apparently having come from the east. It was almost exactly in the zenith and proceeded at a rate of about 2° per second until it was about 30 or 40° from the western horizon, where it faded out. It covered the entire journey in 25 plus or minus 5 seconds (when we timed it from memory over the telephone, it came out 35 seconds). He stated that the object seemed to move definitely faster than Echo, but by no means as fast as a meteor.

He rules out a slow meteor on several counts. He also rules out aircraft because he says they are in the New York-Pittsburgh flight pattern and he is extremely familiar with planes from that standpoint, and from the fact that he was in the Naval Air Force as a radar operator for four years.

It is interesting to note that if the objects on successive nights had been a retrograde satellite, the period would have been 1 hour and 35 minutes, thus giving an average height of 327 miles and an angular speed very much like that observed. There is the outside possibility that he observed a captured natural satellite which would have had a life of just a few days at most. He watched that night until dawn but the object did not reappear. Since the next passage would have been considerably to the west, the object might have been lost in the earth's shadow at about 2:00 A.M.


- page 23 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-3-

Mr. [redacted] is obviously intelligent, scientifically trained and quite competent as an observer. Since he is emphatic on the point that he is well acquainted with high-flying jets and that he "always hears them" we are faced with more of a problem than if we could dismiss this as an aircraft.

Concerning the other sightings: The first sighting was made on Thursday, August 5th. The passage was apparently very similar to August 13th except that there was no moon. The time was 11:30 P.M. Eastern Daylight Saving Time. The sighting of August 11th was not so well placed in the sky. It was observed at about only 20° elevation above the southwestern horizon, having come into sight directly in the south and then proceeding in a northwesterly direction. With the slant height implied by the low elevation, this could very well have been an aircraft too far away to be heard. It is harder to apply this interpretation to the objects which were seen directly overhead.

If we adopt 2° per second as the apparent angle of velocity, reference to our tables shows that a craft at 10,000 feet would be doing 250 miles per hour, or at 5 miles, 625 miles per hour. Because of the very great brightness of the light I would favor something close by, a Piper Cub, for instance, 3 to 5,000 feet above him. Of course, he will deny this, but it seems the most logical. A jet would have to be very high not to be heard, and the brilliance of the light argues against this height.

There is the possibility of a captured retrograde natural satellite and there is the unidentified category. Because it appeared on several nights, and was in each case a one-witness matter, and the motion is not unlike that of an aircraft, I would tend to disregard the lack of sound and put this down as possible aircraft. Don't tell this to Mr. [redacted] because he will stoutly argue against this.


- page 24 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 12 August 1965, 12:00-24:00

2. LOCATION: Greensburg, Pennsylvania (1)

3. SOURCE: Civilian

10. CONCLUSION: No data presented to indicate that an a.c could "CT" have been cause of the event

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: Direction miles out satellite. Portion missing. Other elements in accord with sighting.

8. PHOTOS:
□ Yes: No image
□ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE:
□ Yes
□ No

Saw light at 20 deg elevation in flight from 135 to NNW. Smooth flight, not erratic. WA 6th magnitude. Bright moonlight. Same appearance as a satellite.

Directions miles out satellite. Portion missing. Other elements in accord with sighting. Times made three reports in August 1965 (5, 11, 13).

So 13 August for complete file.

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 25 -

UFO sighting, 11 & 13 Aug 65, Greensburg, Pennsylvania

Hq USAF SAVOICE (Was Hint)
Wash D C 20330

1. Mr _____ Nuclear Physicist, has requested an evaluation
of his sightings on the nights of 11 and 13 Aug 65 while
the object resembled a satellite in appearance, orbital
characteristics to the user are not in accord with present launching
practices. The only recorded case of reentry satellite occurred
in the latter part of 1960 when the German Aircraft Tracking Units
attempted to plot an orbit which necessitates. In addition the
directional component, the duration indicated is rather short for
the satellite in orbit. In fact, the duration of 25 seconds for
a considerable are distance, approaches slow meteor speeds.

2. Since Mr _____ feels that the observation could not have been
an aircraft, he forwarded his report to the Air Force Command:
Dr J Allen Hynek, Director of Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern
University, Evanston, Illinois, for his opinion as to the nature of
these observations. Should a Dr _____ desire additional information
he will contact Mr _____ upon his return from Europe in October.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

ORIGINATOR:
UFOB/UFO     Maj E Chisanilk, Jr

1 Atch
FTD Form 164
(Ist Rsvn)

DATED: ________


- page 26 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   18   August   1965
                                                    Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Wednesday August 11   1965:   Object appeared at 200° (SW) at 20° above horizon.   Direction 255° to WNW.

1 photo - negative results
film to show

    1. No erratic movement - very smooth
    2. Time of sighting approx. 10:42 EDT
    3. Weather clear w/ slight haze - bright moonlite
    4. Magnitude of sight - approximately same as Venus at 20° elevation
    5. Comment - object had all characteristics of satellite in orbit, light intensity faded to non-visible above horizon.

Thursday Nite
actually Friday Morning
August 13 1965

    1. Sight appeared partly overhead moving slowly due West 200°- 265°
    2. No erratic movement - very smooth
    3. Time of sighting approx. 12:17 AM EDT
    4. Weather clear w/ light haze - full moon, bright
    5. Magnitude of 3 times Venus at 20° elevation
    6. Comment - object w/ moonlight reflected from object, had all characteristics of satellite in orbit, light intensity faded to non-visible above horizon.

Shall find well-lighted object into the open at time of sighting - it was much brightly visible as it approached from the Earth.


- page 27 -

