Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 76 E 120 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other Driving place near home

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No

e. Binoculars      Yes   No
f. Telescope       Yes   No
g. Theodolite      Yes   No
h. Other _________________

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw
Few dimens plates with a wing of red wire of square lights in the middle


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

JUST ONE


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No, former sightings

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mrs. R.P. St Irwin, Co 15042

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [street redacted] Irwin City [zone redacted] Pa State
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 13 SEX male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
[blank]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
8 November 1965
[additional text in bottom right appears partially illegible]

Page 6 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 Jan 1966
    Day    Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I was standing on my driveway, facing to the northern horizon of same the object. I watched it as it moved in a elliptical orbit, moved slowly as it appeared to me at a distance of about 1 mile. I stood and viewed what I was doing. I called my mother, who was in our cellar, I pointed the object out to her. She came up, she said, "he can't see what he's watching." I for a minute later, my mother went inside. I stepped out and watched the object. Then it reappeared in if --- the point had turned off the lights. This was the first I saw of it.

Page 7


- page 4 -

Dear Maj. Quintanilla,

My name is [redacted]

Long time station spread out and live in Park Meadows (housing plan). I spotted a U.F.O. to the north of me. I do not know the exact day but it was the first week of November at mine's clock.

Helen (was) standing in my driveway & noticed in the sky a ring of lights. This object was orbiting above some point on the ground as it looked to me. The object had a ring of rotating lights in the middle and had a glow on the top and bottom. I saw sight of it for 10 minutes later. My friend, I spotted to me that some body was here on the hill of our place.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

said that an object of similar design
landed on the dirt road island the
plane. This piece will bring information
on that object

started ↑

[hand-drawn sketch of a disc/saucer-like object]

I am interested in aeronautics and
I know of no design of craft yet
like this that

About a week before I spotted this
U.F.O., my mother disappeared one evening
over a line at tree top altitude.
(DINER: Camp in Place, Penna. - Dist. Porter
Rd.) This success has similar description
to the spotted above. But I included
another sketch of my mother's description

[second hand-drawn sketch of a similar disc/saucer-like object]


- page 6 -

- 2 -

My Mother spotted this about one week earlier than I spotted mine at approximately 10:20 P.M. Please send me a letter on your conclusions. This is all of the information I have to date.

Yours truly,
[Signature redacted]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

R. Potts Lamm, Pa.

Maj. H. Quintanilla
Head of Project Blue Book
c/o Aerospace Department of Defense
Washington, D.C.

The document also has a postage stamp with a Christmas-themed image and a postmark from 1965.


- page 8 -

FTD (TDSW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
5 January 1966

Erwin, Pennsylvania

Dear [redacted]:

Reference your unidentified observation of November. The information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PFM Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 9 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
6 March 1965
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: Approximately
           Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Postal address is redacted]
City or Town                   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
about 10           
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

a. Certain            c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain     d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? [Handwritten text, partially illegible]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes            No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright          a. Bright
b. Cloudy          b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light?
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No, did not disappear

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ______

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ______

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   no sound it all
b. Color   white, like a light, with two prongs of light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Approximately 1/2 of a match head

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The page includes a hand-drawn sketch of the object with annotations]


- page 12 -

