PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
11 August 65 (Night)

2. LOCATION
Waterford, Connecticut

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
IMAGINATION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. COMMENTS
Moon is under constant surveillance by many astronomical observers, professional and amateur astronomers as well as amateur observers with optical equipment. No reports of object orbiting moon have been received.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Probably over 1 Hour

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Orbiting Moon

8. PHOTOS
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[X] No

Witness observed object orbiting the moon

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Aug/11/65

Air Force Intelligence
Washington D.C.

Dear Sir,

You must get quite a lot of flying saucer reports every so often, some are from cranks, and some are because of weather, heat, dust, etc. What ever the case you must get quite a lot. I have something that may interest you. Something different then a flying saucer story.

This evening I went to a drive-in movie at the Waterford Drive-in in Waterford, Connecticut to see a historical movie intitled Genghis Khan and its co-feature The Rain Must Fall which I saw before. It was about twenty five minutes of nine, the sky was clear and the moon was out. I happened to glance up at the moon because since I had seen The Rain Must Fall (which played first) before I wasn't very interested in it. I was alone in the car as I did not have a date for the evening. So, I was looking at the moon when I noticed a very dark speck or object moving across the face of the moon, in a straight line. In fact the speck or object was traveling across the middle of the moon surface. I continued to watch the moon for about ten minutes and I noticed that this object was orbiting the moon three times every two minutes I could tell this by watching my watch in the bright light from the dash board. Now the bright side of the moon reflecting the sun's rays is always towards us and to the naked human eye the


- page 2 -

page two

crater surfaces of the moon look light brown in color. That is why
I could see this black speck or object moving across the
moon's surface. The object must have been quite large to enable me
to see it as a black speck. After looking at the moon for ten
minutes I then went back to look at the movie. About a half an hour
later I looked at the moon again and observed this same object
still orbiting the moon, but I noticed that the object reaching
the moon's surface stopped for about five minutes then continued
its orbit. I am staying in Niantic, Connecticut with my family for
the summer and our house or rather the house that we are renting is
on a hill over looking the ocean and on nights that I can't sleep
I lay in bed as my room faces the water looking at the moon thinking
about the next day's work. This is the first time that I have ever
seen this object crossing the moon's surface.

Gentlemen I am not in a habit
of making up stories for the fun of it just to get my name in
the paper. I don't need the publicity. I am 22 years old with
two years of college in business with my father, who owns a large
furniture store in Norwich, Connecticut called [redacted] or [redacted] Furniture Company. I am soon going to
open my own business called The [redacted] Company selling
Zenith T.V., Hot Point Appliances, etc. and all I need is
people hearing that I am seeing flying saucers, flying objects, etc.
Why they might think that I was a nut pardon the expression and
that would be bad for business. How ever I did see this object
and whether it is something or not is up to you. I am telling
you that I have never seen it crossing the moon before this evening


- page 3 -

page three

when I looked at the moon and this evening the moon was the
clearest that I have ever seen it, the sky was clear with a few
clouds but I could see the surface or rather what is seen by
the naked eye and I saw this object. In fact I just looked out my
bedroom window and while the moon looks farther
away I can still see this object crossing the moon's surface.
It is probably nothing but I just thought that you might be interested
in hearing about it. Thank you for your time in reading this letter.

Sincerely Yours,

P.S. Please, I do not want any publicity at all.
P.S. Please for give me for the mistakes I can't type very well.


- page 4 -

P.O. Norwich, Connecticut

United States Air Force Intelligence
Washington D.C.

[The document has "AIR MAIL" and "SPECIAL DELIVERY" stamps on both sides]


- page 5 -

