The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
8 August 55   09/074/55

2. LOCATION
Fresno, California

3. NATURE OF OBJECTS
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

5. COURSE OF OBSERVATION
Hot Report ed

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground visual

7. COURSE
277

8. PHOTOS
none

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
none

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
No snt for additional data, not returned. Observer states that he ob- served object observed at 2345 to 0040 Hrs. Was unidentified object slower than normal air traffic and showed no lights. Additional witness thought it was a meteor. Insufficient data to draw conclusions other than object existed and was unidentified.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON, SAFOI
SUBJECT: UFO
Attached is a copy of a report on Congressmen Sisk's request for information concerning a UFO reported in the Fresno, California area. SAFOI action officer is Mrs. Hunt, extension 72912.

GERALD J. CANN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy Director
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed letter from "MR. SISK" regarding a request for information on an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting that occurred in Fresno, California.

Text from the document:

This is in reply to your request for information on an unidentified flying object sighting in behalf of the USAF at Fresno, Calif., this report containing the details of the 15 July 1965 which is under reporting such objects to the Air Force. If this form is complete this form as fully as possible and return it to the listed below, this report will be evaluated, and he will be notified of the results of this evaluation.

34 USAF (SAFOIP)
Washington, D.C. 20330

For your information, I am enclosing the report on Project Blue Book, the Air Force project on unidentified flying objects. This report contains information on the 1942 program since origin in 1948.

I am happy to be of assistance in providing this information to you.

Sincerely,

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

Here is the text I was able to extract from the document:

CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
WASHINGTON, D.C.
AUGUST 19, 1965

Honorable Harold Brown
Secretary of the Air Force
Washington - D.C.

DEAR MR. SECRETARY:

Enclosed is a copy of a letter addressed to me by Mr. Robert Friend and concerning an unidentified object sighted by Mr. Edward E. Strong, of Fresno, California, concerning which he and his family say they had a strange encounter last evening at the hours mentioned.

As the Air Force is responsible for the investigation of UFO's, I would appreciate your looking into this matter and letting me know what your investigation discloses.

Sincerely,
Bernice F. Sisk

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a report on a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

THE HONORABLE E. E. HARR
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

Dear Borne:

This letter is in reply for the purpose of substantiating the enclosed objects.

AS APPROACHED-NEARLY 11:45 LAST NIGHT ONLY FOUR PERSONS
RQ: bad a similar experience to mine. Having just returned from work, it was slightly after midnight. While looking out the kitchen window, I observed two brilliant objects in the eastern sky, moving at a fast rate of speed northward and did not leave a trail. The first one seemed to dart or flash and then would appear again some distance up and the second object followed along behind and both objects seemed to be maneuvering or darting around. I called my wife and son to observe and all three of us watched for about 3-5 minutes when they disappeared from sight. The objects appeared unusually fast and their movements appeared erratic and in a darting fashion not normal or common to any known aircraft.  

AS 11:32 P.M., AUGUST 9, 1963, the objects were again observed, moving in a northern direction and appeared to be larger in size than any common aircraft I am familiar with. They appeared to be self-luminous and not reflecting any light from the ground or the sky, seeming to be their own source of light. Their maneuvers did not appear to be controlled and they seemed to dart, flash and move in an erratic manner, appearing and disappearing, first appearing large and then becoming smaller as if varying their altitude rapidly. I would estimate that the objects were airborne for a period of at least 3-5 minutes on both occasions.

I TRUST THIS INFORMATION MAY BE OF SOME VALUE TO YOU IN YOUR WORK.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather text from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

Upon analyzing the case of 2 October, it is indicated that the objects sighted were definitely appearing and disappearing. It has been stated that the objects were seen to move in a zig-zag pattern and then suddenly disappear. The objects were seen by more than one observer who gave consistent reports as to the appearance and behavior of the objects. It is suggested that a more detailed and objective investigation be made of this case in order to obtain all possible information relating to the objects that were observed. Such an investigation would involve obtaining statements from all the observers, any photographic evidence that may be available, and a detailed study of the area and conditions under which the objects were observed.

With best personal regards.

Sincerely yours,

[Redacted]

COPIES:

- page 6 -

