The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record form. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 9 - 11-65 / 22:25
2. LOCATION: NEW MILFORD, CONN.
3. SOURCE: WILLIAM
10. CONCLUSION: OBJECT SEEN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One (thin) v
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Three bright red-orange lights observed in the sky traveling erratically. Lights passed overhead at a high rate of speed. No audible sound detected. Sighting duration approximately 1-1/2 to 2 minutes.
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1-1/2 to 2 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
7. COURSE: Erratic
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire form with handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? There was no object disappear. The object moved that was observed.

15. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what was in front of: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - b. Color -

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially actual trails or vapor trails.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a questionnaire or survey form related to a UFO sighting. The form has various questions about the observed object, including the estimated speed, distance, location, and other details. There are multiple-choice options for the witness to select their answers.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away from you do you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other

The text content of the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away from you do you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other 
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other
26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 3 -

The image contains a black and white photograph that appears to be a page from a project blue book UFO report document. The document includes a diagram with a compass-like image and instructions for describing the position of an observed object in relation to the horizon and compass. There is also a section where the viewer is instructed to draw a picture showing the motion of the observed object or objects.

Text extracted from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the sighting.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Metin - Cartoon dom - on - which 4 could not observe but at one stage more than one visible - both simultaneously and separately. Intermittent observation both visual and position.

- page 4 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a document, likely from the Project Blue Book UFO report, with a form that the witness has filled out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location. 
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
Yes

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Redacted information

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Redacted
ADDRESS: Redacted
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Redacted
AGE: Redacted
SEX: Redacted

indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
The witness describes having a strong desire to observe and understand the unusual object they saw. They state they have had other similar sightings and find the experience fascinating, though they do not provide further details about those other sightings.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
On: Redacted
Month: Redacted
Year: Redacted

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire from Project Blue Book. 

As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

34. Have you completed this questionnaire:   Day ___ Month ___ Year ___

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON, SAFOSI 4 1965 ATTENTION: MR. TAYLOR
SUBJECT: UFO
Attached is a proposed reply to Senator Dodd who requested information on the above subject on behalf of constituents.
SAFOI action officer is Mrs. Hunt, extension 72842.

VEALE H. ROBINSON
Office Chief
Community Liason Division
Bureau of Information

COORDINATED BY: (OFFICE SIGN, NAME, GRADE, DATE)
SAF-OIG MINAM 3 October 1965

RECORD BY - SAFOI-2
CHECKED BY - SAFOI-2
RETYPED BY - SAFOI-2
APPROVED FOR SAFOI-2
Stayback

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document containing text only.

Dear Senator Dodd:
Recently you requested information on unidentified flying objects on behalf of **** of New Milford, Connecticut. 
I am enclosing two copies of AF Form 14, which is used for submitting UFO reports to the Air Force. Please have **** complete this form as completely as possible and return it to Hq USAF (AFROIA), Washington, D. C., 20330. The Air Force will evaluate the report and inform Mr. **** of the results.
I am enclosing the report on Project Blue Book, the Air Force UFO project. This report depicts the status of this project to date.
I am happy to be of assistance in providing this information to you.
Sincerely,

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a UFO investigation program conducted by the United States Air Force.

Text from the document:

"United States Senate
Respectfully referred to
Major Robert Gla
for such consideration as the communication
herewith submitted may warrant, and for a report
thereon, to accompany return of paper.
By direction of
THOMAS J. DODD
U.S.S.
Lawrence Marinelli
Executive Assistant"

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten page from a Project Blue Book report.

NEW MILFORD, CONN.
22/9530 - DATEN: 9/1965
This is to report that an unidentified aerial object was observed over New Milford, Connecticut on August 15, 1965 at approximately 10:00 p.m. The object was described as a very bright luminous object which moved at a very high rate of speed. It was observed for approximately 15 to 20 seconds. The object appeared to be gyrating or wobbling as it moved across the sky. It then disappeared over the horizon. Several other persons in the area also observed the object.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The page shows an envelope addressed to "U.S. Air Force (Dir. CAD)" at "The Pentagon. Bldg" in "Washington, D.C." The envelope has postmarks indicating it was mailed from "NEW MILFORD, CONN" on "AUG 9 1965" and has a "PRAY FOR PEACE" stamp on the envelope.

NEW MILFORD, CONN
08 AUG 1965
U.S. Air Force (Dir. CAD)
The Pentagon, Bldg.
Washington, D.C.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

PTD (ITEM)
14 September 1965
14 September 1965
Lt. KENNETH L. PATTERSON, AFB, Ohio 45433

New Milford, Connecticut 06776

Dear Sir:

Reference your unidentified observation of 21 August 1965. The information contained in your recent letter was not sufficient for evaluation. It is regretted that the requested envelope provided could not be utilized.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the
Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
NEW MILFORD, CONN.
This questionnaire has been prepared to help you give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object you observed. Your answers will be used in connection with any statements you have made previously. The information you give will be handled in a confidential manner. Your name will not be used in connection with any personal information or conclusions drawn from this report unless, as circumstances may require, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 26 MAY 65
2. Time of day: 6:43 P.M. 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific
4. What were the weather conditions when you saw the object? CLEAR
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 45 SECONDS
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. NIGHT
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to you and the object? (Circle One): a. To your left b. Behind you c. To your right d. Don't remember

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain 
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or Blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change in brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change in shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 14 -

