Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
20 July 65 at 22/0330Z

2. LOCATION
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Not Stated

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENT. Description and Fit. Indicate a Stellar Observation. Winds at 5,000 ft. PMSN3 K & NE not an area. Likely that object was from 9, Centaur 2 or 3 steps 5 or one of the Agena stage visible.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Large round shape-like object, which white color. Boundary not well defined. It was rotating object. Slow steady motion.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

a. Solid/luminous?
b. Dull finish?
c. Reflecting?
d. Transparent?

This was in motion yes - the travel was very bouncy - the path of flight was a curve. It was direct but the object seemed to alter size of the object when viewed with the following held at arm's length.

a. Pinhead
b. Egg
c. Dime

d. Nickel
e. Half dollar
f. Silver dollar

e. Orange
f. Grapefruit
g. Larger

Or, if using, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

How did you happen to notice the object(s)? In each case I was in bed looking at the sky through a screened door, sec. also a

Were you and what were you doing at the time? First I traveled from the high Western sky until is disappeared behind trees in the Southwest, then other Western sky to compare and was conversant with a portion of a different at the same apparent altitude. Now Western sky to North.

Notice: After giving aircraft? Please mark on this horizon sketch - These were not aircraft.

What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky?

Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) traveled, and disappeared from view. Use the direction of its course over trees, roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a horizon/skyline is included]

This object hovered for several minutes before traveling off to the north, E

[Additional text continues with details about the observation and request for additional information]

There were newspaper accounts but I did not see them.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

a. Self-luminous?
b. Dull finish?
c. Reflecting?
d. Transparent?

Did you or with whom in motion yes - the travel was very bouncy - the path
of flight in each case was direct but the object bounded in
all directions and size of the object when viewed with the following held at arm's length.

a. Pinhead
b. Egg
c. Dime

d. Nickel
e. Half dollar
f. Silver dollar

g. Orange
h. Grapefruit
i. Larger

Or, I asked, give apparent size in inches on a rule held at arm's length.

1. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? In each case I was in bed looking

2. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? See above. A tree through a screened clear.

3. When first seen, the object(s) disappeared from view? The first I traveled from the high Western
sky until is disappeared behind trees in the south. The other came into view from the same apparent altitude, low Western sky to
West. Were they moving? Yes, our conventional aircraft in location at this time or immediately afterward? If so, please elaborate.

4. Please mark on this distance of the object(s). 200 yards. 1/2 mile. There were not
aircraft.

5. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on this sketch.

6. Name other witnesses, if any.

7. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North your position, the direction from which the object(s)
passed and disappeared from view, to determine its course over the area; roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other
terrain within a mile. 19.62

[A hand-drawn sketch of a landscape/horizon is included]

This object hovered for several minutes before traveling off to the north.

8. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? 
NEAR GOD - 15 miles - AIRPORT - 20 - 25 miles

9. [Rest of the form contains standard information request sections about photographs, sketches, and other details]

[Bottom of page has some handwritten notes that are partially illegible]


- page 3 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: APRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

16 Jul 69
Buenos Aires, Argentina

The Buenos Aires Sighting

A Reuters News Agency report out of Buenos Aires on the 18th of July described the object spotted and photographed in that City on the night of the 16th of July. According to the news item, cameraman of two newspapers snapped a photo of an object in the night sky and when the film was developed, a second object appeared on the photograph. The principal object showed as a short line of light, and the second looked like a point of light. In the second photograph the second object appeared as a twin nuclei of light, and as another stubby line of light in the third exposure.

The objects showed much brighter than the stars which showed on the film. Although descriptions of the main object's color varied, most people agreed that it hovered over the city for about 25 minutes before disappearing. The then photos described above were taken by a news cameraman employed by El Mundo, a Buenos Aires Daily, and he used time exposures of 70, 80, and 100 seconds.

The newspaper "Cronica" displayed a photo on their front page, also on the 17th. Those photos showed a "somewhat hazy luminescent oval" and another photo taken from inside showed a lemon-shaped light source with a straight line of light cutting horizontally across the base of the "lemon".

The Buenos Aires object was apparently seen by hundreds, for local police, news offices, radio and television switchboards were jammed for quite some time with calls reporting the object's presence over the city.

Newspaper clips showing the object received at APRO's office show various points of light which apparently are stars, and the "Squat line" of light, which could be described as resembling an oblong medicine capsule. The glowing object also fits the general description of the object seen over the Azores Weather Bureau on the 11th.


- page 4 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

16 Jul 65
Argentina

Buenos Aires and Rosario

Typical of the many sightings were those over the
Argentine cities of Buenos Aires and Rosario on
the night of July 16. Telling how thousands of
people saw UFO overhead, La Razon of July 17
reports that there was a great hubbub. In Rosario,
one object was seen stationary, and a cupola was
observed. There were waves of phone calls to
police, air authorities and newspapers. A similar
flap had begun in Buenos Aires at 6:40 p.m. and
lasted for more than an hour. A reddish UFO
with a white band hung over the capital for
fifteen minutes before vanishing southwards. Just

before 7 p.m., channel 13 of the local TV an-
nounced that "for reasons of technical difficulties"
transmission was interrupted. Simultaneously a
great elongated UFO with an intensely luminous
part was observed overhead.

The 16th was just one of many UFO-busy nights
over Buenos Aires in July.


- page 5 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and move away at any time?
c. Blink up or go out or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 6 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
14-18 July 1965

2. Time of day:
(Circle One) A.M. or 9 P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
(Partial address blacked out) Oakland, Ohio
"WHAT ARE YOU PUSSY CAT"

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Going by past as jet

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
(Yes/No not clearly marked)

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT
a. Clear
b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 64 154 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
When 1st saw UFO it looked like jet banking with one red light on each wing. Tip. It went behind movie screen for just a moment.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
I moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: OUT OF TOWN OVER TREES

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: WHOOSH on Swishly like Strong Wind
b. Color: DULL BRUSHED ALUMINUM

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had perhaps this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? NOT MUCH - IMAGINE
From passenger planes in the RATIO would be about the same size. AT the same time, I GUESS 50-60 FEET DIAMETER
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The page includes a hand-drawn sketch of the object with various annotations and arrows]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the UFO form:

UFO form continued                                                   Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?   AS FAST AS A JET

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   300-460 FEET UP

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other   JUST IN TOWN

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South            g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?           miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses                   f. Telescope
b. Sun glasses                  g. Theodolite
c. Windshield                   h. Other
d. Window glass

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten description continues, but parts are difficult to fully transcribe due to handwriting]

The last paragraph appears to describe the object's appearance, mentioning something about lights, movement, and color, but the full details are not completely legible.


- page 9 -

UFO form continued                                                   Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.     No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)     Yes    No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)     Yes    No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:    (my husband)
                                                Dayton, Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
    Low Name                                                  Middle Name
    Street                                                    City            14   Ohio
    TELEPHONE NUM                                             SEX   F

    Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    Early    July    1965
    Wright-Patterson Converted Tour
    my neighbors- Mr. & Mrs.                                 E
    near to Snack Bar and Drive In


- page 10 -

Official U.S. Air Force

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 11 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

23 JUL 65 21 33z

1-4

EN(UFO)

CCN-74

The rest of the text appears to be mostly illegible or cut off at the edges of the document.


- page 12 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   7   FEB   1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

"Not until UFO was between our car and snack bar did I actually see what it was. I had to look up under windshield to watch it. Unless a person was paying attention to the lights they would not have seen the shape, size, etc.

My husband was there and said, "Look! It's a UFO!" And he said, "Sure it is." I said, "No really, look!" By that time it had gone behind the trees. I was so excited I didn't know what to do. So, I sat there for about 5 min. trying to figure it out. Then I ran to the Snack Bar and asked men in projection room if they had


- page 13 -

UFO form continued

Page 3

see anything fly by, they said like
what and they did other
they said they did hear
something that could have
been a plane but thats all.
They I called the control
tower at Wright Patterson
and he laughed it off too.
That is one reason I'm
waited till now to report
it.

Although I didn't write
down all the particulars at
the time I did draw a
picture of the UFO that
same night.


- page 14 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: APRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

17 Jul 65
Colonia, Uruguay

UAO On Argentine Border
River

At 10 a. m. on the 17th of July, within hours of the spotting of the object over Buenos Aires, a group of six people who were walking on a beach near Colonia, Uruguay, saw a cigar-shaped object over the Rio Plata. The Rio Plata is a 29-mile wide river that separates Argentina and Uruguay.

One of the six observers was Jose Alvarex Larrauma, 17, of Colonia. He and his companions reported the object to police and said it was cigar-shaped, reddish in color and about 10 meters (32 feet) above the river and not far from the beach. Larrauma said it moved upward when he ran toward it and left a trail of white vapor similar to a jet trail. The other five people, two of whom were adults, confirmed Larrauma's report and description of the object.


- page 15 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Dec 55

Colonia, Uruguay
17 Jul 55

SAUCER LANDING IN URUGUAY: On July 17th, a group of six teenagers in Colonia, Uruguay, saw a flying saucer land for two minutes in the sand, near the shore of the Rio de la Plata. Fearing they would not be believed, they called some adults, who arrived in time to see the UFO, which was by that time hovering about thirty feet above the river, where it remained for several minutes before taking off toward the horizon at an altitude of 500 yards. All this happened in broad daylight, at about ten o'clock in the morning. The UFO was described as having rotating fins of some sort, and it also had four leg-like appendages, which left marks in the sand in the form of the letter X.

These marks were seen by many people and were photographed by a special correspondent of a Buenos Aires newspaper.

The light from the object was so bright as to be blinding, said the youngsters, and it gave off a cloud of white smoke like a jet aircraft. They attempted to approach it and touch it, while it was on the ground, but were prevented by the terrible light. Pedro Enrique Carro, one of the adult witnesses, confirmed that the UFO was hovering very near the surface of the river when he saw it, but was at too great a distance for him to be able to estimate its size.

Simon Enrique Carro was flown to Buenos Aires to appear on television, where he told his story simply and with apparent sincerity.


- page 16 -

SOURCE: DAYTON DAILY NEWS, 19 JUL 65

27 July 1965

Unidentified Object Seen
Over Uruguay, Argentina

BUENOS AIRES, July 17 (UPI) — An unidentified flying object was sighted today over the Uruguay-Argentina border near the Rio Plata, the 28-mile wide river that divides Argentina and Uruguay.

Six persons walking on a deserted beach near Colonia, Uruguay, spotted the object.

SEVERAL unidentified flying objects had been sighted over Buenos Aires, the Argentine capital across the river from Colonia.


- page 17 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFNIC38/Capt. Williams/em/53646                   28 July 1965

SUBJECT: Request for Information - Case No: AR-37-5

TO: FTD (Attn: UFO Project Officer)
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio 45433

The attached request is forwarded for your review and/or action as requested. Dr. Hynes stated he was an accredited advisory, on this subject, to the Air Force and was extremely interested in securing this information. If desired, this office will gladly contact the Argentine Attaché, Washington, to request the information from Argentina. Please provide information copy of action taken by your office to permit AFNIC38 to close its correspondence file on this subject.

FOR THE CHIEF OF STAFF

[Signature of Capt. Williams]
EARL R. WILLIAMS
Captain USAF
Foreign Liaison Division
Assistant to Chief of Staff,
Intelligence

1 Atch
Ltr, SAF, 23 Jul 65, orig (U)

Underwrite Four Country's Might - Buy U.S. Savings Bonds


- page 18 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

JUL 23 1965

MEMORANDUM FOR AFNIC
ATTENTION: Lt Col C. A. Wiggers
SUBJECT: UFO Photographs, Argentina

Reference is made to telecon between you and Dr. Hynek on
22 July 1965. Information is as follows: Published in the
18 July Boston Sunday Globe were front page pictures of two UFOs
allegedly photographed by newsmen in Buenos Aires. Siting
reported to have been seen by some hundred people present when
pictures were taken a few days earlier. Report stated that pictures were widely distributed in Argentina press. Following
information is needed:

(1) Information on certain circumstances of the pictures,
i.e., what were the lighting conditions; was more than one picture
taken; what was the elevation in the sky of the objects.

(2) Is it possible to obtain either the originals or good
copies of the pictures.

(3) What kind of camera was used in making pictures.

Information may be sent to Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Department
of Astronomy, Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois.

[Signature]
John P. Spaulding
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Handwritten at top: Photos spent 16 July to papers Argentina]

HEADQUARTERS
USAF Photographs, Argentina

USAF (AFOIRC)
Wash. D. C. 20330

AUG 4 1965

1. Reference your letter, AFOIRC, 28 Jul 65, subject, Request for Information - Case No.: AR-375-D, Dr J Allen Hynek is at present the Air Force consultant to Project Blue Book and therefore is considered an accredited advisor on the subject of unidentified flying objects. Dr Hynek's contract is with McGraw-Hill, photographic number 130-5000.

2. Any assistance which you might be able to give Dr Hynek with reference to his photographs that he has asked for will be appreciated. Any information gleaned from a study of the photos will be used in an official capacity only.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERLE F. de JOGHBDERS
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

cc: Hq USAF (SAFOIRC)

ORIGINATOR: TDEM/UFO - Maj Quintanilla, Jr.    date 3 Aug 65


- page 20 -

MEMORANDUM FOR ATIC
ATTENTION: Captain Williams

SUBJECT: Case # AB 37-55, UFO Photographs, Argentine

Reference is made to telecon this date between Mrs. Hunt of this office and Lt. Colonel Hiegel.

Doctor J. Allen Hynek was requested the above photographs in a scientific consultant to the Air Force on Project Blue Book.

It is requested that the photographs be forwarded to this office (Attention: Mrs. [redacted]) upon receipt. We will in turn forward this to Doctor Hynek.

JOHN F. SPAULDING
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

AUG-9 1965

[Bottom of document contains partially legible stamps/notations]


- page 21 -

Photographs missing

23 Jan 75


- page 22 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

23 JUL 65 21 332

1-4 E(CLUE?)

CCN-74

Most of the text on the page is illegible due to poor image quality and faintness of the original document.


- page 23 -

AFXCUB/Capt. Williams/m/53646                                   23 July 1965

Request for Information - Case No: AR-37-5

FID (Attn: UFO Project Officer)
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio 45433

The attached request is forwarded for your review and/or action as required. Dr. Hynek stated he was an accredited advisor, on this subject, to the Air Force and was extremely interested in securing the information. If desired, this office will gladly contact the Argentine Attache, Washington, to request the information from Argentina. Please provide information copy of action taken by your office to permit AFXCUB to close its correspondence file on this subject.

FOR THE CHIEF OF STAFF

1 Atch
Ltr, SAF, 23 Jul 65, orig (U)


- page 24 -

Mrs. Hunt/man/3A701CC/72842/ 23 Jul 65

23 July 1965

MEMORANDUM FOR AFMIC

ATTENTION: Lt Col C. A. Niagra

SUBJECT: UFO Photographs, Argentina

Reference is made to telecon between you and Dr. Rynne on 22 July 1965. Information is as follows: Published in the 16 July Buenos Sunday Globe were front page pictures of two UFOs allegedly photographed by newspapers in Buenos Aires. Citing report, a few days ago numerous people present when pictures were taken a few days earlier. Report stated that pictures were widely distributed in Argentine press. Following information is needed:

(1) Information on certain circumstances of the pictures, i.e., what were the lighting conditions (was one picture taken); what was the elevation in the sky of the objects.

(2) Is it possible to obtain either the originals or good copies of the pictures.

(3) What kind of camera was used in making pictures.

Information may be sent to Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Department of Astronomy, Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois.

[Signature block at bottom, partially cut off]


- page 25 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

STRANGE OBJECTS IN SKY

BUENOS AIRES (UPI) — An unidentified flying object was spotted yesterday over the River Plate, the 28th such sighting in Argentina this month.

Six persons walking on a deserted beach near Cardini, Uruguay, about 30 miles from Uruguay followed by a team investigating it were among the witnesses of the object, the Argentine capital's official news agency said.

Confirmed before this month's On July 10, a peasant couple in a village near Quinto, Cordoba province, said they had seen a pink, cylindrical object at about 2,000 feet altitude. They said the object at the same time was the object on their radio.

The few before, members of a geological expedition in the port in the Andes, said that for 10 minutes they observed an unidentified flying object at a height of 2,000 feet. The deputy altitude manager was among those who reported seeing it.

Airport authorities said the object was first spotted 10 minutes while the cylindrical white object was overhead. A police patrol car also reported seeing the object.

The sighting here Friday and Saturday brought fresh interest in the "flying saucers" that have been reported for the past several weeks over the northern tip of South America.

One of the six who spotted the sighting specified in Uruguay, Jose Pereira, said the object was stationary for about 10 minutes and then flew at great speed. The stationary was taken with an exposure of some 10 to 15 seconds.

TWO UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS — white discs — photographed in the night sky over Buenos Aires on Saturday. The objects remained stationary for about 10 minutes and then flew at great speed.

FLYING SAUCERS SEEN OVER CITY

BUENOS AIRES, Sun. — Another unidentified flying object was spotted yesterday over the River Plate, the 28th such sighting in Argentina this month.

Several similar sights were reported over Buenos Aires and other parts of the country yesterday.

One of them, a 17-year-old youth, said the object was "bright."

Mystery Flying Objects Reported

CHILEAN REPORT, TOO

Argentines See Queer
Flying Objects in Sky
BY FRANCIS R. KENT

BUENOS AIRES — The just-received dispatches telling of a blue green light, queer flying objects and other strange aerial phenomena continue to pour in from all over Argentina.

The rush of reports on what the U.S. Air Force calls "flying saucers" or unidentified flying objects began last May and is rapidly growing over the country.

One of the first reports came from Mendoza, 600 miles west of here in the Andes. A police official said an unidentified object over the area. A police spokesman said the object was large enough to be seen by a large number of people and was not a satellite called Echo.

Uruguayan officials also reported a recent sighting.

New Report From Chile

Stepless promptly reported that the Argentine Statement said Echo 2 was not the cause. The police now might wait until they could get a better explanation.

Whatever the case, the latest turn of events is viewed with considerable interest here.

UFO Spied
By Foothills
Woman and 3
By BOB GORDON

PITTSBURGH (Special) — A woman and three companions reported seeing a UFO over the foothills near here late Saturday.

Mrs. William R. DeLong, 1321 Ardmore Boulevard, Mt. Lebanon, said the object was hovering and then moved away quickly.

Argentines in the South Orkney Islands, the report was confirmed by the Argentine Air Force.

The report added that whatever the object was, it was not a satellite.

One week's UFO reports from various parts of the world were compiled by United States Air Force officials.

The Air Force said the reports were studied but no conclusions were drawn.

[Additional text appears to be partially cut off or illegible]


- page 26 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

STRANGE OBJECTS IN SKY

BUENOS AIRES (UPI) - An party two of seven were sighted Saturday over the Rio Plate area, including the first daytime sightings of what witnesses described as a "flying saucer."

Scattered reports of flying objects were reported everywhere in Argentina. One report came from a couple in a village near Oporto, the second largest city in Portugal, who reported seeing a metallic cylindrical object hover silently near their car while they saw the object at the same time some details were told.

The day before, members of the staff of the Santa Maria air port in the Azores, said that for 14 minutes they observed an unidentified flying object which flew at a height of 33,000 feet. The deputy airport manager was among those who reported seeing it.

Airport authorities said the object was first sighted at 8:10 minutes while the cylindrical white object was cruising above the sky and to be observed.

The sightings here Friday and Saturday brought fresh interest in the mysterious flying objects which last month were seen in various parts of the southern tip of South America.

One of the six who spotted the flying object from Uruguay, near Colonia, told Uruguayan newsmen that the object was "bright" and "metallic." He said it rose from the beach. He said it moved upward at great speed and was lost to sight.

BUENOS AIRES, Sun. — Another Unidentified Flying Object was spotted yesterday over the River Plate, the 28-mile wide river between Argentina and Uruguay.

Mystery Flying Objects Reported
7-18-65

CHILEAN REPORT, TOO

Argentines See Queer
Flying Objects in Sky
BY FRANCIS B. KENT

BUENOS AIRES — Trailing weird zigzagging and glowing objects which some claim are as heavy as heavy drinkers, Argentines are seeing things which turn up suddenly in the sky, then as suddenly disappear.

Some of the sightings have been officially and quickly confirmed by the Argentine Air Force.

The rash of reports goes back to May and June. This week a spokesman at La Plata University announced that what had been called the first such sighting here last May was actually a British base telescope reflection.

New Report From Chile
Starting presently comes another that the Argentines State Gendarmerie near Mendoza and that was near the police station in the town of Tupungato saw something in the sky.

By Foothills
Woman and

(Additional text appears cut off)

Fireball Flares
Over Michigan
(Partial text illegible)

Midummer UFO 8-11-65
(Partial text illegible)


- page 27 -

Page 6

ARGENTINE NAVY
DISCLOSES IMPORTANT
E-M CASE

An official Argentine Navy UFO report, labeled one of the most important Argentine UFO cases, has been released to NICAP in accordance with an agreement to exchange UFO information.

This combined visual and E-M (electromagnetic) interference incident occurred late in 1963, involving the Navy transport A.R.A. "Punta Medanos."

During the night of Nov. 12, 1963, says the official report, "A large airship never identified was sighted from the stern of the vessel. Its huge UFO was round-shaped, and it was moving at great speed. It displayed no lights and made no sound.

As the unknown machine appeared, the needles of the ship's magnetic compasses "suddenly and simultaneously" swung off course, pointing toward the UFO. The power which caused this E-M interference is indicated by the distance involved. At the time, the Navy report states, the UFO was 2,000 meters (well over a mile) away from the ship.

After the UFO was gone, and the compasses returned to normal, the transport commander radioed the Commander in Chief of the Argentine Fleet. The Fleet Commander was so concerned he ordered a full investigation by the Hydrographic Service.

Instrument experts found no electric cause for the E-M effect. No magnets had been near the compasses, which were separately mounted on different decks. The Geologic Division determined that the sighting area was magnetically quiet, and also ruled out submarines and military and civilian aircraft, leaving the UFO as definitely the cause of the E-M interference.

The official report was sent to NICAP by Lt. Cdr. O.R. Pazani, whom the Secretary of the Argentine Navy appointed to investigate UFO sightings. Pazani said that the Argentine Naval Hydrographic Service will investigate all future E-M cases, and he will send detailed reports to NICAP.

Lt. Cdr. Pazani also forwarded a summary of 1964 UFO cases registered with the Argentine Government, adding that fifteen 1965 reports already are on record with the Navy. NICAP will try to report the best cases as soon as space permits.


- page 28 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ANOTHER SAUCER SCARE

THE flying saucer-craze gripped Argen- tina yesterday as sightings were report- ed from widely separated parts of the country, says an A.A.P.-Reuter message from Buenos Aires.

This followed sightings of white objects in the last week in places as widely separated as Portugal, An- gola and Argentina.

A leading astronomer who examined pictures taken by others last week in Portugal said neither a known satellite nor a known celestial body could explain the sightings.

Photographer in Bahia Blanca, about 275 miles south of Buenos Aires, at a bright object yesterday.

Senior Enrique Perez, director of the Bahia Blanca Observatory, said the object was not a known planet, satellite or aircraft.

A Brilliant Light

The fact that such objects are usually sighted near the north and south poles may be linked to the "Van Allen radiation belts" theory. Objects from space might approach the earth through the polar areas with a minimum of risk, he said.

The unidentified object was sighted by several people, who said it gave off a brilliant light.

The commander of the civilian Air Force base in Bahia Blanca took a photograph of a white object that appeared to be anything like a flying saucer.

In the Azores, weather bureau electromagnetic clocks stopped for 45 minutes with a "cylindrical white object" was overhead in the sky at 30,000 ft.

The "Soviet-Tass" sent a reporter to Canberra to talk to men who saw "the thing" there.

His story is below.

I TALK WITH MEN WHO SAW THAT THING

From GRAHAM GAMBIE
CANBERRA, Saturday.

The arrival of "the thing" this week has plunged Canberra into a great flying-saucer mystery.

Everyone I spoke to here said they were certain that flying saucers don't exist, but they would sleep a little more easily at night if someone could prove what "the thing" was.

[Rest of the text continues but becomes increasingly illegible in parts]

Sections like "Martians or Mirages?", "Smaller than the moon", and "Steal Disc" are visible but not fully legible.

The page contains several sketched/drawn head silhouettes accompanying the article.


- page 29 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ANOTHER UFO SIGHTED

[Top left article partially illegible, mentions Buenos Aires and a bright object]

TALK WITH MEN WHO SAW 'THAT THING'
from GRAHAM GAMBIE
CANBERRA, Saturday. —
The arrival of "the thing" this week has plunged Canberra into a great flying-saucer mystery.

Everyone here says to here said they were certain that flying saucers don't exist, but they would sleep a little more easily if someone could prove what "the thing" was.

[Several other articles on the page discuss UFO sightings, including references to:
- A bright object sighted near Buenos Aires
- Electromagnetic clocks stopping
- Observations from various locations
- Descriptions of sightings being "smaller than the moon"
- Discussions of possible explanations]

The newspaper appears to be discussing multiple UFO sightings and eyewitness accounts from different locations, with a focus on a sighting in Canberra, Australia.


- page 30 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. An unidentified flying object was reported on June 18, 1965 over the Antarctic.

UFOS PHOTOGRAPHED OVER BUENOS AIRES

BUENOS AIRES (UPI) - An unidentified flying object was spotted Saturday over the Rio Plata, the 23-mile wide river that divides Argentina and Uruguay. Six persons walking on a deserted beach near Colonia, Uruguay, spotted the object at 8 p.m. Houston time. The spotting of the object from Uruguay followed by 15 hours sightings of several unidentified flying objects over Buenos Aires, the Argentine capital situated across the river from Colonia.

Members of the staff at the Santa Maria Airport in the Azores, said that for 45 minutes Friday they observed an unidentified object at an altitude of 33,000 feet. The deputy airport manager was among those reported seeing it.

Airport authorities said electromagnetic clocks stopped for 10 minutes while the object was overhead. A plane was sent up to observe the object, but it reported no success.

Several persons reported spotting unidentified flying objects over Buenos Aires shortly after sunset Friday. They described the objects, some of which were photographed, as clear shaped and emitting colors ranging from reddish greens to blues. All said the intensity of the light the objects emitted was very bright.

During the period that the flying saucers were seen over Buenos Aires, the broadcasting of one of the city's television channels was interrupted because of atmospheric interference.

The government observatory of San Miguel reported, however, that it had not recorded any atmospheric disturbances at that time.


- page 31 -

The text I can discern on this page is very faint and partially illegible. I can make out:

"3 pages here"
"Supp 6-7"

The rest of the document appears to be too faint or blurry to read clearly.


- page 32 -

On the night of July 16th, several hundred callers jammed newspaper switchboards in Buenos Aires, Argentina, reporting that they had sighted an unidentified flying object. The UFO hovered over the city for about 25 minutes before disappearing, and was photographed by cameramen from two local papers.

Reports of the object's color varied. The pictures at the right below is one of a series taken. It is a time exposure, and shows two UFOs (the elongated lights at the upper left and lower right of the photo), rather than one.

We hope to have more details about this incident in our next issue....


- page 33 -

MOST UFO SIGHTINGS SOURCES

(1) TESSELL

(2) [illegible text]

(3) [illegible text]

(4) [illegible text]

(5) [illegible text]

(6) [illegible text]

(7) [illegible text]

(8) [illegible text]

(9) [illegible text]

(10) [illegible text]

(11) [illegible text]

(12) [illegible text]

(13) [partially legible text: "...20 total 20yrs"]

(14) [illegible text]

The document appears to be a list or index page with multiple numbered entries, but most of the text is too faint or blurry to read clearly.


- page 34 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

From the Antarctic came a report that a mysterious lens-shaped flying object, maneuvering and moving at great speed, was seen over a Chilean scientific base.

Mario Juan Barrera, commander of the base, reported that several persons had "watched whatever it was."

"Whatever it was, it was definitely real, an object that moved at amazing speed," Barrera observed quickly and gave off a blue-green sheen.

The object itself was yet to be described, changing to green, yellow and orange. It would stay quiet over, we watched it as it remained quietly over the head for about 20 minutes."

He also reported that the object had caused interference in the electromagnetic apparatus of an adjoining cartain base. The Central Radio Propaganda Laborat[rest of text illegible]

The Antarctic sighting was followed by reports of a strange "flying object" that was seen glowing in the sky over Wiltshire, County, about 100 miles west of London. At least, five people in the town of Warminster claimed they observed it after a brief rain.

Then came a report from France, where a farmer—described as normally "sober and level-headed"—said he was flying saucer land on his field, and found impressions in the ground to prove it.

The object, he said, was about the size of an automobile, shaped something like a football and was supported on six circular legs. Its central pivot. It took off obliquely with a whistling sound as he approached, he added.

Last Sunday in Portugal, a man said his mysterious object that looked like a "flying saucer" was seen.

Manuel Fernandes said the thing was "very luminous and had orange coloring, nearly red at time, and then spread out three minutes and then faded west toward the coast."

... But Who's Peeking at Us?
By ALAN PATERSON
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (Reuters) — "Flying Saucer" fever climbed here Saturday in the wake of an unidentified flying object spotted Friday night—and the appearance of what seemed to be photographs.

Several hundred callers jammed radio stations, reporting they had sighted the unidentified object.

Cameramen of two newspapers snapped it and the photographs were splashed in Saturday morning's editions.

El Mundo's photo showed an object above this city for about 24 hours before its disappearance.

The principal, easily visible point was a square shape that hovered, then moved.

Several hundred persons gathered in the second, and a nearby suburb to look at the photos.

The objects, as photographed, appeared to be brighter than stars in the same photos.

Reports of the object's color source were fairly light, but there was general agreement it hovered across the base of the lemon.

Finally, the very day that Mariner-4 was sweeping past Mars mapping pictures, a mysterious glowing object was observed over the Canberra airport in Australia.

Six members of the traffic control tower said that it hung suspended at about 5,000 feet for 40 minutes. When the sun glinted off it, it became clearly visible, they said. It disappeared when an air force plane was sent out to identify it.

Experts were left wondering if the object was sighted shortly before near Tindals, bills tracking station. The station's schedule to pick up the Mariner signals. The station's unusual difficulty in looking on to Mariner at the time.

[The image contains two blurry photographs of what appear to be unidentified flying objects, showing oval or circular shapes against a dark background.]


- page 35 -

Here is the text from the newspaper page:

Flying Saucer
on Sydney beach"

Man's
eerie
story

[Newspaper details: Sydney, Australia, WEDNESDAY, DAILY TELEGRAPH JULY 21, 1965]

THE THING ON THE BEACH

[Sketch of a UFO with various annotations]

THE SKETCH by Mr. Denis Crowe of the object he saw on Monday night on Vaucluse Beach. He described the scene when at library very end of the 10th and watched the object for about 10 minutes before it took off. (The Sun, Sydney, Australia)

[Headline] GLOWING IMPRESSION
A green, glowing object that took off at high speed from a Vaucluse beach on Monday night in no way resembled conventional aircraft, Mr. Denis Crowe said last night.

[Various text blocks describing the UFO sighting, with additional sketches and images of Mr. Denis Crowe]

[Sections include: "Dogs barked", "Near disc at take-off", and other descriptive paragraphs about the sighting]

Note: Some text is partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the image.


- page 36 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Pag 65

Vaucluse, Australia
17 Jul 65

SAUCER LANDING IN AUSTRALIA: On July 19th, a man named Denis Crowe made an unusually detailed sighting of a UFO which took off from a beach in Vaucluse, Australia. The object - a giant disc - was bathed in an eerie glow when he came upon it while walking his dogs at about 5:30 in the evening. Although he got to within 50 or 60 feet of the object, he could detect no sign of movement within it, and no portholes. Its diameter was about 20 feet, and its height was 9 feet, including what appeared to be legs protruding from the bottom. The rim was glowing a greenish blue, while the top and bottom halves were a dull silvery-gray color. There was a hollow in the top that could have been a glass dome.

There was no noise, except for the barking of the dogs. However, when the object took off a few seconds later, a yellowish glow appeared beneath it, and a weird sound - unlike that of any conventional aircraft - was heard. After a take-off run of only 50 or 60 feet, the craft climbed rapidly in the direction of Manly. Strangely enough, as soon as the object was in the air, the dogs suddenly stopped barking.

A great many "lesser" reports, too numerous to print here, also came in from various parts of Australia during late July and early August. At least one photograph was taken.


- page 37 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: AERO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

19 Jul 65
Hingham, Massachusetts

On the 19th, residents of Hingham, Mass., about 20 miles from Wayland, reported seeing a circular luminous object with "four arms" for nearly an hour as it hovered over the area. It finally drifted westward and disappeared.


- page 38 -

No Case, Information Only:
Source: IFI, Vol. 1, No. 4, Nov 65

Higham, Mass.
29 Jul 65

18 July 1965, Higham Mass.
A four-armed luminous object was sighted by five persons for nearly an hour. "It hovered low over the western horizon and seemed to have four arms of three lights each radiating from it." The object remained stationary for about 45 minutes.

"18- The report submitted to the Air Force by Raymond E. Fowler, who evaluated the sighting as the planet venus.


- page 39 -

EVALUATION: VENUS - Movement only apparent caused by distortion by atmosphere & movement of witnesses - 4 arms only observed through binoculars and were caused by binocular deal movement and disappearance occurred as Venus set.

Respectfully submitted,
[Signature]
Winton G. Fowler
NICAP Investigator


- page 40 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form and suggestions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional
questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.
After all information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly
issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room,
please use another sheet of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is gratefully appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name [Redacted]                                                   Place of Employment [Redacted]
   Telephone [Redacted]                                              Occupation Housewife(?)
                                                                     Education - B.A.
                                                                     Special Training
                                                                     Military Service

2. Date of Observation July 19, 1965                                 Time AM 9:00    PM 9:45    Time Zone Eastern Daylight

3. Locality of Observation Hingham

4. How long did you see the object?                                  Minutes 5       Seconds

5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc. nighttime

6. Position of the sun or moon in relation to the object and to you. Sun had set - red glow in sky

7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? Behind as observed

8. Were there more than one object?                                  If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating
                                                                     direction, etc.
                                                                     Yes

9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving,
   spinning, etc. Bright green, Kore West (few) minutes

10. Was the object(s) stationary or moving?                          If so, give speed, direction, and height, if possible.
    Yes

11. If so, compare the motion to a familiar object on earth or in sky. Brightened with sun, moon, or height.
    Brightened with sun over cloud

12. Did the object(s) -                                              (Please elaborate, if you can give details.)
    a. Appear to hover will at any time?   YES
    b. Slowly pass or drift slowly at any time?   At the end - going away
    c. Move with jerky motion? -
    d. Give off sparkles? - NO
    e. Leave any visible trail? - NO
    f. Drop anything? - NO
    g. Change brightness? - YES -slightly
    h. Change shape? - NO
    i. Other? - YES

13. Did the object(s) seem to inform, or behind or something? If yes, please estimate flying distance, size, etc., if possible.
    Yes - was covered with a cloud behind a voice

14. How far away? If so, please give direction and speed.
    Not much

15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windowpane, storm window, screening,
    etc? NO

16. Did the object(s) make any sound? NO                             What kind?                                How loud?

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) -
    a. Fuzzy or blurred. - NO
    b. Like a bright star. - Brightened 4/5 west
    c. Sharp/well-defined? -


- page 41 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

1. Did you see the object? yes

2. If you saw the object, draw its path while in motion? Danced

3. Describe apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following: ball of arm's length:
   (Various sizes noted, but not fully legible)

4. How did you happen to follow the object(s)? went outside to view off outside water inside colors going out

5. How did the object(s) disappear from view? went straight until it disappeared down as if vanished

6. Were you alone or with others? yes, was with wife, watched it leaving parking or Logan

7. Please note the distance of the object(s). good view up

8. What was the elevation of the object in the sky? Please mark on this hemisphere sketch:
   (A small sketch of a hemisphere is drawn)

9. Nature and address of other witnesses, if any. OK BLK

10. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation (noting North) your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view, the direction of its course over the city, streets, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.
    (A simple sketch of buildings, a fence, and a tree is drawn)

11. Were there any civil, military, government, or research installations in the area? yes, Logan

12. Have you been or are you now employed at an installation? NO

13. Place a check in appropriate sections: press, other military, news of radio or television programs (include times, station, and channel), scientific or research personnel. (A check will confirm the material is for you)

14. Were you contacted by Air Force intelligence? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state who and give details.
    YES, do not Remember names. CBS Pgh. Alert Pittsburgh

15. We would like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage either receiving citizens to assist other researchers or NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential.
    (Signature and date section at bottom)
    Date of filing of this report: August 9, 1965


- page 42 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This is to include an answer asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces investigating searching, and additional
sources of information. This report will be used for full evaluation by NICAP. Evaluation final will be published by NICAP in its regularity
and will appear in its monthly publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room,
please attach additional sheets. Your assistance is of great value and is cordially appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name (print)                                                 Place of Employment
                                                                Occupation Housewife
                                                                Education Wellesley B.A.
                                                                Military Service

2. Locality of Occurrence Hingham, Mass                         Time 8:45pm                 Time Zone CDT

3. How long was you with the object?                            Minutes 45 seconds

4. Place and type of observation (check one)                    Dusk tonight, nighttime, dusk, etc. dusk to night
                                                                clear sky

5. Position of sun, moon or horizon in relation to the object   Sun had set. Close moon behind
                                                                us

6. If over a sight, twilight, or dawn, was the horizon visible? Yes

7. Were there one or more objects? No                           If yes, tell how many and draw a sketch of what you saw. Indicating
                                                                direction of motion, height, speed, etc. New England, right angle, turning west

8. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, was it (they) opaque solid, or only a source of light was it revolving,
   pulsating, etc. Give as additional sheet if necessary.        Source of light like a large planet

9. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky?   Yes

10. Describe the brightness with sun, moon, etc. brighter       Brighter than a planet

11. Did the object(s) -
    a. Appear to glow with an even glow?                        Yes    It seemed to stop + start, the
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?             Yes    brightness varied, as it disappear
    c. Inch or leap into or an explosive?                       No     the color changed to pink + pink
    d. Give off smoke?                                          No     finally to red-orange at the
    e. Leave any trail?                                         No     last
    f. Change brightness?                                       Yes

12. Did the object(s) move in the form of or behind anything? If so, please describe giving distance, direction, etc. if possible.
    Went behind a tree, came back out + went back in behind tree

13. (Rest of the text is partially illegible or cut off)


- page 43 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Top of form]
Reporting YES
Information YES
Evaluating NO

17. Did the object(s) move or fail while in motion? NO

20. Estimate size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
    About 1/4 size of
    Full moon

21. How did you first become aware of the object(s)? Was called over by Mrs. Reis-neighbor

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? At home - putting children to bed

23. How did the object(s) appear from view? Disappeared still above her yard

24. Describe the object(s) with a picture or in sufficient detail. After it turned, disappeared. Reis than a JET Aircraft

25. Were you able to identify the object? No, please describe. Briefly

26. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? More notes on this hemisphere sketch

[A hand-drawn sketch is included showing a simple landscape with a house, tree, and a line representing the object's path]

34. Date of sighting 8/9/65

[The rest of the form contains various other questions, most of which are answered with "NO"]

The document appears to be a UFO sighting report form from Project Blue Book, dated 8/9/65, located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.


- page 44 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible or too faint to read clearly. There are some fragments of text visible, but not enough to confidently transcribe full sentences or paragraphs. A black bar appears to be redacted at the top of the document. The page appears to be a typewritten document with multiple lines of text, but the image quality makes precise OCR challenging.


- page 45 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W.
Washington 6, D.C.

RECORD ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

The form, filled out by someone asked by the United States Air Force and/or other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional
material, will be useful for full evaluation by NICAP.

Name and address will be kept confidential. This form may be used in compiling statistical information. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Provide your most additional room.
This report does not commit you to belief or disbelief in flying saucers. Your assistance is of great value and highly appreciated. Thank you.

Name: [Redacted]
Place of Employment: Housewife
Occupation: Housewife
Education: B.A. - Dietitian certificate
Special Training: Military Service

Date of Observation: July 19 1965   Time: AM 9:15 PM   Base Zone: Eastern Daylight

Location of Observation: Kensington

How long did you see the object? 15 Minutes   Seconds

What were the weather conditions? Clear - Clear night

Briefly describe what you saw: Bright object sighted in Western sky above trees

How large did it appear? A little brighter than the background of the sky

Did it (they) appear solid, or only a source of light? It appeared as a source of light - very bright

Did the object(s) originate higher than the background of the sky? Yes

Was the event within a building, in open, in car, etc.? Outside

[The rest of the document contains additional questions with some responses, but many are partially illegible or partially obscured]


- page 46 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Tell the object(s)

15. Did the object(s) stay or fall while in motion? NO

16. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
[Some fields appear to be filled in but are not clearly legible]

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? Neighbor called me outside to see

22. Were you surprised what you were seeing at the time? Shocked, was kitchen looking

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? Curved & rapidly faded slightly

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a plane or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. Slow to see at disappear

25. Was the object(s) stationary or moving? [Partially illegible]

[Several other lines are partially or fully illegible]

30. Have you ever seen this or similar object(s) before? NO, please describe those clearances, etc.

[Bottom of form includes:]

Date of filling out this report: Aug 8, 1965

[Signature area is blacked out]

The document appears to be a standard UFO sighting report form with various questions about an observed object, with handwritten responses.


- page 47 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

EASI
AMS BJT (450)     NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                 19 July 1965
FLYING SAUCERS                                               Weymouth, Massachusetts
BY JERRY BUCK
ASSOCIATED PRESS WRITER

NEW YORK, JULY 20 (AP)--SOME PEOPLE AROUND THE WORLD SAY THEY ARE
SEEING MORE IN SUMMER SKIES THAN BUZZING INSECTS AND BIRDS ON
THE WING.

FROM ANTARCTICA TO ENGLAND COME REPORTS OF MYSTERIOUS FLYING
OBJECTS ZIPPING THROUGH SPACE AND, IN SOME REPORTED CASES, INTERFERING
WITH ELECTROMAGNETIC EQUIPMENT.

AT LEAST FIVE SIGHTINGS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN THE PAST
TWO WEEKS REMAIN UNEXPLAINED.

BUT A GLOWING OBJECT THAT CAUSED A COMMOTION FROM OHIO TO
MARYLAND TURNED OUT TO BE A RUNAWAY NAVY BALLOON LAUNCHED IN CANADA.

THE AIR FORCE, WHICH HAS LOOKED INTO 9,127 REPORTED SIGHTINGS
TO DATE SINCE 1947, SAYS IT USUALLY BALLOONS, CARDS, SEARCHLIGHTS,
JET EXHAUSTS--OR THE RED AND WHITE KATE SEEN BY YOUR NEIGHBORS'
CHILD.

TO DATE, THE AIR FORCE SAID ONLY 667 REMAIN UNIDENTIFIED, AND
MOST OF THESE, IT SAID, COULD BE EXPLAINED AWAY IF MORE INFORMATION
WAS MADE AVAILABLE TO ITS INVESTIGATING AGENCY, PROJECT
BLUEBOOK AT WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, DAYTON, OHIO.

THE AIR FORCE SAID ITS 13 YEARS OF INVESTIGATION HAS TURNED UP
ABSOLUTELY NO EVIDENCE TO INDICATE THESE OBJECTS CAME FROM SPACE.

DISAGREEING WITH THE AIR FORCE IS MAJ. DONALD E. KEYHOE, A
RETIRED MARINE PILOT WHO IS DIRECTOR OF THE NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS
COMMITTEE FOR AERIAL PHENOMENA IN WASHINGTON, D.C.

EA52
THE CONCLUSION OF THE MAJORITY OF OUR BOARD OF GOVERNORS AND
SCIENTIFIC CONSULTANTS IS THAT THESE THINGS MUST BE FROM SOME
ADVANCED CIVILIZATION. "WE DO NOT KNOW WHAT THEY ARE."

THE AIR FORCE REACHED THE SAME CONCLUSION YEARS
AGO, BUT HAS A HIGH LEVEL POLICY OF EXPLAINING THE SIGHTINGS AWAY
ONE WAY OR ANOTHER SO AS NOT TO SCARE PEOPLE.

THE SAUCER SEASON GOT OFF TO A FLYING START IN EUROPE JULY 7.
HIS WIFE SAME VAN GORKUM, A SALESMAN, AND HER HUSBAND HAROLD, NEAR
HER HUSBAND HAROLD, SPOTTED A FIERY OBJECT IN THE SOUTHERN SKY NEAR
WARMINSTER, ENGLAND.

THAT SAME NIGHT IN VALENSOLE, FRANCE, MAURICE MASSE SAID HE SAW
TAKING OFF FROM HIS FARM AN OBJECT THAT RESEMBLED A LARGE FOOTBALL
WITH FOUR METAL LEGS. "WE DON'T THINK IT WAS A GAG," SAID AN OFFICIAL.

THE NEXT DAY THE CHILEAN AIR FORCE AND ARGENTINE NAVY REPORTED
THAT CHILEAN, ARGENTINE AND BRITISH PERSONNEL IN ANTARCTICA SAW
LENS-SHAPED OBJECTS--YELLOWISH AND TRANSPARENT--THAT AFFECTED INSTRUMENTS USED TO MEASURE MAGNETIC FIELDS.

OVER THE VILLA DO PORTO WEATHER STATION IN THE AZORES SAID A GLOWING
OBJECT APPEARED OVER THE ISLAND AND THAT THE BUREAU'S ELECTROMAGNETIC
CLOCK STOPPED.

AROUND THE GLOBE ON JULY 15 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL OFFICERS AND
OTHER EXPERT AIRCRAFT OBSERVERS SAID THEY SPOTTED A FLYING OBJECT
GLINTING IN THE SUN NEAR THE AIRPORT AT CANBERRA, AUSTRALIA.

VISIBLE FOR 40 MINUTES, THEN DISAPPEARED WHEN AN AIR FORCE PLANE WAS
SENT AFTER IT.

ANOTHER SIGHTING WAS REPORTED LAST NIGHT AT WEYMOUTH, MASS.
MRS. LAWRENCE FRAZER SAID HER SON, ARNOLD, 20, AND ROBERT 27,
SAW "PULSATING LIGHTS...SPREAD OUT OVER THE SKY." SHE SAID IT
SOUNDED LIKE A FLYING SCIENCE FICTION MOVIE.
PK412PSD


- page 48 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Dec 65

Bahia Blanca, Argentina
19 Jul 65

THIS PICTURE is one of several taken last July during a fantastic saucer sighting flap in South America that is still continuing. The picture was taken by a news photographer in Bahia Blanca, Argentina, named Jose Palma, who was called out at 8:30 p.m. on the night of July 15th to interview a group of people and had just seen a UFO. In the course of a somewhat fantastic evening of interviews and sightings, Palma took two photographs, of which this one shows the most detail. The following night, more UFO sightings were made in and around Bahia Blanca. Dozens of other saucer reports in July and August came from Mexico, Peru, Uruguay, Honduras, Ecuador, Paraguay, Brazil, Venezuela, Chile, and many scattered parts of Argentina.


- page 49 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol. 12, No. 4                                     Bahia Blanca, Argentina
                                                                        19 Jul 55

SAUCER LANDING IN ARGENTINA: On the night of July 19th, several people in a suburb of Bahia Blanca, Argentina, saw a rare apparition of a "scout ship" separating from a "mother ship". This is the same town in which our coverage is not taking place. Just a few days earlier, in the landing incident, which is not described in much detail in the article we have, the UFO gave out a blinding red light for several minutes as it moved about in the sky. Then, a smaller object came out of the larger one, and headed toward earth. After five minutes or so on the ground, the "scout ship" took off again and disappeared in the distance. It left behind scorched earth and other physical evidence, which was taken away by local residents to be analyzed.


- page 50 -

NICAP MASSACHUSETTS INVESTIGATING SUBCOMMITTEE UNIT #1
13 Pond Court
Wenham, Massachusetts

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting - July 19, 1965

DATE: 11 August 1965

FROM: Raymond E. Fowler
       Chairman: NICAP Mass. Investigating Subcommittee

TO: National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena

The following Report provides detailed information concerning a UFO sighting by Miss _______ Northeast Airlines Stewardess, on July 19, 1965 at 4:00 AM EDT from her residence on 23 Fitchburg Street, Watertown, Massachusetts.

This is the first submission of a series of reports being prepared covering the recent rash of UFO sightings in Eastern Massachusetts. Miss MacPherson has given NICAP permission to use her name in connection with the report.

Respectfully submitted,
[Signature]
Raymond E. Fowler
NICAP Investigator

RE/ref

C3. PROJECT BLUEBOOK


- page 51 -

UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY SHEET

UFO REPORT - 7/19/65

WITNESS: [Redacted]
Watertown, Massachusetts

Age: 22
Education: College (2 Years)
Airline Stewardess Training School
Occupation: Airline Stewardess
Northeast Airlines

PLACE: Watertown, Massachusetts (Residential Section)

DATE: 19 July 1965                TIME: 4:00 AM EDT

MAIN GROUND:

The sighting account was printed in the "Boston Globe" dated July 21, 1965. The incident was reported by the wife of R. B. A. Sawczuk. I set up an appointment with the witness. The witness was the only person allowed to interview.

On the phone, she voluntarily told all the phone calls received about the sighting discounted it as Captain Hams forgetting by mother) from Hanson AFS, Medford, Massachusetts Institute of Technology. (They think it was a Dr. Harvey)

WRITING:

I was lying in bed semi-awake when she was attracted by a bright light shining through her second floor bedroom window. She turned to the foot of her bed and saw a huge glowing ball 30° above the western horizon rotating somewhat slow and horizontally at an even speed in a path to south diagonal. (It was not wavering as reported by the "Boston Globe") She told me that the object looked like a solid white-silvery aluminum ball which maintained its shape and brightness. Several times while the object changed and seemed to go through the whole color spectrum before returning to the white-silvery color. The edges of the object were comparable to what a point might look like. It was brighter than a vapor trail.

Observed to was brighter than the background of the sky and its brilliance was compared to that of a submersible headlight at a mile distance. Total observed time was about 30 seconds. After the sighting, she noticed a haze of the object was compared to that of a half-dollar held at arm's length. She was fairly certain it was about that size. She could not estimate its altitude. After some discussion, I concluded the object did not pass in-between-anything. She could not estimate its speed. No other details were noted as to what the object could be but she discussed an apparent direction during or preceding its path.


- page 52 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page Two (UFO Report/Hatchtown, Mass. 7/19/5 - S. MacPherson)

Weather conditions were remembered to be clear sky, slight breeze and warm. There was a slight trace of daylight. A few stars were noticed. The moon was not seen.

EVALUATION:

She had never seen a UFO before although she once talked with an airline pilot who had observed them. Previous to this sighting she had read real literature on UFOs. She now like type "UFO" plan looks publicity. When news of her sighting slipped to the press she was very reluctant to be interviewed.

MOON - 20 days old(day before last quarter) and located in the constellation Pisces. It was not visible from the basement window this Sally viewed was obscured from view. This agrees with her account.

STARS - Vega and Altair would be the brightest stars in the western sky. Size, brightness and movement negate stars. These two stars were probably among the few that Sally stated she observed while watching the object.

BALLOON. Elevation: Favorable. The sunrise for 7/19/5 was 5:23 EDT. At 4:00 AM EDT the sun would have been approximately 20° below the eastern horizon. This any angle with an elevation of 20° or more above the western horizon would begin to reflect sunlight

Speed: Favorable. The object moved very slowly. Information obtained from the U.S. Weather Bureau night weather log at Logan Airport, Boston) 6 mph. (Logan Airport, Boston)

Direction: Unfavorable. The object moved south to north. Information obtained from the U.S. Weather Bureau show that a balloon would have moved into the East-North-East. (Logan Airport, Boston) A balloon would have moved into the East-North.

Brightness/Color: Possible but highly improbable./Too bright

Size: An object with an apparent size of a half-dollar at arm's length at 30° elevation would be over 200 feet in diameter. If it were a mile away, this would rule out most balloons.

I telephoned the witnesses after our interview in regard to the balloon theory. She is familiar with balloons and was surprised at the balloon suggestion.

It is the opinion of this investigator that her reaction is a reasonable one and that the object she saw was not a balloon. The experience within Northeast Articles especially qualifies her in this respect. The object falls into Class B UFO sightings in this respect.

Investigator's Signature (partially obscured)


- page 53 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO DATA SHEET                                                   PAGE ONE

This outline has been prepared so that you can give as much
information as possible concerning a "Unidentified Flying Object"
that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as
you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for
research purposes. Your aid with it to the best of our action with
my statement is, of course, optional. You may publish without your permission.
Thank you very much for your cooperation in this matter.

Investigator: National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena
                 Richard G. Porter
                 13 Stone Court
                 Nahden, Massachusetts

1. When did you see the object?    [Date appears to be partially obscured]

2. Time of day:                    (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
                                    (Circle One): Daylight
                                                  Saving Time
                                                  Sea Card
                                                  Time

3. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Address appears to be blacked out]                City or Town                   State or Country

Additional remarks: [Partially illegible text]

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
   HOURS       MINUTES       SECONDS

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
    your answer to question 5.
    a. Certain                     c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain               d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   (Circle One):   a. Bright daylight             Just a trace of daylight
                   b. Hail daylight               c. No trace of daylight
                   c. Bright sunlight             d. Do not remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or NIGHT, where was the
   sun located as you looked at the object:
   a. In front of you               c. To your right
   b. In back of you                d. To your left    (Circle) Don't remember


- page 54 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

3. If you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (circle one):   a. None
                           b. A few
                           c. Many
                           d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (circle one):    a. Bright moonlight
                           b. Dull moonlight
                           c. No moonlight-dark
                           d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle one):   a. YES   b. NO   c. DON'T REMEMBER

10. If it was BRIGHTER than the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight appearing to be? (CIRCLE ONE BELOW):
    a. A mile or more away? a distant car)
    b. Several blocks away?
    c. A block away?
    d. Several yards away?
    e. Other?

11. Did the object:                           (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?     YES   NO   DON'T KNOW
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   YES   NO   DON'T KNOW
    c. Break up into parts or explode?         YES   NO   DON'T KNOW
    d. Give off smoke?                         YES   NO   DON'T KNOW
    e. Change brightness?                      YES   NO   DON'T KNOW
    f. Change shape?                           YES   NO   DON'T KNOW
    g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?             YES   NO   DON'T KNOW

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One):   YES   NO   DON'T KNOW
    If you answered yes, then tell what it moved behind: [illegible text]

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    [illegible text]   DON'T KNOW   (Circle One)
    if you answered yes, then tell what it moved in front of: [illegible text]

14. Did the object appear (Circle One): SOLID?   TRANSPARENT   DON'T KNOW

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses    YES   NO     d. Window glass   YES   NO     g. Other: [illegible text]
    b. Sun glasses   YES   NO     e. Binoculars    YES   NO
    c. Windshield    YES   NO     f. Telescope     YES   NO


- page 55 -

The image appears to be a scanned document page with mostly illegible text. There is a dark, blurry marking or shape at the top of the page that looks like a smudge or partial line. The rest of the page contains faint, blurry text that is not clearly readable due to the poor image quality. I cannot confidently transcribe any specific text from this document.


- page 56 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. SOUND ___________________
b. COLOR ___________________

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label a.d include 1. your sketch a.y details of the object that you saw such as wings, perspective, etc. a.d especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place a. arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Other ___________________

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ___________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, a.d put a. arrow to show the directio. that they were travelling.

Page 3 is noted at the top right of the document.

The document contains a hand-drawn sketch of an oval/elliptical shape with an arrow indicating its direction of movement.


- page 57 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place a "M" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show a y changes in direction during the course.

21. If POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. _____________ Feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects "held" in the hand at about arm's length?
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin     g. Silver dollar
               b. Pea              h. Baseball
               c. Dime             i. Grapefruit
               d. Nickel           j. Basketball
               e. Quarter          k. Other ______________
               f. Half-dollar

22.1 CIRCLE ONE of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to question 22.
       a. Certain                c. Not very sure
       b. Fairly certain         d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? [Handwritten response, partially illegible]

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type MATERIAL would you make it? How LARGE would it be, and what SHAPE would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Handwritten response at bottom]


- page 58 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In a airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ________________

26. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near a airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the FOLLOWING questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One):
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour

28.3 Did you stop at any time while observing object? (Circle One): YES NO

29. What direction were you looking when you FIRST SAW the object? (Circle One):
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you LAST SAW the object? (Circle One):
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation):
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees
b. From horizon _______ degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North _______ degrees
b. From horizon _______ degrees


- page 59 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon. (skykine) when you FIRST saw it, place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you LAST saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you FIRST saw it, and a "B" at its position when you LAST saw it. (Refer to smaller sketch as an example of "how" to complete the larger sketch.)

33.1 Were there any KNOWN aircraft in the sky during your sighting?
(Circle One): YES   NO

IF you answered YES, was it following or attempting to intercept the Unidentified Flying Object? (Circle One): YES   NO

If you answered YES, please circle TYPE of aircraft:
MILITARY:         COMMERCIAL:   PRIVATE?   JET?   PROPELLER?

How many engines did the aircraft have? _______


- page 60 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS(Circle One)
    a. Clear sky
    b. Hazy
    c. Scattered clouds
    d. Thick or heavy clouds
    e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND(Circle One)
    a. No wind
    b. Slight breeze
    c. Strong wind
    d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER(Circle One)
    a. Dry
    b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Snow
    e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE(Circle One)
    a. Cold
    b. Cool
    c. Warm
    d. Hot
    e. Don't remember

35. Who did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
    [Multiple blank lines for entering Official or Organization Name, Day, Month, Year]

36. Have you read literature pertaining to Unidentified Flying Objects?
    (Circle One) YES NO   IF YES, how much? (Circle One) A LITTLE? MODERATELY? EXTENSIVELY?

37. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
    (Circle One) YES NO
    37.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
        (Circle One) YES NO
    37.2 Please list their names and addresses if you circled YES:
        [Instruction to attach separate sheet for above]

38. Was this the first time that you had seen an object(s) like this?
    (Circle One) YES NO
    38.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances
    [Blank lines for additional details]

39. In your opinion, what do you think the object(s) was and what might have caused it?
    [Handwritten response, partially illegible]


- page 61 -

Here is the text from the document:

40. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES (NO)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _______ MPH

41. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES (NO)
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _______ FEET

42. Did the Object(s) cause any interference with the operation of:
(Circle where applicable) RADIO? TV? LIGHTS? OTHER? _______
If you underlined any of above, explain the interference below:

43. Was a photo taken of the Object(s)? (Circle One) YES (NO)
Would you be willing to submit a copy? (Circle One) YES NO
If you circled YES, please send copy indicating monetary reimbursement.

44. Do you belong to a y Organization which investigates Unidentified
Flying Objects? (Circle One) YES (NO) IF YES, list them below:

45. May we publish your report if your name is kept confidential? YES NO
May we publish your report and use your name? YES NO
(Circle One)

47. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
Last Name    First Name    Middle Name

ADDR [redacted]
Street        City        State

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]

What is your present job? [partially illegible]

AGE 60    SEX Female

Please indicate a y educational training you have had: (Number of years)
a. Grade school 6    e. Technical school
b. High school        f. Other special training?
c. College
d. Post graduate     [additional text partially illegible]

48. Signature [redacted]    Date: [redacted]


- page 62 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

20 Jul 65
Chile

Deltavolant and Disaster

The sky was clear and bright at about 5 p.m. on July 20 (date subject to confirmation), when many people living in the provinces of Antofagasta and Atacama in northern Chile saw a pale blue conical, or triangular-shaped UFO. This object, which was huge, and at a great height, later underwent a series of changes in its apparent shape, until it appeared finally as an elongated shape, pale blue, but then, its colour was predominantly pale blue, so the colour changed to a vivid green, with an orange-coloured section. The UFO then gave out a series of tremendous explosions, and very soon afterwards an area of no less than 2,900 square kilometres up and down the coast of Chile was devastated by the most fearful hurricane known in that country's history. Thousands were made homeless and the Government declared a state of emergency, such as is customary in the case of earthquakes. Ten thousand temporary shelters had to be provided for the afflicted, and there was much fear and talk in the area, for the people believed that the disaster had been caused by the strange sky object.

We feel nothing but sympathy for the unhappy victims of this catastrophe. Maybe there was a connection between the natural disaster and the sighting of the UFO, and it is not surprising that such a conclusion should be arrived at by the people in northern Chile. However, if the UFO did cause the hurricane, it was not necessarily a deliberate act. In Father Felices's article about the giant flying triangle over Valladolid (see FLYING SAUCER REVIEW, November/December edition, 1965) we are told that the area of that particular object was calculated as being in the region of a square kilometre - a veritable flying city!

The reports indicate that the Antofagasta-Atacama object was of a similar kind, and from the eyewitnesses' accounts, it is not unreasonable to suggest that it was experiencing extreme mechanical troubles which culminated in the vast explosions. If this was so, then it is quite likely that immense heat was generated, indicated by the intense colour changes; heat so great that it could have caused a sudden upward surge or convection of air, which would result in a hurricane-force inrush of winds to fill the violently-created depression.

No accounts have been seen which indicate the fate of the UFO. This omission is understandable, for who would stand to watch an object in the sky when faced by the full destructive force of an onrushing hurricane?


- page 63 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Dec 55

Chanaral, Chile
20 Jul 65

SAUCER LANDING IN CHILE! On the night of July 20th, a civil engineer named Carlos Videla Zamundio saw a UFO settle gently down to earth no more than 150 yards from the hotel where he was staying overnight, in the port city of Chanaral. In northern Chile, he was awakened at about 4 a.m. by a loud noise outside his hotel room, and looking out over the desolate beach, he saw an object shaped like a top, which landed for a period of four or five minutes.

The UFO came down vertically from the sky, and seemed to be illuminated with a strange light which produced no shadows. It had a diameter of 10 or 12 yards, and was a bright red in color. The noise diminished while the object was on the ground, but got louder again at the take-off, at which time the UFO hovered briefly at an altitude of about 30 yards above the sand, and then disappeared from sight at unbelievable speed. Apparently there were no other witnesses to this most interesting sighting, which was recounted in detail in a Buenos Aires newspaper dated July 24th, sent to us by our newly-appointed South American Editor.

The same newspaper tells of several less spectacular sightings on the night of July 23rd, in Tarapaca, itself, where numerous people saw a red and green object fly at low altitude over the city. A few nights earlier, a movie photographer named Marcelo Soria, working for TV Channel 7 in Buenos Aires, took a movie film of a UFO. Although he opened the lens as wide as he could, and filmed for several minutes, the image was so faint that it can be seen only when the film is examined carefully frame by frame.


- page 64 -

NO CASE:    Information Only
SOURCE:    AFRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

20 Jul 65
Wayland, Massachusetts

At Wayland, Mass., a suburb of Boston, about 20 residents reported to Station WKOX on the night of the 20th that they had watched a round, silvery-white UFO moving in the sky and hovering over the community. The 20 were made up of three different groups of residents who reported their sightings of the object independent of each other. They said the object, traveling from south to north, appeared to pause and hover for about 20 minutes, then "danced from side to side" before continuing its flight into the north.


- page 65 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: APRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65                                   20 Jul 65
                                                                    Barquisimeto, Venezuela

Barquisimeto, Tachira State, Venezuela:

On the 20th, a strange, round-shaped object was observed by many people in the afternoon. The object was estimated to be at about 12,000 feet altitude. The object gave off multicolored lights and after hovering over the city for a few seconds, it headed southeast at high speed, leaving a trail resembling a comet's tail which remained in the sky for about a half hour after the sighting.


- page 66 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                                    14 July 1965
                                                                                        BEDFORD, MASSACHUSETTS

33 Grand Court
Woburn, Massachusetts

SUBJECT:    UFO Report - 15,16 July 1965 (Westover, Massachusetts)

DATE:       29 August 1965

FROM:       Raymond E. Fowler
            Chairman: NICAP Massachusetts Subcommittee

TO:         NICAP

            cc: PROJECT BLUEBOOK

            The following report providing information concerning
            the sighting of a UFO at Westover, Massachusetts on 15,16
            July 1965 10:30 PM and 2:00 AM EDT by [redacted] a resident
            of Westover and a licensed airplane pilot.

            This subcommittee is still in the process of evaluating
            over 40 UFO reports received from early in July to the date
            of writing. Several have been eliminated as Venus, a huge
            kite carrying a flare, the Echo satellite and misidentification
            of an aircraft. Because of the volume of reports being
            received, detailed accounts and our evaluation will be slow
            coming to NICAP. The continuing "UFO" is actually making us
            "UFO-weary"?!?

            [Signature of Raymond E. Fowler]
            Raymond E. Fowler
            NICAP Investigator

            REF/ref

            [Bottom of page has a redacted address in Woburn, Massachusetts]


- page 67 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE
INFORMATION ONLY

20-24 J.M. 65

July 22, 1965

N.A.D.A.P
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sirs:

I head a flying saucer
investigation club and it be-
lieve that what I have dis-
covered recently will prove of
interest to you.

On Tuesday, July 22, 1965,
an unidentified flying object
was sighted over the Wares-
ter. Miles, and the time of
this sighting was about 10:23PM
On Wednesday, July 21, 1965,
at 2:15 am, another sighting


- page 68 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

was reported from Manchester,
U.A.

The witness in Recorder
described the objects as cir-
cular in shape with red to
green light to which seemed it
be rotating around the object
The object also had stationary
yellow light in its center.

The description by the Wit-
ness witness confirmed the
descriptions given by the
Manchester witnesses as
well as an official space commu-
nical advertising plane.
These reports came over
various radio stations.

However, this is one se-
rious point which at least plays an
important role in this par-


- page 69 -

Titular series of sightings.

The report comes from the city of Moongahela, PA. On clear night of Tuesday, July 20, 1965, the same night as the Worcester sighting, people saw a UFO at about 8:30 p.m. Again the description given by these witnesses matched the others I previously mentioned. The object sped away, moving in a northwesterly direction?

8:50 p.m. in Moongahela.
10:20 p.m. in Worcester.
2:15 a.m. in Manchester.

These are the times & locales in which the object was sighted. By the fact that the same object was viewed in 3 different locations.


- page 70 -

states, the possibility of it be-
ing an hallucin. State is cited
if. else, the time which the
spot was seen indicates a
progression movement to-
wards the north-western lips
of the U.S.

It was a common place church
simple appearance. It consider
interested state that the ob-
ject was traveling in an
N. direction. Two hours later,
the object was seen in Niles-
ta, Ohio, which is about 55 miles
northwest of Youngstowh. The
three witnesses state that
the object began a north-east
only direction. Almost 4 hours
later, the object was seen in
Newcastle, N.H., about 75


- page 71 -

Here is the text from the document:

...lie northeast of Morgantown.

I have shown that a UFO
was seen in three different states
on the night of July 24 & 25, in
this year, 1965.

I would appreciate if
you will use your access
concerning this letter.

Thank you,
Sincerely

[Redacted]

"Central Intelligence
Intelligence Record"


- page 72 -

National Investigations
Committee on Aerial Phenomena
Washington, D. C.
Inc.


- page 73 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Vermont

N.H.

Manchester 7/21/65
2:35 A.M.

Nashua

Lowell

Boston

Worcester 7/21/65
12:30 P.M.

Connecticut

Providence


- page 74 -

21 - 31 JULY 1965 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                        OBSERVER    EVALUATION

21      25.431 152.178 (Far East)       Military    Astro (METEOR)
21      Bohemia, Maryland                           INSUFFICIENT DATA
21      Monticello, New York                        AIRCRAFT
21      Corpus Christi, Texas                       BALLOON
21      Fores AFB, Kansas                Military   Astro (PARELIA)
22      Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania                    Astro (METEOR SHOWER)
22      Heidelberg, Pennsylvania                    Astro (METEOR)
22      Dayton, Ohio                                Astro (METEOR)
22      Normal, Illinois                            AIRCRAFT
23      Kelso, Washington                           SATELLITE
24      Lincoln, Nebraska                Multiple   AIRCRAFT
24      Anacortes, Washington           Military   Astro (METEOR)
25      Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania                    INSUFFICIENT DATA
25      Ciales Ferry, Connecticut                   INSUFFICIENT DATA
25      Bloomingsburg, New York                     AIRCRAFT
25      Dayton, Ohio                                Astro (METEOR)
25      Clinton County, Ohio                        AIRCRAFT
25      Battle Creek, Michigan                      SATELLITE
25      Dayton, Ohio                                SATELLITE
25      Castalia, Ohio                              SATELLITE
25      Dayton, Ohio                                UNIDENTIFIED
25      Truax Field, Wisconsin                      SATELLITE
25      Bruni, Texas                     Military   AIRCRAFT
25      Winnetka, Illinois                          SATELLITE
25      Dayton, Ohio                                SATELLITE
25      Chicago, Illinois                           SATELLITE
25      Dayton, Ohio                                INSUFFICIENT DATA
25      Cumberland, Maryland                        1. Photo: (POOR PHOTO PROCESSING)
                                                    2. Visual: INSUFFICIENT DATA

26      Richards Gebaur AFB, Missouri   Multiple   SATELLITE
26      Nashville, Tennessee                        AIRCRAFT
26      Albuquerque, New Mexico                     Astro (METEOR)
26      Covina, California                          Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
26      Pike County, Missouri                       AIRCRAFT
27      Mt. Lebanon, Pennsylvania                   1. SATELLITE
                                                    2. AIRCRAFT: INSUFFICIENT DATA
27      Williston, South Carolina       Civilian   1./Astro (MARS)
27      Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania                    2./Astro (METEORS)
27      Yosemite, California                        AIRCRAFT
28      Aguaia, Puerto Rico                         1. Other (NO IMAGE)
                                                    2. AIRCRAFT
28      Carswell AFB, Texas                         AIRCRAFT
29      Chicago, Illinois                           SATELLITE
29      Spokane, Washington             Multiple   Astro (ALTAIR/ARCTURUS)
29-30   Twin Falls, Idaho                           SATELLITE
30      East Coast United States                    Astro (METEORS)
30      Dayton, Ohio                     Civilian   INSUFFICIENT DATA
30      Oklahoma City, Oklahoma                     Astro (METEOR)
30      Bellingham, Washington                      Astro (METEOR)
30      Connersville, Indiana                       SATELLITE
30      Wabaunga, S. D. CASE MISSING                INSUFFICIENT DATA
31                                                  Astro (STARS/PLANETS)


- page 75 -

21 - 31 JULY 1965 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

31      Elmhurst, Illinois      Foran                      1. Astro (METEOR)
                                (Midwest Flap)             2. Astro (MOON)
                                (FOLDER)                   Other (INVERSION EFFECTS)
                                Multiple RADAR PHOTO

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                SOURCE                     EVALUATION

21      Bingham, Mass           Fowler (NICAP RPT)
21      Greytown, South Africa  News Clipping
21      Congonhas, Brazil
21      Columbia River Basin, Wash.
22      San Pablo, Brazil
23      Useda, Spain
23      Helsinki, Finland
24      Brampton, England
24      Salem, Oregon area
24      Lima, Peru
25      Andalusia, Spain
25      Terceira Island, Azores
25      Diamante, Argentina
25      Caracas, Venezuela
26      Bloomingburg, N.Y.
27      Carnaveros, Australia   Shaver (Ltr)
27      San Sebastian, Spain    News Clipping
27      Brazil
27      Lima, Peru
27      Alicante, Spain
28      Chincheros, Peru
28      Maracaibo, Venezuela
29      Dayton, Ohio            MR (Lt Harriman)
29      Lima, Peru              News Clipping
30      Oregon, Washington area
30      Villa de Beluca, Chile
30      Cumana, Venezuela
30      Sintra, Spain
31      Goomalla, New South Wales
31      Benton City, Washington
31      Sydney, Nebraska
31      Oklahoma City, Okla.
31      Mt. Airy, N.C.
31      N. Weymouth, Mass.       Patries (Ltr & News Clipping)
                                 Fowler (NICAP RPT)


- page 76 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE-T & GROUP
28 July 55 I

2. LOCATION
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Multiple

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
General comment that objects are being reported by residents in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Area.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Not Stated

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 77 -

UFO SIGHTINGS SUMMARY REPORT

UFO Report - 7/15/6 & 7/16/5

WITNESS: [Redacted], Massachusetts                PLACE: [Redacted], Sherborn, Mass.
           Licensed Airplane Pilot               TIME: 1st Sighting- 10:30 PM EDT
                                                   2nd Sighting- 2:00 AM EDT

BACKGROUND:
The report was carried in the "World News"(s), Fall River, Mass. on 7/21/5. A press conference was held in Boston to many police, including the press, 3 NICAP members and a local UFO Group had already been informed. I have interest her by phone and she filled out a NICAP report.

SIGHTING ACCOUNT # 1:
The object sighted at 10:30 PM was a self-luminous light source capable in size to a bright star. It was observed travelling in a north-south direction at 200 to 300 above the western horizon. In the western section where it was observed by distant trees. No unusual features about the object were that it carried no blinking lights and was not receivable through binoculars.

SIGHTING ACCOUNT # 2:
The object was sighted at 2:00 AM EDT 15 - 20° above the western horizon. It was with wings, curved about her first sighting path, and arrived the western sky. Her between lens a screen door with open area a one depth power bar an unobstructed view of the western sky. She noticed a reddish color. When she first saw the object, she was on the dark side of a better look at it. Observing the object through binoculars, she noted that the object seemed to have a stationary center of yellow lights, a continuous red area. It was a fixed object and ascertained that it was hovering. When waiting about 15 minutes she then saw the object begin to move slowly with a definite sideways movement out of line - about behind distant trees.

EVALUATION:
During both sightings the sky was clear and many stars were visible. No moon was visible. The time was approximately 1272 in the area. No conclusive explanation could be found and figures satellites were due at the UFO sighting times. The witness had a definite point of interest and so would be considered a credible observer. The point might possibly be characterized as a typical UFO observation. I felt that because of these factors, the caliber of the witness and the very fact that UFO sightings came in this general area in July warranted a report to NICAP.

[Signature and additional details at bottom of document]


- page 78 -

22 Jul 65   At approximately 2030 - 2100 hours this date many calls were
            received from individuals also News Media concerning observations
            of UFO's. The general description, cigar shaped with red exhaust.
            The Keachie Bureau, PA, Allegheny Observatory and Pulhl Planetarium
            were contacted. The Observatory and Planetarium concluded that
            the objects sighted were Vector Showers. News Media publicized same.
            As of this date, the News Media has given much publicity to UFO's.

25 Jul 65   Several reports received from residents of the Pittsburgh area.
            General description, oval shaped orange disc traveling in various
            directions.

27 Jul 65   Several reports received from local residents. Orange sphere
            sighted 2130 - 2200 hours. Sphere rotated back and forth, stopped,
            then rotated and disappeared over the horizon, no flame, no noise,
            also reports of cigar shaped objects, same type reported 22 Jul 65.

1 Aug 65    Several reports received. Silver sphere object sighted. One report
            stated silver shaped saucer, small oval windows seen 1630 hours.
            Further questioning revealed report unreliable.

3 Aug 65    Report received of high pitched whine heard 0335 hours. However,
            individual saw nothing.

4 Aug 65    Report received of red haze in the sky 2140 hours, object sighted
            football in shape, no sound, about size of north star, disappeared
            over horizon.

7 Aug 65    Report received, red object sighted revolving as it traveled. Object
            brighter in the center, moving at a fast rate of speed.

11 Aug 65   Report received, round shaped bright orange object moving at a
            fast rate of speed, made a whistling sound, came down low and
            flew over residence. Also another report of flying saucer type
            object moving at a fast rate of speed. Further investigation
            revealed report unreliable.

SUMMARY: The inspecting officer has observed nothing to date. All reports
are checked and most reports to our knowledge are unreliable and possible hoaxes.
Publicity recently given UFO's we feel has stimulated telephone reports and
because of the number of reports, forms have been reproduced for collecting
initial information, which is checked further by the Information Officer at a
later date. No releases by this organization concerning UFO's have been made
to the news media. SAFOI has been contacted and the current report on Project
Blue Book has been received. Names, addresses and phone numbers of observers
reporting UFO's are kept on file. The FAA, Weather Bureau, other military
installations in the area, Allegheny Observatory, Pulhl Planetarium have been
informed to contact this organization when UFO's are sighted.


- page 79 -

Reported Sightings

22 Jul 1965 ................ Mr. Tower, Gbe Pgh Art Terminal Bldg.
                             Mars, Pa.
                             Pgh 10, Pa.
                             Pgh 7, Pa.
                             Pgh 7, Pa.
                             Boon, Pa.
                             Mt. Lebanon

25 Jul 1965 ................ Miss ............., Pgh, Pa.
                             Churchill Borough.
                             Miss ............., Pgh, Pa.
                             ............., McKeesport, Pa.

27 Jul 1965 ................ Mr. ............., Apt 12, 
                             ............., Pgh 5, Pa.

1 Aug 1965 ................ Mr. ............., Pa.

4 Aug 1965 ................ Mr. ............., Monmwood, Pa.

7 Aug 1965 ................ Mr. ............., Pgh, Pa.
                             Mr. ............., Allison Park, Pa.

11 Aug 1965 ............... Mr. ............., Pgh, Pa.
                             New Bethlehem, Pa.
                             ............., Pgh 14, Pa.


- page 80 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
27 July 65 28/0230Z

2. LOCATION
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Units 16

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Recorded

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Varied

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (L. ANG - 2, SATURN)
Long disappearing. Note the horizon & sky report of this or similar
sighting is likely cause of the reported object. And with not reported
sightings on 28 July could indicate object was a planet or star.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Citing where rotating back and forth. Disappeared over the
horizon. Also that object was visible to spectators on 27 and
on 28 July.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 81 -

22 Jul 65    At approximately 2030 - 2130 hours this date many calls were
             received from individuals also News Media concerning observations
             of UFO's. The general description, cigar shaped with red exhaust.
             The Weather Bureau, FAA, Allegheny Observatory and Buhl Planetarium
             were contacted. The Observatory and Planetarium concluded that
             the objects sighted were Meteor Showers. News Media publicized same.

25 Jul 65    Several reports received from residents of the Pittsburgh area.
             General description, oval shaped orange disc's traveling in various
             directions.

27 Jul 65    Several reports received from local residents. Orange sphere
             sighted 2130 - 2200 hours. Sphere rotated back and forth, stopped,
             then rotated and disappeared over the horizon, no flame, no noise,
             also reports of cigar shaped objects, some type reported 22 Jul 65.

1 Aug 65     Several reports received. Silver sphere object sighted. One report
             stated silver shaped, small oval winged seen 1630 hours.
             Further questioning revealed report unreliable.

3 Aug 65     Report received of high pitched white heard 0335 hours. However,
             individual saw nothing.

4 Aug 65     Report received of red haze in the sky 2140 hours, object sighted
             football in shape, no sound, about size of north star, disappeared
             over horizon.

7 Aug 65     Report received, red object sighted revolving as it traveled. Object
             brighter in the center, moving at a fast rate of speed.

11 Aug 65    Report received, round shaped bright orange object moving at a
             fast rate of speed, made a whistling sound, came down low and
             flew over residence. Also another report of flying saucer type
             object moving at a fast rate of speed. Further investigation
             revealed report unreliable.

SUMMARY: The inspecting officer has observed nothing to date. ALL reports
are checked and most reports to our knowledge are unreliable and possible hoaxes.
Publicity recently given UFO's we feel has stimulated telephone reports and
because of the number of reports, forms have been reproduced for collecting
initial information, which is checked further by the Information Officer at a
later date. No releases by this organization concerning UFO's have been made
to the news media. SAFOI has been contacted and the current report on Project
Blue Book has been received. Names, addresses and phone numbers of observers
reporting UFO's are kept on file. The FAA, Weather Bureau, other military
installations in the area, Allegheny Observatory, Puhl Planetarium have been
informed to contact this organization when UFO's are sighted.


- page 82 -

Reported Sightings

22 Jul 1965 ................ (Tel)                 PGH Agpt Terminal Bldg.
                       (Tel)                      Mars, Pa.
                       (Tel)                      PGH 10, Pa.
                       (Tel)                      PGH 7, Pa.
                       (Tel)                      505 Flowers Ave., PGH 7, Pa.
                       (Tel)                      Mt. Lebanon

25 Jul 1965 ................ (Tel)                 PGH, Pa.
                       (Tel)                      Churchill Borough.
                       (Tel)                      PGH, Pa.
                       (Tel)                      E. McKeesport, Pa.

27 Jul 1965 ................ Sq                    Squirrel Hill Ave., PGH, Pa., Apt 12,
                       (Tel)                      PGH 5, Pa.

1 Aug 1965 ................. (Tel)                 PGH, Pa.

4 Aug 1965 ................. (Tel)                 Norwood, Pa.

7 Aug 1965 ................. (Tel)                 PGH, Pa.
                       (Tel)                      Mason Park, Pa.

11 Aug 1965 ................. (Tel)                 PGH, Pa.
                       (Tel)                      New Bethlehem, Pa.
                       (Tel)                      PGH 11, Pa.


- page 83 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

[Some text is redacted/blacked out]

Occupation: at home
Education: Special Training LICENSED AIRPLANE PILOT
Military Service: [redacted]

Date of Observation: 7/31/65
Locality of Observation: SEABORN - WESTERN SKY
Time: 10:30 PM D. AM PS EDT Time Zone

How long did you see the object?: several minutes
In each case, several minutes, daily object. In each case, no moon - clear night.

Weather conditions and sky type: clear night, many stars - no moon

Describe the object in detail: the first would compare with a star - two jack wander appeared to have a red revolving around center.

[Some additional text is partially illegible or redacted]

Screening: I went outside to observe more carefully.

[The last line appears to read something like "...like a star, the scene described"]


- page 84 -

