PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 8 December 65 Evening

2. LOCATION: Tangent, Oregon

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: East

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Will evaluate when 164 is returned.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer noticed a very unusual red glare on the horizon north of Levarnon. It was similar to the red glare which often persists when the setting sun shows up very red. Later, the red glare entirely disappeared. Observer went outside when all of a sudden a big luminous white donut object very close appeared in near direction. As the same time, a big shining luminous loop appeared high in the sky in the opposite direction. Small luminous loops separated around the area. The big white donut seemed to proceed back to the East somewhat. Slowly it raised higher and Eastward. A dense fog moved in later. The next morning the object was gone.

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
January 11, 1966

Mr. [redacted]
Tangent, Oregon

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Reference your unidentified observation of 3 December 1965. The information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 2 -

Tangent, Oregon
December 22, 1965

Secretary of the Air Force
Office of Information
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:-

I live in Linn County, Oregon, about six miles west of Lebanon, a town of about six thousand people. I am 72 years old and was born and raised upon the farm here where I now live. I would have no motive whatever for making up an impossible story.

Upon the evening of December the eighth, I noticed a very unusual red glare upon the horizon east and somewhat north of Lebanon. It was similar to the red glare which for some time often persists when the setting sun shows up very red. However, somewhat later, the red glare had practically disappeared.

Stepping outside into the near freezing night air, I was flabbergasted to see a big luminous white object almost very close and held in my visualization. At the same time, a big swirling luminous loop appeared high in the sky directly overhead. Small luminous loops appeared around about. However, the white luminous moment object seemed to easily break into the sky and moving in a southwesterly direction. It would probably remain visible for some time afterward. However, a mass of clouds later moved in - just when I do not know - and in the morning it was no longer visible.

Believe it or not, not word or picture appeared in local papers about it. They intimated that no one else had reported it. This seems to me absolutely incredible. Are you afraid to answer this letter? Willing to divulge what it was, I do not think it was hostile or armed. Is left my upon trail, what moved it, I do not know. If you do not know what this was, for God's sake, is it not time you found out?

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]


- page 3 -

Secretary of the Air Force
Office of Information
Washington, D. C.

There is also a postage stamp in the upper right corner of the document with a postmark, and a partially redacted text in the upper left corner.


- page 4 -

