PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: August 65 Night (430 AM)
2. LOCATION: Bakersfield, California
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Few Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Sighting is descriptive of a night photo mission using infra-red equipment. Sound created by generator for equipment.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Witness awakened by loud noise such as propeller driven a/c with adjustable pitch props. Slow flying a/c very low. Estimated altitude 500 ft, speed 150 knots. Had large yellow-orange lights pointed toward the ground. Lights had fuzzy edges.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) - Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Mrs. Hunt/man/SAFOICC/72842/29 Sep

Dear Mr.

This is in reply to your letter concerning unidentified flying objects.

Your first observation is very similar to an observation of an infrared photo mission. The color of lights, slow speed, low altitude, and the noise are all characteristic of this type of observation. The noise is caused by a generator which is used to operate the equipment.

Your observation on 1 September 1965 can be attributed to a test aircraft flying at a high altitude.

Thank you for reporting your observations to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

JOHN E. SPAULDING
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Mr.
Bakersfield, California

COORDINATED By (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date)

OC
SAF-OI


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Bakersfield, Calif.
September 16, 1965

U. S. Department of the Air Force,
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

I have been rather hesitant about writing this letter, feeling that you know what it is all about but within is over 10 you don't know then you should.

About a month ago I was walking outside with two of the children. At 10 N. I was aroused by a very loud noise which I could say was caused by a propeller drive aircraft with unusual pitch above this area on the rooftop. Then I saw a very slow flying aircraft just starting to disappear over the rooftop. I would guess it wasn't flying faster than 150 MPH and any higher than 500 feet. Had I been watching carefully I could have observed it directly or ahead.

The plane was equipped with what appear to be very large yellow-orange or orange-yellow lights pointed toward the ground and arranged in this position - the 14 was did not flicker or cast a beam and while before climax seemed to have a fuzzy edge. I should have ran around to the other side of the house and looked out I am sorry I didn't.

On the evening of September 1st, 1965, I was sitting in the back yard enjoying the cool evening and watching the sky for shooting stars(?). To the west I noticed the red and green lights of very high lights. Then I seemed to be going so fast I watched it for a little while until it was directly overhead. I could hear no noise and the lights were sparkling clear although appearing very small due to the height. When the plane was directly overhead I nearly fell out of my chair when the triangle of lights flying right along side the red and green lights, as exactly the same sound and probably the same height. The red and green lights were off to the side a little, though, perhaps 1/4 mile at that height. The yellow-orange of the lights (?) were not sparkling bright and appeared as though I was looking at them through a white haze although the sky was perfectly clear. Had I not been a mechanical or jet light expert I never would have seen them. They may have been moving at 1000 MPH although there was no sonic boom to after over here was past. The red and green lights were triangular, if I had not been a pilot I would have thought it was three flying objects but I am sure they were mounted on one aircraft, with a fairly good viewpoint. My reaction was that we have something here that is rather a wild, and I say at this time, either a UFO, a hallucination of some kind, electronic or otherwise; or photographic perhaps; perhaps a lot was relatively controlling the UFO; or, who knows, trying to identify it.

Towards last two far to the SE rising, 50 miles or so by air, I was, as I always do often I see odd points on in the sky which I always flying is a test of some kind from there.

Very truly yours,

[Signature and bottom of page are redacted/blacked out]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Southern California Edison Company
[Partially illegible address line]
Bakersfield, Calif. 93305

U. S. Department of the Air Force
H. Q. A.
Washington, D. C.

There is also a postmark stamp visible that says "BAKERSFIELD, CALIF." with a date of SEP 3 1965.


- page 4 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEWR
SUBJECT: UFO Sightings, Bakersfield, California

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI00 (Mrs Hunt)
Wash DC 20330

Reference the attached letter from [redacted] requesting information on his recent unidentified observations. The first observation of August 1965 is very similar to an observation of intra-red photo mission. The color of the lights, slow speed, low altitude and the noise are all characteristic of this type of observation. The noise is caused by a generator used in operating the equipment. The second sighting of 1 September could be caused by test aircraft at high altitude as Mr Haberman suggests.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC J. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Ltr

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 5 -

