Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
21 Feb 65  03/0952

2. LOCATION
Larson AFB, Milton Fld

3. SOURCE
Military

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
n/a

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Approx 15 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Air-to-Ground

7. COURSE
N to S

8. PHOTO
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
Unidentified (Possibly) 1/14

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
(Text in this section is partially illegible)

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0430 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

LETTERS

Sir:

On March 31st at 10:46 p.m. Mountain standard time, an area of at least 300,000 square miles of Canada and the United States was lit up momentarily by the descent of a flaming object into south-central British Columbia. Thousands of witnesses telephoned police and radio stations, observatories and weather bureaus.

Reports from the Edmonton, Alberta, area were fairly consistent: from northeast to southwest, a large, white disk moved over the horizon, apparently detonating over the Golden-Revelstoke region, 230 air miles southwest of Edmonton. Residents of Golden and Revelstoke told of hearing a thunderous roar that rattled and even broke windows.

How could a single fireball have served all the way from the Queen Charlotte Islands (near Ketchikan, Alaska) in the northwest to Seattle (Washington) in the southwest, and from Mitkwalla (Montana) in the southeast to Redwater (Alberta) in the northeast? At first, observers believed it might be a meteoric procession, like that of February 9, 1913.

Then it was learned that a classified U. S. Air Force satellite, 1964-68A, was tracking a 48-hour period that included this wide spreading lighting. Perhaps the satellite had broken up, or its last-stage booster was rendered at the same time. Calculations based on fairly recent orbital data indicated the satellite was to pass over Edmonton from northeast to southwest at 10:51 p.m. However, then Spacecraft in Colorado Springs informed me by telephone that 1964 was more updated information, from near the coast of Antarctica, at 65° south and 120° east.

Dominion physical Radio Observatory, the University of Alberta, and other institutions are now interviewing residents around Revelstoke, British Columbia, in an effort to pinpoint the landing area of this object.

IAN C. McLEAN
Queen Elizabeth Planetarium
Edmonton, Alta., Canada

278 SKY AND TELESCOPE, May, 1965


- page 2 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   25   October   1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The object appeared to be interested in our school. My guess is once it saw us, looking at it, took off.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location:
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
They do not want their names known

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: Saratoga, Calif.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 14 SEX: M

(Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.)
I have studied flying saucers and I know that they exist. I love astronomy and have seen many U.F.O.s.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Not sure March 1965 To my parents


- page 4 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 20 miles or busy until top and wings

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 65 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near on airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. East   c. South   d. West
b. Northeast   e. Southwest   f. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A square box with sides and chimney sticking out of it.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Handwritten text: At this point it sped away]

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ______
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document also contains a compass rose diagram and two sketching areas for the observer to fill out details about an observed object or objects.


- page 6 -

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It disappeared over the North mountains.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: It had no sound at all
b. Color: Black and Silver

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
One half of the object would be covered

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with windows, with an arrow indicating direction of movement]


- page 7 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
not sure March 1965

2. Time of day: 10 - 40
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is redacted]
City or Town: California
State or County: 25

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours    Minutes    25 Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
                     d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By looking at a clock

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
              b. In back of you
              c. To your right

              d. To your left
              e. Overhead
              f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 52 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.


- page 8 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[No text entered]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other [blank lines]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Handwritten note on question 13: "Few about 2 Seconds"]


- page 9 -

13 FRIEND COURT
WENHAM, MASSACHUSETTS

SUBJECT: UFO Report - 4 March 1965
DATE: 5 March 1965
FROM: Raymond E. Fowler
        Chairman NICAP Massachusetts Investigating Subcommittee
TO: NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
     Washington, D.C.
     Attention: Richard Wall
     cc: USAF (AFSC-FTD)
          Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory

Attached is a UFO report which has been tentatively identified as a huge fireball. It is sent to you "For information purposes" in the event that other data might be submitted relating it to a genuine UFO.

I am in contact with the "Moonwatch" program at Smithsonian Observatory and hope to receive additional information from them pending their possible receival of other reports regarding this sighting. The observer feels certain that the object was not a reflection on his automobile windshield and although he has seen huge meteors before, he never has witnessed anything as large as the object he witnessed last night.

Please forward a copy of this report from NICAP to Dr. Charles Olivier, NICAP Board member.

Respectfully submitted,
Raymond E. Fowler
NICAP Investigator

REF/ref


- page 10 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Header section is partially illegible]

Date of Observation: 9 Mar 65
Date of Receipt: 11 Mar 65

Location: LARSON AFB, WASH

1. Date/Time of Observation: 9 Mar 65
2. Location: LARSON AFB, WASH
3. Source: [Blacked out]
4. There Heard: [Partially illegible, some words not clear]
5. [Line mostly illegible]
6. [Line mostly illegible]
7. [Line mostly illegible]
8. [Line mostly illegible]
9. [Line mostly illegible]
10. [Line mostly illegible]
11. [Line mostly illegible]
12. [Line mostly illegible]
13. [Line mostly illegible]
14. [Line mostly illegible]
15. [Line mostly illegible]

The bottom of the document contains additional text, but much of it is too blurry or illegible to confidently transcribe.

The document appears to be a UFO sighting report from Larson Air Force Base in Washington, dated 9 March 1965.


- page 11 -

HEADQUARTERS
92D STRATEGIC AEROSPACE WING (SAC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
FAIRCHILD AIR FORCE BASE, WASHINGTON 99011

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DOOI                                                   9 April 1965

SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO:    AFSC(FFTD) Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. In accordance with paragraphs 14 through 16, Section C, AFR 200-2,
the following information is submitted.

2. General required data: (paragraph 14.)
    a. Description of the object:
        (1) Ball of fire trailing a solid light tail.
        (2) 2/3 the size of the sun.
        (3) Brilliant Green-White and then Orange.
        (4) One
        (5) N/A
        (6) N/A
        (7) Tail of light.
        (8) None.
        (9) Looked like a meteor.

    b. Description of course of object:
        (1) Area filled with bright light.
        (2) Approximately 30 degrees above horizon facing West.
        (3) Zero and 000 degrees (North).
        (4) Appeared in NNW and disappeared in the North.
        (5) Instantaneously to the North with a bright flash of light.
        (6) Approximately 15 seconds.


- page 12 -

MEMOS...

DATE: 3/6/65

To whom it may concern:

Quite a "flap" is going on. It must be very interesting and thought-provoking to Bluebook. I note that Washington has put out its usual press release debunking UFOs. I sincerely hope that the day will come soon when the true UFO story will be told. I continue to believe that the agency behind the UFO investigation is making a big mistake although I am in sympathy with the predicament they find themselves in. I really only tell you fellows. It must be very interesting and challenging to be part of Bluebook.

Sincerely,
Ray Fowler


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Most of the text is legible, but some parts are partially obscured or faint. I'll transcribe what I can clearly read:]

[Top of document appears to be a form or questionnaire with various fields]

How did you happen to witness the object? THE BRIGHT LIGHT CAME UP FROM A VALLEY AT NIGHT IN THAT PLACE OVER

[Several lines of text are partially legible or cut off]

Compared to a/or(?) with a/position or jet aircraft at the same approximate altitude. WE WERE ALMOST

[Some lines are difficult to fully transcribe due to image quality]

[Bottom of the document includes text about confidentiality and a signature area with a blacked-out signature]

Note: Due to the image quality and some text being partially obscured, this is not a complete verbatim transcription. Some words and phrases may be missing or inaccurate.


- page 14 -

March 7, 1965 --Sydney, Australia--Newspaper and Radio Station

Switchboards were jammed Sat. night with calls from many persons claiming they saw "flying saucers" over New South Wales. The Civil Aviation Agency and Royal Air Force of Australia said there were no planes in the area where the sightings reportedly occurred. Belfield Observatory Director Gordon Patson said he counted "at least eight" lighted and each "seemed to have a long red incandescent tail about the length of the head of each object." BOSTON: Boston Sunday Globe, Massachusetts.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

(Top Header, partially illegible)
Journal: AFR Bulletin, Mar & Apr, 56

Professor Reports
E-M Phenomena

A University Professor at Victoria, B. C. informs us that on Sunday, March 7 he drove from Vancouver to his home at Victoria, B.C., and caught the 11 p.m. ferry from Tsawwassen to Swartz Bay.

He drove down to Victoria from Swartz Bay as usual when, on the last 100 yards before turning down the lane which leads to his home in the county, all of his auto lights went out, and then came on again. This happened four times in quick succession, during the space of some 20 or 30 yards.

The next day he took his car in for a check of the wiring and the mechanics found nothing. The Professor later learned from his Cello Instructor who also lives in Victoria, that early in the morning hours of March 8th he was awakened by a high-pitched noise sounding over his house at terrific speed. The Instructor did not think it could have been an aircraft.

These might be considered unrelated incidents and possibly they are—but they both indicate the presence of unusual phenomena occurring in one area within hours. And both of the phenomena have been observed in conjunction with UAO phenomena.

as aircraft. But it needs no balloon pilot to spike this ridiculous explanation. Free balloons drift with the wind, and the average blimp flies at less than 100 m.p.h. Even a sudden hurricane—and there was none—would not move a balloon or blimp at the observed speed.

No wonder that disbelief in the official "answers" is steadily growing.

Date on document: 7 March 1965
Location: Victoria, B.C.


- page 16 -

Information Only
Source: UFO Investigator, Vol III, No 2, April-May 65

Napa, California
8,15,18 March 65

Deputy Sheriffs Ridiculed

On three occasions in March, high-speed UFOs were observed near Napa, California. Witnesses were four deputy sheriffs of Napa County—Deputies William Bishop, John Robertson, James Munk and Melvin Boyabose.

The third sighting, March 18, was made by Bishop and Robertson. Deputy Bishop said the object changed from a dim light to a glow almost as bright as the sun, after which the UFO sped off "at fantastic speed."

The other sightings, March 8 and 15, were made by Deputies Munk and Boyabose. Their descriptions matched the other report.

"It was the fastest thing I ever saw," Deputy Boyabose stated. When the story broke in the San Francisco Examiner, a Hamilton AFB spokesman quickly stated, "possibly" and added that the UFO was a Navy observation balloon with letterpower searchlights.

NICAP's director has piloted free balloons and blimps, as well as aircraft. But it needs no balloon pilot to spike this ridiculous explanation. Free balloons drift with the wind, and the average wind speed is less than 100 m.p.h. Even a sudden hurricane wind could not move a balloon or blimp at the observed speeds.

No wonder that disbelief in the official "answers" is steadily growing.


- page 17 -

Air Force Satellite
Launched in California

VANDENBERG AIR FORCE
BASE, Calif., Mar. 11—(UPI)—
The Air Force today launched a
satellite employing a Thor-Able-
Star combination from this Pacific coast rocket test facility.

The missile, which left the pad
shortly after 5:30 a.m. PST (8:30
a.m. EST), left a contrail in progress some miles which was visible
pears due to incomplete combustion, which occurs in all missiles
except the Titan, and the density
of atmosphere.

The one-line Air Force announcement said merely that a
Thor-Able-Star combination was
used.

The Thor-Able project was designed to provide a vehicle capable of propelling a space core recently vehicle over interplanetary ranges at a speed of more than 17,000 miles per
hour.


- page 18 -

March 14, 1965--Everglades, Florida-- Mr. James W. Flynn, 45 of Fort Myers, while camping and training hunting dogs in the Everglades drove his swamp buggy within 400 yards, then walked to within 150 feet of a bright yellow lighted cone shaped object that had landed. The object emitted a loud whirring noise and had four stars of windows visible around the side. Suddenly he was knocked unconscious by a strange force. Then he regained consciousness the UFO was gone(though a black oily looking circle was found on the ground where the UFO had been). The doctor treated him for eye damage after the incident, with left eye bloodshot, eyes(partially blinded) due to the sudden blow. Both eyes were bandaged because of injuries received during the UFO encounter. SOURCE: NICAP "UFO INVESTIGATOR"--March-April, 1965 issue. Washington, D.C.


- page 19 -

2555 East 12th Street
Brooklyn 5, New York
May 19, 1965

Office of Public Information
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D. C.

Gentlemen:

On December 19, 1964, at 3:30 A. M., three Control Tower Operators on duty in the tower at the Naval Air Test Center, Patuxent, Maryland, observed on radar 2 unidentified objects maneuvering at a speed in excess of 7000 miles per hour. At one point, one of the objects performed a violent turn. The radar targets appeared elliptical in shape, were very large, and the three observers were positive the UFOs were real solid objects. What is the Air Force conclusion for this report?

On December 21, 1964, at about 5 P. M., a man by the name of Horace Burns reported observing the landing of a UFO while driving on Route 250 near Staunton, Virginia. As the object crossed the road ahead of his car, the engine "coked out". The UFO was shaped like a very large inverted top, dark, aluminum in appearance, with a blue fluorescent band around the base. After a minute the UFO rose up with a sound like rushing air, and swiftly disappeared. A Geiger Counter showed the landing site to be highly radioactive. What is the Air Force conclusion for this report?

On March 14, 1965, between 1-2 A.M., a man by the name of James Flynn reported observing a UFO in the Florida Everglades. The UFO was shaped like a large, inverted cone, with windows visible around the side. The object emitted a whirring noise and was brightly illuminated. As the witness approached the object, he felt a "sledgehammer" blow and was knocked unconscious. He had to be hospitalized with eye damage. What is the Air Force conclusion for this report?

Thank you very much for your cooperation in informing of the conclusions of the above reports.

Sincerely,
Herbert S. Taylor


- page 20 -

H. Taylor
2555 E. 12th St.
Brooklyn 35, N. Y.

Office of Public Information
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D. C.


- page 21 -

HQ C 659, Information Only
14 Dec 1965

Mrs Hunt/SAFCICC/T282/11 Jun 65

Dear Mr. Taylor:

This is in reply to your letter requesting information on unidentified flying objects.

The Air Force evaluation of the 19 December 1964 Patuxent, Maryland, UFO incident is attached for your information.

Regarding the 21 December 1964 sighting by Meroz Berns at Stonington, Virginia, the Air Force investigation of this sighting revealed that no radioactivity was in the area. There was no evidence to indicate that such an event actually occurred.

We have no record of a UFO report by James Flynn on 14 March 1965. It is possible that the incident was investigated and evaluated locally.

Sincerely,

1 Atch
Patuxent Evaluation

Mr. Herbert S. Taylor
2355 E. 12th Street
Brooklyn 35, New York


- page 22 -

c. Manner of observation:
(1) Ground-visual.
(2) None.
(3) N/A.

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) 0/5/52.
(2) Night.

e. First observer - 47-38N-117-36W. Second observer - 47-37N-117-37W.

f. Identifying information on observers:
(1) First observer- McKanna, William A., Major, 92HSC, 92SAW, Senior Controller Command Post, Highly competent.

(2) Second observer- Fischer, Stephen A., SSgt., 92HSC, 92SAM, NCOIC Intelligence Division, High degree of reliability.

g. Weather and winds:
(1) Cloudy to the North.
(2) Winds: Surface -020/4, 5N-070/10, 10N-220/11, 15N-220/20, 20W-210/30, 30W-210/27, and 50N-210/14.
(3) Ceiling- None.
(4) Visibility- 30 NM.
(5) High thin broken - 6/10.
(6) None.
(7) Standard.

h. None.
i. None.
j. One KC-135 over Larson AFB, Washington.

2


- page 23 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO:
ATTN OF: TDEM
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information, Herbert S Taylor

TO: Hq USAF SAFI-CG (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

1. Reference the attached letter from Herbert S Taylor requesting
information on unidentified flying objects. The following is provided to assist in making a reply to him.

2. The 19 Dec 64, Patuxent, Md sighting can be best answered by
the Air Force release on this particular sighting.

3. Regarding the 21 Dec 64 sighting by Horace Burns at Staunton,
Virginia - The Air Force investigation of this sighting revealed
that no radioactivity was in the area. There was no evidence to
indicate that such an event actually occurred.

4. The alleged observation of James Flynn on 14 Mar 65 was not
reported to the Air Force.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
a/s

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

HQ USAF (Information Only)
Source: UFO Bulletin, Mar & Apr 65

16 Jardine
*Verdham, Canada

Westboro, Canada-
On or about 10 March 1965 an orb of jet which appeared to have multi-colored lights and a blue exhaust was reported by Ernest Dick of Westboro and others on the Eastern Seaboard. Pilots over Maine (USA) also reported similar object.....


- page 25 -

MAN INJURED IN UAO ENCOUNTER

James Flynn, 45, a rancher of East Fort Myers, Florida, walked into the office of Ophthalmologist Dr. Paul Brown in Fort Myers on Wednesday, 17 March 1965 and asked to be treated. The area around his eyes was red and puffy and he was nearly blind. His right eye looked like a bloody marble. After hearing his story, Dr. Brown notified Mrs. Flynn Memorial Hospital where her husband was taken for five days.

The story told by Flynn is fantastic, but so are his wounds. The following is reconstructed from conversation and correspondence with Dr. Harvey Stripe, Flynn's personal physician, and Flynn himself.

On Friday, the 12th, Flynn took his swampy buggy, camping gear and four dogs and set out for the Everglades about 18 miles east of the Big Cypress Indian Reservation. On Sunday night the dogs jumped a deer and ran off. Flynn whistled and called until about midnight, then started his swamp buggy and headed in the direction in which he last saw them running.

An hour later, at about 1 a.m. (Monday), Flynn spotted a huge light in the sky above the cypress about a mile away. It moved from east to west and back to its original position four times. The object then settled to the ground and appeared to hover about 4 ft. altitude. Flynn drove closer, got out his binoculars, turned out the light on his swamp buggy and watched it with the glasses.

It was an unusual object of between 30 and 32 feet tall and twice as big across the bottom (in diameter) if it was high. Eight feet from the top was a row of windows, below which there were three more rows of windows. Around three of these windows was a black strip of perhaps 2 inches wide.

From the bottom of the lowest row of windows to the bottom of the ship, was a distance of about 12 feet. Flynn judged the size by comparing the object with the surrounding cypress trees, which were about 25 feet tall. It was cone-shaped except that the top was not peaked but rounded.

(See "Man Injured", page 3)


- page 26 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

MAY-JUNE, 1965                     THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN                     PAGE 3

Man Injured . . .
(Continued from page 1)

The whole object appeared to be metal-
lic and comprised of pieces of material
four feet by four feet and held together
with rivets. The windows gave off a
dull yellow light, and the area under the
object was lighted by an orange-tinted
glow. He watched the object for 30-40
minutes.

Flynn was by this time about ¾ mile
from the object and decided to investigate further, so he cranked up his buggy
and approached it. He got within a few
yards of the edge of the light and stopped, switching off his buggy lamp again.
The dog he had on the buggy in a cage
was to upset it had begun trying to tear
out of its cage.

Flynn walked to the edge of the lighted
area, raised his arm and waved. He got
no response, and after waiting an estimated one-half minute, he walked about
six feet into the lighted area, raised his
arm and waved again.

Suddenly a "short beam" of light
erupted from just under the bottom of
window and struck Flynn on the forehead, knocking him unconscious.

He awoke in the early hours of Tuesday at 1 a.m. in a hospital, although he did not know at the time
that he had be unconscious for such a
long period. He was lying on the ground
behind his buggy, and the dog on the
buggy had nearly torn his cage apart.

Flynn looked around the area found a
perfectly symmetrical circle of burned
ground over where the object had
hovered. Several cypress on the opposite
side of the circle were burned at the
tops. He also found marks in the vicinity of his buggy indicating that he had
been unconscious around before he regained consciousness, as he had no recollection of crawling.

Weak from his long period without
food, Flynn drove his buggy back to his
camp site about 2 miles away, cooked
bacon and eggs and ate them. He then
drove to the home of a Seminole Indian
friend, Henry Billy on the Reservation.
The going was slow as he had only partial blurred sight in his left eye and was
blind in his right eye.

Billy offered to accompany him back
to Fort Myers, but with partial sight
Flynn felt he could make the trip alone
and arrived there at four p.m. Wednesday. He went to Brown's office and it
was there that he learned that he must
have been unconscious for 24 hours instead of just a few minutes or hours, for
he had lost a whole day.

DISCUSSION:

The first consideration in this case is,

of course, the integrity of our witness,
and James Flynn's reputation is good. He
does not drink nor smoke. He is a rancher
who enjoys hunting in the wilds of Florida's Everglades. This trip was not his
first. He had not, prior to his experience, been interested in "flying saucers."
A hunter, he is also an excellent observer and he is not a fearful or tremulous
man.

APRO Bulletin dated 15 April 1965 by
opinion of Flynn and we submit the following text of his letter to us dated 28
April 1965:

"I have known Mr. Flynn for 25 years
and have always considered him a reliable, emotionally stable individual.

"I also accompanied him to the site of
his observation of the flying object. I
have made a few pictures of the burned
area, which is not conclusive of anything
but a fresh burn and scorched tree tops
in a perfect circle are near the area
marked by Mr. Flynn as site of the hovering object. There were also fresh scuff
marks on two trees 12 to 15 fee apart
in the area underneath the burned circle
of trees. The marks were as if a heavy
object in a straight line had slid down
the trees about 2 feet and there stopped.
There was no mark of any kind on the
soft dried marsh underneath. No animal,
human or vehicle tracks of any kind. I
could not account for those scuff marks."
Very Truly Yours, (Signed) H. J. Stipe,
M. D.

Dr. Stipe's medical report reads as
follows:

"I was asked to see Mr. Flynn about
48 hours after he was admitted to Lee
Memorial Hospital by an ophthalmologist,
for an injury to his right eye. The eye
condition was hemorrhaging into the anterior chamber of the eye, apparently traumatic.

"Mr. Flynn gave a history of being hit
by something like a flash of light while
approaching an unidentified flying object
hovering just above the ground.

"I am sure you are acquainted with the
account of his observation of his Unidentified flying object. When I first examined
Mr. Flynn, he had both eyes covered by
bandages and I was not able to observe
his eyes or forehead. He was alert and
cooperative. The physical examination
showed a well muscled, well-nourished
male. The heart and lungs were normal.
The abdomen was normal. The only abnormal findings were neurological. No
paralysis was noted, but the deep tendon
reflexes of biceps, triceps, patella and
achilles were absent. Plantars and abdominal reflexes were absent, but cremasteric
were present.

"Mr. Flynn was observed carefully for
several weeks. His reflexes gradually

returned over a 5 day to 1 week period,
but returned irregularly. The forehead
was finally examined and presented a
thickened area just above and medial to
the right eye; in center of this area was
a depressed, slightly abraded spot about
1 centimeter in diameter. Very small
amount of haemotoma was noted across
right upper eye lid. There was never
any mental confusion or evidence of
shock.

"About the fourth day in the hospital,
Mr. Flynn complained of hearing reduction and numbness in arms and hands.
This cleared in about 24 hours.

"When last seen about 16 April 1965,
approximately 4 weeks after the injury,
Mr. Flynn was again checked. The abdominal reflexes were not present, but
all others were normal. The depressed
area over the right eye was still present
and prominent. He still has a cloudy
vision of the right eye. No other abnormal physical or neurological findings
were noted." Unquote.

After speaking with Dr. Stipe, Mrs.
Lorenzen consulted her personal physician, Dr. Rose Chapin of Tucson, for an
explanation of the various medical terms.
The biegs and triceps are arm muscles,
of course, the patellae in the knees and
the achilles the back of the foot in the
area of the heel. The plantars are the
sole of the foot, the abdominals in the
abdominal area, and the cremasteries
are on the inside of the thigh. Stipe
refers not to the muscles in these areas,
however, but the tendons.

Stipe had said that this lack of reflexes
indicated to him that Flynn had had a
real rather than a psychic experience.
The injury to Flynn's forehead is not an
ordinary one. The bleeding in the right
eye is not ordinary either.

The burn marks were in the form of a
circle with the blow to his forehead.
The forehead injury si above the eye
most affected by the blow.

The huge burned area, the scorched
tops of 25-foot Cypress trees, the scrape
marks 4 feet off the ground, all testify
to Flynn's account. But the most important of all these facts are the lack of
deep tendon reflexes.

Dr. Chapin said that this condition
could be caused by emotional shock.
Stipe also indicated this in a telephone
conversation, although he would not put
himself on record as to the matter of
the huge space ship.

Flynn gives an uncommonly detailed
description of the object, but inquiries
about the man indicate that he is a good
observer, and also, he observed the object from a distance of a quarter of a mile,
while it was lit up, with binoculars.
(See "Man Injured", page 4)


- page 27 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

PAGE 4

Man Injured . . .
(Continued from page 3)

well as at close range. This general type of slip has been seen before.

We must ask if it is possible that Flynn could have inflicted those injuries on himself. This is highly doubtful. It is also unlikely that he would go to such length in order to promote a space ship story. He could not fake the eye or forehead injuries, and it would be impossible to fake the lack of deep tendon reflexes.

The injury to his eye and forehead are so unusual in appearance as to defy conventional explanation. So—we are left with the only logical solution: that Flynn did indeed encounter a strange ship in the night and was injured by it.

Assuming the above, we are faced with the inevitable question: Why was he injured? We might immediately conclude that the UAOs are hostile or unfriendly and this might be so. However, there is also a possibility that that ship could have been dangerous to Flynn had he got too close, and the occupants took a rather painful way to protect him from his own curiosity. Whether we accept the first hypothesis of intent or the second makes no difference in the interpretation of the evidence, however.

There is a tendency among researchers to discount if possible, all landings and/or evidence of contacts (not to be construed to mean the type of "contact" in which benevolent beings and communication are claimed), and especially those which indicate the presence of occupants not exactly friendly to earth beings.

With hundreds of units of space flotation and jetcraft circling the earth in addition to functioning satellites, and high speed aircraft, it is nearly impossible to bolster an ordinary UAO-in the air case these days, and project it from the onslaught of scientific inquiry and explanation. At least two witnesses are involved in this particular incident. It is hardly sensible to assume that these things are interplanetary, come across millions of miles of space only to fly around in our atmosphere, out of reach, and then fly back to their point of origin again. It does seem sensible, however, in view of their obvious interest in this planet, that they will land.

Granted, the idea of interplanetary travelers is not an accepted concept generally, but we must not ignore our chances to learn a great deal more about the interlopers by studying their landings. Perhaps they are not acceptable to the general public—but they will be some day. In the interest of scientific inquiry it is our duty to investigate all evidence—now—whether it is palatable or not.


- page 28 -

UAO Photographed Clearly
In Australia

An object described as a bright orange glow with a "dent" on top and a "hoop" on the bottom, has been photographed at sea by a ship's steward who is also an amateur photographer.

Mr. Walter Jacobs, steward on the freighter Iron Duke, said he saw the object some 200 miles on March 17, 1965, when he began to photograph a moon cloud effect while at sea on the way to Newcastle.

Astronomical experts in Adelaide have been unable to positively identify the object. Professor J. H. Carver, Professor of Physics at Adelaide University and president of the Astronomical Society of South Australia, said on 4 April that the detailed behavior of the object was consistent with that of an aircraft equipped with a very strong spotlight.

An RAAF spokesman said that to his knowledge there had been no planes using powerful spotlights in the area at that time. Another expert said he thought the object could only have been a satellite orbiting the earth and illuminated by the moon.

There was no information in the Melbourne Herald article concerning the exact geographical location of the freighter. Neither did the article state whether the movies were black and white or in color or still or moving pictures although the articles seem to indicate the photos are color motion films.


- page 29 -

Here is the text from the document:

HQ USAF (INT Information Only)                                                   18 March 1965
Directorate of Intelligence                                                      Yokohama, Japan

MISC BRIEFS: On March 18th, two Japanese civilian pilots reported that their planes were chased by a mysterious flying object. Emergency reports were made immediately to the Air Safety Office at Takematsu. A spokesman for that office said that the planes involved were a Convair 240 airliner, with 28 passengers aboard, and a private Piper Apache plane. A Japanese newspaper quoted the pilot of the airliner as saying that an object 15 yards in diameter and radiating a greenish luminescence approached his plane at about 20 miles per hour. Film alongside has these markings, and then disappeared from view. The other pilot noted violent interference with his automatic direction finder and his radio while the UFO was alongside. A distinguished group of scientists, including three Nobel Prize winners, recently suggested that this country begin immediately an ambitious program aimed at determining within the next few years whether there is life on Mars. The group wants to take advantage of the close approaches of Mars that will occur, roughly at two-year intervals, from 1969 to 1973...On the night of March 31st, a brilliant UFO, smelling of sulphur fumes, lit up the skies and landscapes across the provinces of British Columbia and Alberta in Canada, as well as in part of the northwestern United States. At Chase, B.C., hysterical women asking if the country was at war, telephoned police following a brilliant flash and loud explosion. Two fires, one in a nearby lumberyard, flared after the object flashed at hundreds of miles per hour, and disappeared. In various other towns the ground shook, windows were broken, and a roar like thunder was heard. The pilots of two commercial aircraft reported these cockpits were lit up by the object. No explanation for the phenomenon could be found....


- page 30 -

Information Only
Source: Ltr from Fawcett

18 March 1965
Between Hiroshima and Osaka, Japan

On March 12 between Hiroshima and Osaka, Japan two shiney white round objects diving off a greenish colored light chased two Japanese airliners for over 55 miles. These UFOs duplicated the flights of the airliners and radios. These incidents are viewed a "serious" by international group of scientists sent to probe these incidents. The planes involved were a Convair 240 of Tea Airlines and a small Paper Convair 140, according to the Pacific Stars and Stripes, famed newspaper of the armed forces in the Far East, which published the sightings.


- page 31 -

Taketatsu, Japan
19 March 1965

March 19, 1965--Takamatsu, Japan--Two Japanese Civilian Pilots reported their planes were buzzed by a UFO an Air Safety Officer in Southwestern Japan said Sunday. A Convair 240 Airliner and a private Piper Apache Plane said the object, 45 feet in diameter and radiating a greenish luminescence approached their planes at about 90 miles per hour, wheeled abruptly and flew alongside them for three minutes before leaving them behind. SOURCE: REUTERS NEWS TRUE and Tokyo Mainichi Shimbun, Japan & Philadelphia Inquirer, Pennsylvania.


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

To C.O.: (Information Only)
Source: Saucer News

16 March 1965
Belmont, California

On March 20th, two astronomers in Belmont, California, spotted two UFOs while observing the planet Mercury through telescopes shortly after sunset. Both saw a flashing object, appeared behind the constellation Pleiades. Then a second object appeared behind Orion, halted, and then both UFOs moved off with incredible speed, south-bound.


- page 33 -

k. Chief, Estimates Branch of Intelligence Division.

(1) Based on information obtained from reported sightings and a thorough check of other government agencies which include Spokane Approach Control, Seattle AID Sector, local towers, and adjacent SAC Command Post, the suspected cause of this sighting was a meteor entering the Earth's atmosphere and impacting somewhere in Canada.

RICHARD D. GEORGE
Major, USAF
Act. Chief, Intelligence Division

3


- page 34 -

March 30, 1965--Los Angeles, California--at 8:30 to 8:35 p.m.

Andrew Ruiz saw two white round objects maneuvering in a curved path close together at a high altitude at about an 80 degree angle from the eastern horizon. The strange flying objects had a high reflecting surface and were smaller as they diminished from his view in the distance. Visibility and weather conditions were perfect. SOURCE: Los Angeles Times, California.


- page 35 -

TDEM/UFO/Quintanilla/69216
UFO Sighting, Brooksville, Florida, 2 Mar, 65                                8 April 65

15th Tactical Fighter Wing
Attn: Edward R. Goetz, 1st Lt., USAF
McDill Air Force Base, Florida

1. Reference the attached letter from requesting
return of papers allegedly picked up in association with the UFO
Sighting on 2 Mar 65 near Brookville, Florida. It is requested
these papers be returned to Maj                    personally, and that a
signed receipt be obtained from him. An AF Form 310 and one copy
each of the photos taken of these lens/stencil-like tissue papers
indicating portion removed and consumed in analysis is attached
for this purpose.

2. It is requested that one copy of the AF Form 310 and one copy
of the photos of these papers be given to Mr                 to be
the AF Form 310 should be retained by your office for records
purpose, and the remainder forwarded to:
        (TEM)
        ATTN: Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
        Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45133

3. A copy of the Air Force statement regarding the Brooksville,
Florida, UFO sighting on 2 Mar 65 and one copy of photos of
the papers requested by Mr                 are attached for your records.

4. Mailing address is:
        Brooksville, Florida

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

5 Atchs
1. Itr postmarked 1 Apr 65
    from
2. Papers requested in Ltr
3. Photos of papers (2 cys ea)
4. AF Statement on UFO Sighting
5. AF Form 310


- page 36 -

HEADQUARTERS
836TH AIR DIVISION (TAC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
MACDILL AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 15DOI/Capt Hendrickson/2490                                   13 April 1965

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Brooksville, Florida, 2 Mar, 65

TO:   FTD (TDSM)
       ATTN: Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
       Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1.    Reference your letter dated 8 April 1965, subject as above, requesting that certain papers be returned to Mr. [redacted]. Lt. Edward R. Goettel, USAF has been transferred PCS to Europe, therefore, the undersigned has completed the requested action.

2.    Mr. [redacted] visited by myself and Captain Francis E. Mandeville, USAF, at 10:00 AM this morning. One copy each of the photos you sent, plus the original lens/stencil like tissue papers (two pieces) were given to Mr. [redacted] Brooksville, Florida, in his presence, after which he was given the AF Form 310 in our presence, after which he was given the last copy.

3.    Enclosed are the signed AF Form 310's (original plus three carbons). I have retained the other set of photos, one carbon copy of the AF Form 310 for our records. If you may be of further assistance, please do not hesitate to call upon us.

RICHARD C. HENDRICKSON
Captain, USAF
Intelligence Officer (15DOI)

1 Atch
AF Form 310 (4)


- page 37 -

The text on the page reads:

Sample
to
Tissot

There is a diagonal line drawn across the bottom right portion of the page.


- page 38 -

Brooksville, Florida
March 31, 1965

Project Blue Book, ATIC
Wright Patterson Field
Dayton, Ohio
Attention: Major Quintanella, C.O.

Gentlemen:

I wish to express my appreciation for the courtesies extended by the Air Force personnel from McDill Air Force Base, Tampa, Florida, who investigated the UFO sighting by me near Brooksville, Florida.

The two pieces of material on which there were writings of some description, picked up by me at the scene that were turned over to the gentlemen from McDill Air Force Base, I understand are to be forwarded to you for investigation. Please return these two pieces of material, certified mail, to me at Brooksville, Florida.

Your cooperation in this matter will be appreciated.

Yours very truly

Witness:
Witness:

[Notary Public stamp indicates commission expires Nov. 21, 1965]


- page 39 -

Brooksville, Florida

Project Blue Book ATIC
Wright Patterson Field
Dayton, Ohio

Attention: Major Quintenella, C.O.

[Postmark shows: BROOKSVILLE FLA APR 14 1965]

[Handwritten note: "E 14"]


- page 40 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

FROM: (Activity, headquarters document)
Doctor Quintanilla, Jr.
ATIC

TO: [Redacted]

DATE DISPATCHED: 13, Florida

DESCRIPTION OF DOCUMENT: (Indicate type (letter, memorandum, etc.) and the number of copies, subject, other info to identify document, enclosures, and any other identifying data. Changes in the description should be initialed.)

The (4) pies or "neg/stat well-lit" 8x10 paper; 1 lone sp. probably 15% 6",
and 1 photo approx. 8x10". One copy sent of photographs at base.
[Remainder of text is partially illegible]

RENDER WILL INDICATE IF RECEIPT IS REQUIRED: [X] YES, refile with FIRST DATA COPY
RECEIVING OFFICE: [Date received: 16 Apr 65]


- page 41 -

UFO INVESTIGATOR

EVIDENCE CONTRADICTS HOAX CLAIM

Re-checking by NICAP investigators casts strong doubt out on the claim that a Glassboro, N.J. youth "hoaxed" the reported UFO which landing in a nearby woods, last September. The UFO was fused for "issuing a false alarm."

In September, NICAP, the Air Force and police found a large tree uprooted, also accorded ground and holes such as tripod landing-gear could have made. The self-styled "hoaxster's" claim (we other youth (never identified) helped him, but a tree expert says the tree was uprooted by a machine, not a UFO landing).

The "hoax confession" contains several other discrepancies. Our local investigators believe the boy made up the hoax report after the first news accounts in the hope of cashing in - he has admitted the hopped to sell his story to a newspaper. Any new developments will be reported in a later issue.

REEVES STORY

The report of NICAP's investigation into an alleged "robot future" contact by John F. Reeves, Brooksville, Fla., was crowded out in the last issue by more important items.

Through prompt action, NICAP's Sun Coast (Tampa) Subcommittee interviewed Reeves before AF investigators. After checking various angles, the Subcommittee was instrumental in obtaining a lie-detector test which indicated Reeves' story was not true. Two weeks later, the AF publicly announced the same conclusion.

The case received wide publicity, but for those unacquainted with it here are the basic points: According to Reeves, a robot-like "labor emerged from a round machine he encountered while walking in a woods. Reeves claimed the robot was about 4 ft. tall, then dropped two pieces of paper with cryptic messages here before taking off. NICAP was unable to obtain a paper sample, but the AF states the messages were on rice paper, in a simple code.

It is unfortunate that Reeves' story had wide publicity at a time when verified, documented UFO reports by competent, reliable witnesses were being suppressed or publicly debunked by AF spokesmen.

There are always frauds, publicity hounds and debunkers, but take advantage of any new development or discovery. NICAP deliberately plays up the hoaxers and frauds, implying that most UFO observers are in the same class. Eventually, this shabby treatment of honest and competent citizens will backfire. Meantime, it is important for NICAP members to help knock down wild, unfounded tales, stressing the hundreds of documented reports by highly responsible observers.

[At bottom of page, there is a postal permit stamp for Non Profit Organization, U.S. Postage PAID in Washington, D.C.]


- page 42 -

The text on this page appears to be in a non-Latin script, possibly Japanese or Korean. However, the text is very faint and difficult to read clearly. Most of the characters are blurry and illegible. There is a number "17-63" visible in the top right corner of the page. The document appears to be a scanned black and white page with text written vertically.


- page 43 -

The text on this page appears to be in a shorthand or coded script that is not easily readable. The characters are handwritten and appear to be a mix of symbols and characters that do not form standard English or another recognizable language. The text is written vertically and diagonally across the page. Due to the nature of the script, I cannot confidently transcribe the specific text. The document looks like it is part of a vintage document, with black borders and a slightly aged white background.


- page 44 -

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION
UNCLASSIFIED

TYPE MSG
BOOK MULTI SINGLE
X

PRECEDENCE
ACTION
INFO

PRIORITY

FROM: FTD, W - P AFB, OHIO

TO: 92D SAC, FAIRCHILD AFB, WASHINGTON

UNCLAS/TECH(UFO) CITE 13587 APR 65.

FOR DCOI, MAJ GEORGE. REFERENCE YOUR UFO REPORT 9 APR 65. REQUEST
CORRECT TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING. POSSIBLE ASSOCIATE WITH SATELLITE
DECAY. REQUEST EFFORT BE MADE TO CONTACT CREW OF KC-135 OVER
LARSON AFB.

TYPED NAME AND TITLE
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR.
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

SIGNATURE
69216

TYPED NAME AND TITLE
ERIC T de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Chief, Technology and Subsystems

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION
UNCLASSIFIED

DD FORM 173 REPLACES EDITION OF 1 MAY 56 WHICH MAY BE USED.


- page 45 -

HEADQUARTERS
92D STRATEGIC AEROSPACE WING (SAC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
FAIRCHILD AFB, WASHINGTON 99011

SUBJECT: UFO Report

To: AFSC (PTD)
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio

Reference your unclassified message TDEV (UFO), cite 13587, Apr 65.
Date time group of sighting was 31 March 1965, 2145P (local). Attached
is report from KC-135 crew over Larson AFB, Wash, as requested.

RICHARD D. GEORGE
MAJOR, USAF
Act Chief, Intel Division

1 Atch
Report, Unclas/43ARSC 07917.
27 April 65


- page 46 -

Here is the text from the document:

28 APR 65 1815

EEEOIIIIZCTMAGEY

RR RUWHGP 3941
IE RUWHKK 60A 28/1720Z
ZMR
R Z81710Z
PM 462SAW LARSON AFB WASH
TO 962SAW FAIRCHILD AFB WASH
ET

INCLAS/43ARSC W7917, 27 APR 65. FOR 962SAW (DCOI). DELIVER DURING DUTY HOURS. REF 962SAW MSG, DCOI 05026, 22 APR 65, CONCERNING REPORT SUBMITTED ABOUT THE SIGHTING OF OBJECT ON NIGHT OF 31 MAR 65.

THE CREW MENTIONED IS CREW T-42 COMMANDED BY CAPTAIN EDWARD M. BROWNFIELD, A03057652. CAPTAIN BROWNFIELD HAS BEEN QUESTIONED ON THE INCIDENT AND REPORTS THE FOLLOWING: ON 31 MAR 65, AFTER DESCENDING FROM FLIGHT LEVEL 310 TO 200 IN RANDY 31 JUST PRIOR TO ENTERING THE LARSON AFB, WASH, VOR HOLDING PATTERN, THE TWO PILOTS OF CREW T-42 MADE THE FOLLOWING OBSERVATIONS UNDER THESE SPECIFIED CONDI-TIONS. THE CO-PILOT WAS FLYING THE AIRCRAFT UNDER THE HOOD; VISI-


- page 47 -

PAGE 2 RUNHWK 90A UNCLAS
BILITY WAS APPROXIMATELY 1 TO 3 MILES IN OBSCURED OR HAZE WEATHER
CONDITIONS AT APPROXIMATELY 2145 LOCAL TIME. THERE WAS NO ACTUAL
SIGHTING OF ANY OBJECT OR OBJECTS BUT WE DID NOTICE THE SURROUNDING
OUTSIDE AREA LIGHT UP. THE CO-PILOT THOUGHT THAT THE PILOT HAD
TURNED ON THE LANDING LIGHTS, WHICH WAS NOT SO, AND THAT THE LIGHTS
WERE REFLECTIONS ON THE HAZE WEATHER CONDITIONS. TO THE PILOT, WHO
WAS NOT UNDER THE HOOD, IT SEEMED SIMILAR IN APPEARANCE, WITHOUT ANY
DIRECT BEAM, BUT AS IF THE ENTIRE AIRCRAFT WAS IN A LIGHT BEAM. THE
ILLUMINATION WAS NOT BRILLIANT ENOUGH TO CAUSE BLINDNESS AND LASTED AT
THE MOST FOR 15 SECONDS. THIS WAS THE TOTAL SUM OF OUR OBSERVATIONS
AND THE REST OF THE FLIGHT WAS NORMAL.
BT


- page 48 -

Here is the text from the document:

92 Strat. Aerospace Wg (DCSL)
Fairchild AFB, Wash 99011

OFFICIAL BUSINESS

AFSC (TTO)
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio
45433

POSTAGE AND FEES PAID
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE

[A US Mail logo/emblem is also present on the document]


- page 49 -

