Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE-TIME GROUP
10 December 65, 11/0300

2. LOCATION
Pleasant Hill, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Minutes, Still 'here

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
Yes

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (Jupiter)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object observed in clear night. No moon. Mr. Gray may state object brighter than the stars. Yardstick in hand, he can see from redtichrange to white. No definite shape. Bright yellow-white color. Estimated elevation and azimuth (Mag) Sigs were fuzzy and not sharply defined. Visible constantly. Size estimated at 10 ft. at 1/2 mile during motion. No exhaust or contrails. Also checked with BK. Miller sighted same at 7 Jan. Witness called police who confirmed. No additional information. Presence of light. Observation through LK. Also believed to be natural LK conditions such as an inversion. Observation through Jupiter and Satellites.

FTD SEA 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
    10 January 1965

2. Time of day:
    8:35 PM

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) Eastern
    a. Central
    b. Mountain
    c. Pacific
    d. Other

4. Where were you engaged in the object? (Location)
    Rural area north of Tolago, Ohio
    Pleasant Hill, Ohio

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    40 minutes

    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
    Estimated/Approximated

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
    Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    NIGHT - no moon, clear, 20-22°F
    a. Day
    b. Bright
    c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located and you looked at the object?
    (Circle One) a. in front of you
    b. in back of you
    c. to your right

    d. to your left
    e. overhead
    f. Don't remember


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw this object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Translucent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Used to Flashlight & Bright-orange to white.

12. The edge of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Other: will define shape or
color or motion

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly leave or speed up such as any time?
c. Blink up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Float or flicker?
h. Disappear out of equipment?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Varied to Intensity.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   NO   Sound
b. Color   Reddish-orange   increased   color   to   white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
No Sharp angles noticed   estimated   distance above ground varied from 50' to 5 mile (25000 ft)   estimated 20 + feet diameter

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as wing, protrusions, etc., and especially without total or vector trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
NO definite   or trails   seen
NO definite   shape   estimated   20' Diameter


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? faster than 50 miles/hr. about 20 miles/hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)   Crown the road

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other with child beside lake

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)   a. South   b. West
b. North   c. East   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   g. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw?
? (house)


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "O" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

[Handwritten text partially obscured]

28. Draw a picture that will show the area that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Handwritten text:
[Partially obscured first line]
only saw one object, however his wife said
There were three.
His wife also saw a similar object on Thursday
7 Jan 65. (not reported previously)

Page 3 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Write: See Similar Object on Tuesday June 6 at night.
No additional Details.

31. Was anyone else with you at this time you saw the object? (Circle One) (Yes)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) (Yes) No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: wife - same address
Subject called local police + they contacted Peter tower
of Countryside. Peter confirm saw same object at high
angle position. Within 10 yrs. also observed this strange
2 ton to foot tall. Tower operator 370 yards place.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Ohio
TELEPHONE NUM [redacted] AGE 21 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Machinist pro special experience possible

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Ohio Hcines Police [redacted] about 238 10 hrs 55


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

24. Date you completed this questionnaire:    10    January    1965
                                               Day    Month    Year

25. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the
questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Questionnaire Completed by Capt. A.W. Hauschk 4058 ATIC/MCAIR
Peter Booth, Dayton, Akron, Akron, WPAFB, Ohio.

1. Call from Highway Patrol who had been called by [redacted] at phone 271-6444
who had been called by [redacted] at about 2310.
Patrolman had called Dayton tower at Vandalia airport where
They had observed reddish-orange glow in sky - then called Wright.

2. I called Dayton tower and talked to Mr. Robert Hall 376-4423
who also saw airport with eye glasses on at night - no
movement, reddish-orange glow in sky - thought to be
an aircraft. At 2320 the object was high in the sky
in west northwest direction. Traveling slowly and
appeared to be stationary. Identified as being in Pleasant Hill, Ohio.

3. I then called [redacted] who gave the original sighting and
confirmation by wife. He said object reddish-orange and would
go white and fade in and (dim + bright) and move around.
Trans 50 feet to one hill mile in height. Size undetermined,
distance unknown (down the road). Stated last night though
she saw face of object. 1965, which had seen similar
occurrence on Tuesday, 1/5 at 6:57, 27 nightly.
Conditions: dry, temperature 20-22°F no moon, clear
with considerable stars out.

Completed phone calls + report at 2015 about
1 hour and 10 minutes after reported activity began.

Date officer: Conf. John W. Howells 1DCES
                                    WPAFB, Ohio


- page 8 -

