There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing textual information about a UFO sighting.

2 AUG 65 03/06002
LOCATION 
Waikiki Beach, Hawaii
10. CONCLUSION
MISINTERPRETATION OF CONVENTIONAL OBJECTS
11. SKIP SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Lights moving at high altitudes and on various headings. The lights appeared to change colors from red to blue.
COURSE
Varied
PHOTOS
None

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PACIFIC AIR FORCES (PAC AF) COMMAND 
1965 
APO 953 San Francisco, California 96553

SUBJECT: U.F.O.'s in Hawaii - 2 August to 5 August 1965

TO: AFSC (FTD) 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, Ohio

1. Following is a summary of UFO activity in the Hawaiian Islands (HIFP) during the period 2 August to 5 August 1965:

a. On 3 August 1965, 0800Z (2/2000 local) a family living in Waikiki Beach reported bright lights moving across the sky at high altitudes and on various headings. The lights appeared to change colors from red to blue. During the telephonic conversation with the family, I was able to obtain the following additional information:

(1) The lights were very bright and illuminated the Waikiki area.
(2) I saw nothing except some bright stars. Since no one else reported the lights, they reportedly were flying over a heavily populated area, I consider the report to be unidentified.

b. On 4 August, 0644Z (3/2044 local) numerous sightings were made 55 miles southwest of Oahu. The sightings differed on the colors but all described it as bright lights which fell from the sky to the ocean. One object was said to have descended at a rapid 180 degrees per second. Honolulu VORTAC said it was bright enough to illuminate the clouds as it fell to earth. Both pilots and naval observers believed that it burned out before hitting the water. The pilots said it finally broke into three pieces before it burned out. It could not have been an aircraft from U.S. space operations, and it is unlikely that it was Reentry from U.S. satellites. Analytically, there is a possibility that it was an unidentified natural phenomenon.

- page 2 -

The image contains a document page from Project Blue Book, an Air Force investigation of UFO sightings. There is no photograph present on this page. The text of the document is as follows:

TAC G-13 On 4 August at 12302 (approximately) the crew of a T-33 jet saw a bright light altitude, high speed UFO pass directly overhead on a heading of 060 degrees. The object was 12-15 degrees of arc in apparent size and was a bright light. (1) Can station November sighted the same object and reported that it lit up the whole sky as it passed overhead. (2) Investigation revealed that it was probably an Atlas missile fired from Vandenberg AFB. The bright light over ocean station November was probably the light from a flash which followed the launching of the Atlas missile. This was much brighter and larger in apparent size than the sighting reported by the aircraft. However, the aircraft saw not only the light but also some of the missile flight time. Therefore, I believe the sighting and the missile flight were one and the same. d. On 5 August, at 13112, several aircraft at 28-33N/I 45W reported a strange flashing object which climbed rapidly and flew into the clouds. On 5 August at 05002, a teenager reported a bright light in the sky since no other details were available, this sighting was ruled non-significant and no investigation was made.

This information is forwarded as background information for THE COMMANDER

- page 3 -

