Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
20 March 65  21/0315Z

2. LOCATION
Bellbrook, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 - 12 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NNW

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Obj at ap. prth. was 10-15 higher than the existing stars, very bright, like a star. Shape appeared round, fading in & out of focus. Slightly and not to color. Stayed visible 10-12 min. No definite pattern of movement. Slight up & down, level motion.

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-329 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    13    April    1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I am a farmer and having sit'ed on a farm all of my life. I have made a habit of looking around the sky, before going to bed. On March 30, 1965 when I looked to the south there was this unusual object. I watched it 10 go from south to west and out of sight and wondered what it was, and as I was tired, on April 1, 1965, I checked to see if the journal might very well be the same object that was sighted in the neighboring town. It seems quite similar to PARS, and again I think it was possibly one the same object in a different location the same might

[The bottom of the page contains a blacked out section]


- page 2 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDFCS/61393
SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO: TDEW

While Duty Officer, I received a call from Mr. [redacted] Bellbrook, Ohio, telephone No. [redacted] who claimed to have seen the same UFO that was reported on the 30th of March 1965. He said he saw a bright object larger than a star similar to what the women from Lewisburg Ohio had seen. He said he saw it at about 10:15 on the 30th traveling from East to West and then it appeared to turn and go North.

CARL N. SCHAFFHAUSER
Captain, USAF
Departmental Support Branch

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 3 -

FTD (TDSN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
12 April 1965

Bellbrook, Ohio

Dear Mr [redacted]:

Our office is investigating the observation of an object in the Dayton - Lewisburg area on the night of 30 March 1965. The Duty Officer at Wright-Patterson AFB, which may be associated with this event, observed an object which may be associated with this event.

Would you please complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it to our office in the envelope provided.

We assure you that your name will not be released to the news media in connection with this observation.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

2 Atchs
1. FTD Form 164
2. Envelope


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
30    March    1965

2. Time of day: 10    15
(Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted/Illegible] Bellbrook    Ohio

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    10 to 15    Minutes    Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    Looked at clock

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FTD JC 614 164    This form supersedes FTD JC 164, 1 Jul 64, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared at night, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
"as was about brighter than the morning star at its brightest"

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: other light in color than star

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
                    Yes    No    Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change or pulsate?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?


- page 6 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, not watched at - only got away

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [blank]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: [blank]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - [illegible]
b. Color - [appears to say] "tell to-dark coat"

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and not how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Handwritten response is partially illegible, appears to reference size relative to something]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple oval/circular shape with an arrow indicating movement is drawn]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Equal to SAC service flight type

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Some 200 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank]

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible, appears to start with "3 turns up to edge like the height story, ..." but the rest is not clearly readable]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document also contains a compass rose diagram and an angular elevation diagram showing a figure looking at an object against a horizon line with angle markings from 0° to 90°.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   NB
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
[Redacted]   [Redacted]   [Redacted]

ADDRESS
[Redacted]   Bellbrook   [Redacted]   [Redacted]

TELEPHONE NUMBER   AGE 42   SEX [Redacted]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially illegible date]   W 3FB

Page 6 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 10 -

