Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE + TIME GROUP
25 May 65 26/0452

2. LOCATION
Washington, D C

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (METEOR)
Fireball

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Two observers 1st, round with little tail if any. 2d, lenticular shape. Brighter than the moon. 1st, Bluish or blurred. 2d, Yellow. 1st, Size of nickle at arm's length. 2d, Size of quarter. 1st, To East. 2d, To Northeast. 1st, Several miles high. 2d, 500-1,000 ft. Speed about the same as a meteor.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 - 4 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Easterly

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

AUG - 9 1965

[Some text is partially obscured/illegible]

This is a summary request for an evaluation of a final object which [rest of line illegible]

JONES SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Civil Liaison Division
Office of Information

COORDINATED BY (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date):

[Table rows are blank]

Combats by - SAFO1-2
Reader by - SAFO1-1
Activity by - SAFO1-1
Startback by - SATJ-2


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
TUESDAY, MAY 25, 1965.
Between 11:6 - 11:30 pm

2. Time of day: (Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): (a) Eastern, (b) Central, (c) Mountain, (d) Pacific, (e) Other
(Circle One): (a) Daylight Saving, (b) Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
IN WASHINGTON, D.C.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
3-4 Seconds
(a) Certain, (b) Fairly certain, (c) Not very sure, (d) Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimated (at counting rate of approx. 1 sec. to "one chimpanzee")
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ✓ No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: (a) Bright, (b) Cloudy
NIGHT: (a) Bright, (b) Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): (a) In front of you, (b) In back of you, (c) To your right, (d) To your left, (e) Overhead, (f) Don't remember

FORM
OCT 62 164
This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 3 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Brighter than the moon.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred (witness A)
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined (My is c/f)
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
In moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Silent
b. Color: Glowing green (with a bluish tinge) - (Myself)
           yellow - (Witness A)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and now, how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
a. About diam. of a nickel, held at arm's length (Myself)
b. " " " quarter or large " " (Witness A)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protuberances, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a circular object with an arrow indicating movement]

a. Circular, no protuberances, little it any (Myself)
b. Oval or lenticular, no protuberances (Witness A)


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [Handwritten note partially illegible]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Several miles high (myself)
b) Around 500-1000 ft. (N.t.n.)

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

[Handwritten response] A wishful in a quarter, faint and lovely glowing bright green. It was not being shaped but would, as a pure top. The glow was bright clear and across.


- page 6 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Straight Line path.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

One only.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
(Witness A)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Witness A: Mrs. [redacted]
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20016.
(Asst. Librarian, U.S.Naval Observatory, Wash,DC.
(She saw it only "out of corner of my eye...")

Witness B: Another man, a friend, who failed to see it as he was not looking in that direction, during those 3 to 4 seconds.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: WASHINGTON, D.C. 20011.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted] AGE 51 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

1. Former lecturer on Marine Meteorology before yacht clubs, Coast Guard units, U.S. Power Squadrons (1930's & 40's)
2. During World War II, was an Asst. Meteorologist at U.S. Weather Bur. in Chicago (1942). National Security
3. Now Research Consultant to The Faculty, Seminar School, Industrial College of the Armed Forces, Ft. Lesley J. McNair, Washington, DC 20315.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
MAY 26, 1965
Day    Month    Year

1. U.S. Naval Observer, Wash, DC.
2. Goddard Space Flt. Center
3. UFO Office, USAF, Wash, DC.

(None had received other reports when I called day following)


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   29   MAY   1965
                                            Day    Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I have seen single meteors before, and this moved at about that speed.

However, 1) was far larger than the relatively slender point of light these are, and 2) was brightly glowing a predominantly green (not red)....

Seemed to come from WSW quadrant and move generally eastward, approximately parallel to the earth's surface. Perhaps hardly moving slightly... allowing the earth's rotation to confirm this.

I was facing right at it, saw it coming from W, above edge of housetop/trees, and we could not follow it. Elvert, to left, because of other trees.

Goddard S.F.C. informed me that could not have been a satellite in orbit. They move much faster usually, and it was quite visible, and only one was scheduled to be seen over west DC that night, which, was 10 above horizon....


- page 9 -

