Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
2 March 65 02/1855

2. LOCATION
Brooksville, Florida (sighting)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
n/a

10. CONCLUSION
HOAX

Sufficient data to evaluate a hoax

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10-25 minutes on Grd,
10 Seconds in Flight

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Alleged interview of space ship on ground and contact with
"pilot", paper published in local news, photos in court,
Brooksville, Fla. Case.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
n/a

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
■ Yes
□ No

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Lt Duncan was notified and contacted by the radio station owner and went with Mr [illegible] to the landing sight. He conducted a personal interview with [illegible] who was highly nervous. Photos of the legs and robot foot prints were taken. There is a fire tower near the sight. The photos and other data is being forwarded with the report. Major Quintanilla requested Lt Duncan to contact local police and forest rangers at the tower and advise him that information released to the press should be made through SAFOI. Major Quintanilla asked if the holes had been measured as to distance between marks and depth of the holes and whether a geiger counter check of the area had been made. Reply to both questions was negative. Since the investigating official did not have a geiger counter at his disposal.

Conversation with PIO office at MacDill on 9 Mar 55. Information went out morning of 9 Mar 55. Airmail Registered.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Note: ONE LEG SHOWN OF VERTICAL
AS SHOWN:

FOOTPADS

GROUND
LINE

PROBE

SURFACE
INDENTATIONS

8"DIA. HOLE
6" DEEP

CONCENTRIC
FOOTPRINT

ECCENTRIC
FOOTPRINT

POSSIBLE FOOTPAD CONFIGURATIONS & FOOTPRINTS.


- page 3 -

There is no readable text on this page. The image appears to be a technical drawing or schematic of what looks like a spacecraft or lunar lander, with multiple circular components, support struts, and some additional geometric shapes and annotations. The drawing is in black and white and appears to be a technical illustration.


- page 4 -

COMBINATION ACTUATOR SHOCK STRUT

TWO-WAY ACTUATOR PISTON

SHOCK STRUT

UNIVERSAL JOINT

FOOT

FIGURE 69
VARIABLE PIVOT AXIS SYSTEM FOR CONCEPT L-17
101

PIN-TYPE UNIVERSAL

SNUBBING CENTERING CYLINDER


- page 5 -

The only text visible in this image is a small label "G" in the bottom right corner of the document. The rest of the page appears to be blank or extremely faint, with no legible text.


- page 6 -

Per conversation 1st Lt Edward R Goetti, MacDill AFB, Florida and Marilyn Stancombe, TDEV/UTO, 12 Mar 65.

Told Lt that received report at 0300 hours, 1/2 hour ago. Told him we needed more information.

There were many footprints around the spaceship. They were not underneath where the alleged spaceship landed, they approached the door of the alleged spaceship. Foot prints were approximately one man's average step apart, approximately six eleven. The ridges on the prints did not look like any kind of fishing boots, shoes, or anything he had seen. It was that somebody cut a steel grater that is in the sidewalk and fit it to the bottom of a shoe. There were so many prints that he did not count them. There were too many foot prints to take in one picture.

The holes were not measured by him. A Dr C W Bemiss took exact measurements and we can get in contact with him through Lt Alexander, PTD, Patrick AFB, Fla. Dr Bemiss had said that there was no radioactivity present. The holes were approximately six inches deep and eight inches across and approximately ten and one-half feet apart. There were four holes. Asked him why they didn't take picture of all holes at once. They were too far apart to get in one photo and there were clumps of grass in the way. Asked him why they didn't take a photo of each hole. He replied that they just didn't.

I said that I realized this and he replied that they would know the next time. The holes did not appear to be depressed nor did they appear to be dug with an instrument. They looked like they had been scooped out by someone's hands.

Asked them why they did not identify each picture. They just didn't. They did not obtain an official statement from the sheriff. However, the sheriff did, in turn, now do an investigation. This incident, an object the dimensions that he described could have landed in that area without disturbing the terrain. (Trees and bush). However, in fact, when the spaceship took off it created a dust disturbance in the air sending bits of debris over the ground. There was no evidence of ground debris.

Asked Lt Goetti to obtain measurements of footprints etc. He could not obtain them as is related the day afterwards and washed them away.

Lt Goetti's personal opinion was that he didn't believe [text blacked out].


- page 7 -

STATEMENT:

In MacGill investigation team, he said the object
had a total height of 10 feet and oriented his portion in his car, spoke
at the scene with (How determined).

In his statement with, he started to say there was something close when he went up to the bushes then stopped, changed his statement. (WHY)?

Mr didn't describe the color of the object on the scene with

Mr said the Robot man came within 15 feet from the bushes, then he
said where he was. He first said he was stooping behind the rushes.
(Where was he when the Robot thing came up to the bushes)?

Mr said "He got up again" and took another picture of me. (WHO IS HE)?

Mr said he went within 100 feet of the object. Wearing glasses and
at that distance are you going to count steps also with them circular.

Mr is saying they, he first said there was a Robot man. Now he is
speaking of near a car.

said there was a gear box on the side of the body, body of what
the robot or the ship, if it was on the ship and if the steps were inside,
how could they turn this gear box, and if it was on the Robot man,
how could he do it, he said he might was the camera.

With being scared and with his glasses knocked off, he gave not
a good measuring of the box which was attached to the Robot, 6 X 6,
(not a good record).

In his statement to MacGill he said he saw the Robot man for 1 - 2 minutes.

said there was a flash to MacGill, with no exhaust, if there was
fresh what about an exhaust.

Movement diagram shows the steps straight, with a notch down on the
upper portion of a ship. He says he has no indication this in his statement.

The writing on the two diagrams are not the same.

In his statement to MacGill he said it went straight up. In his tape
he said he thought it went straight up.


- page 8 -

Diameter of Object observed: says 20-30 ft, according to dimensions of holes it was possibly only 13-14 ft in diameter.

Holes - says 4-5 inches diameter, 4 inches deep. Mac Dill AFB says 8 inch diameter, 6 inches deep. Photo shows holes 7½ inch diameter.

Photos show leaves in hole are not crushed. If something the size of this ship would have landed, leaves and grass would have been pushed to bottom of hole. Also hole looks like it was dug with small sand shovel or something like a pole digger.

Picture of hole indicates something larger hit right above the hole, about 14 inches wide circling hole. Sketch did not indicate this.

If was already in bushes how could he take off for bushes.

"Opening under the saucer x and he got inside" said he saw only one "robot". Tape said "they were going up one at a time... after they were all in there." "It seemed right near us" (was supposedly the only witness) Lt Goettie said there were no footprints under alleged saucer. News clipping "There was some kind of an opening under the saucer..."

"Chamber it went up inside" If didn't go down to area how could he see a chamber go up in to the ship, when chamber was undressed and ship was only lift off ground.

News clipping said "he didn't go very far from saucer" referring to the robot. If was within 100 ft of saucer and robot came to 15 ft of saucer, robot would have had to gone farther away from saucer.

Photo shows a brush and tree area. How could a person see an object 700 yards away, only ten foot high, diameter 15-30 ft, squatting on a four legged landing gear.

If was so scared he couldn't blink an eye, just how could he remember so much and move so much.

One article says, "it dropped pieces of material." Tape says "then I went down and looked, and I found some very, some kind of writing material with some very queer writing on it."


- page 9 -

MEMORANDUM:

Newspaper clippings said; it said, it made a whistling sound.

Photographs:

He said in his tape there were many footprints, the photos only show one person.

The holes are too shallow for an object this size to make. Also the leaves in the hole are not pressed into the ground.

With an object, with speed in excess to 5,000 mph, would surely distribute the grass, and debris around the hole and area.


- page 10 -

Hernando County Sheriff's office, Brooksville, Florida, area code 305, 796-3541

On 16 March 1965 we placed a call to the above number.
He was in a meeting at the time. We spoke to who was familiar
with the case. was out there at the same time the Air Force office
was. Did actually go out to the sighting itself. He didn't go out to the
sighting. Newspaper quotes them as going out there, and we would like a law
enforcement's opinion. said it was pretty soft earth. We told him that
there were some contradictory statements. and were going out there
to the sighting but they had to get a car out of the sand that was stuck. 
said it was hard to believe story. He thought was just having
his day of glory. We told him that we needed a motive for doing something
of this sort. said he felt that was getting older and wanted his
picture in the paper and got his day of glory, like some people get there day in
jail, he gets his in glory.


- page 11 -

Schizophrenic

Psychiatry. A type of psychosis characterized by loss of contact with the environment and by disintegration of the personality. It includes dementia praecox and some related forms of insanity.

Dementia praecox

A common form of insanity, developing usually in late adolescence or early adult life, and characterized by loss of interest in people and things, loss of effective participation - practical or social life, incoherence of thought and action, and blunting of emotion. In cases of the hebephrenic type it is characteristic also by silly behavior, in cases of the paranoid type, by delusions, and in cases of the catatonic by negativistic, stereotyped, cataleptic actions and attitudes, and by periods of excitement and of stupor.


- page 12 -

FOI 15
Unidentified Flying Object Report                                5 March 1965

Hq USAF (AFCIN)
Washington 25, D.C.

In accordance with AFR 200-2, the attached Special Intelligence
Report, (DD Form 1396), dated 3 March 1965, is submitted.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

E. D. STUYVESANT
Colonel, USAF
Dep Comdr for Ops                                                1 Atch
                                                                    a/s

                                                                cy to: AFCSC (FTC)
                                                                        Attn: TD-E


- page 13 -

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE: INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

This report contains unprocessed information
Plans and/or policies should not be evolved
or modified solely on the basis of this report.

1. COUNTRY: USA
2. SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report
3. ISC NUMBER:
4. DATE OF INFORMATION: 2 March 1965
5. PLACE AND DATE OF ACC: MacHill AFB, Florida
                            3 March 1965
6. EVALUATION: SOURCE F     INFORMATION 6
7. SOURCE: [redacted]
           Brooksville, Florida

8. REPORT NUMBER:
9. DATE OF REPORT: 3 March 1965
10. NO. OF PAGES:
11. REFERENCES:
12. ORIGINATOR: 15th Tactical Fighter Wing
13. PREPARED BY: Edward W. Goettl, 1st Lt., USAF
14. APPROVING AUTHORITY:

15. SUMMARY:
    UFO sighted by [redacted], Brooksville, Florida.

    a. Description of Object:
    (1) Shape of UFO was 20 to 30 feet in diameter; total height 10 feet; 6 feet high on 6 foot stilts.
    (2) Color was a blue, green, red purple or the colors of a soap bubble.
    (3) There was only one UFO sighted.
    (4) Features were variable metal blades on the outer rim, 3 feet long and 5 - 10 inches wide; 7-8 circular steps which folded into the body of the UFO; 2 windows on the top side of the body near box on the side of the body which Mr. [redacted] thought was used to turn the blades.
    (5) There was no tail, trail or exhaust.
    (6) An UFOB blades began to rotate counter clockwise. [redacted] states he heard a rumble at first, then as the blades turned there was a whistling sound.

    (7) [redacted] also claims he saw a man/robot 5 feet tall, eyes not far apart from each other, pointed chin, and having a dark complexion. The man/robot had a transparent glass helmet, wearing a one-piece silver suit with seams, and an overall pin front, waist band of the same material, and a round square box on the left side attached to the waist band. It also wore boots and gloves. The man/robot pointed to the box at him twice. Each time the box produced a flash similar to a flash bulb. The round square box had an opening on top, two buttons on each side at the top and a small hole in the middle.

    b. Manner of Observation was ground-visual.

    c. As [redacted] was walking through the woods he claims he saw the UFO. He was a bit lower when he saw it first. He circled around and had strong brushes

[Bottom of document contains standard form fields for distribution, downgrading, and attachment data]


- page 14 -

DEPARTMENE OF DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

CONTINUATION SHEET

about 75 yards from the UFO. He studied the UFO uninterrupted for about 10 minutes. Mr. saw on level ground during this 20 - 25 minutes. The man/robot appeared and let the UFO lifted off the ground and raised straight up until it was out of sight. Disappearance was 10 seconds.

d. Time and date of sighting was 0955, 2 March 1965. The day was sunny, clear, few scattered clouds in the distance and in had radar contact that day.

e. Location of sighting was 1½ miles NW of the fire tower located at Brooksville, Florida. The observer was a retired dock worker from New York City. Reliability is Brooksville.

f. Mr. Reeves account of the weather was as follows: "sunny, clear, few scattered clouds in the distance.

Report of wind direction and velocity are as follows:
Surface     220°    15 knots
6,000'      250°    31 knots
10,000'     270°    17 knots
12,000'     250°    49 knots
20,000'     250°    63 knots
32,000'     260°    74 knots
50,000'     270°    72 knots
70,000'     Unkn    Unkn

Ceiling was broken at 2,500; visibility unlimited; clear cover was scattered; thunderstorm earlier that day.
Partial temperature 700 with a standard adiabatic lapse rate.

h. No other activity or unusual condition which may account for this sighting is known to have existed at this time.

i. Mr. has no record with the Sheriff at Brooksville. The fire tower, mentioned in first report, has report of a UFO.

The paper claims a hole is found at the landing site is similar to silk span paper. Used to build model airplanes.

Mr. was observed walking with his right hand. He states he must wear glasses at all times. He is separated from his wife and has lived alone for four years. His residence is a trailer in a state of Minnesota.

The man/robot states, wore a glass dome and his head was covered with the one piece suit.

j. N/A

k. N/A

l. Enclosed are photos of two of the holes Mr. claims were made by the landing gear (he claims the gear was black and tan); one photo of and two photos of the prints. The man/robot states the man/robot left behind a tape recording made by the radio station in Brooksville.

An additional report will be forwarded to your office as soon as Dr. Hynek (Pan American World Airways, Hotel Dixie) has more details.


- page 15 -

Text found in the document:

- NEAR ALL PLACES OF INTEREST IN FLORIDA -

HI - DRI - COOL 481

The document also contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or flying saucer-like object with two circular features on top of an elongated shape.


- page 16 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

opening

Shutters
= helo

Sample of
hand writing

MAR 3, 65
152- 920 TOS
Tuesday, Mar 2, 65


- page 17 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

"clock
clean
1 piece

overlap

gloves- then

band
club"

The image appears to be a hand-drawn sketch of a figure or outline with various handwritten notes around it. Some words are partially illegible or cut off.


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

REPORT

This is Jerry Leonard here on the scene at Brooksville. I have who was on the scene when this spaceship landed in Brooksville.

Hello, this here, when I went out to the woods yesterday afternoon about five till two and I was, I saw this here flying saucer. It was about twenty to thirty feet in diameter, and it was about six feet thick, I believe. Roughly, six feet thick, but it stood above the ground about four feet on four stilts-like, like landing gear. And then there was this here, and then I went around and I was going around on the other side to get a closer look and but I decided and I went around the other way but I but I got within less than a 100 feet from it. So, the IIII got in the bushes and come out and II was and I happened to look over there and seen there was a robot, this here like a robot, he was about five foot tall a he had/a glass dome on his head and then the eyes a the eyes were kind of funny too. They seemed like they were far apart and flat in the middle, but the nose was down, the same as we are. The chin came like to a point, pointy chin like, and then did did knee and he walked around down to where the space ship was and he turned a came around and walked up and up up to where the bushes and within 15 feet from where I was, where the bushes were. I was outside those bushes there stooping down, looking out and I stopped there for about maybe a minute and a half, two minutes, then I finally saw he brought something up. Well I figured it was a camera, he brought it up to about about up to his chin about that level, and then there was a big flash, and then about by that time then you know I got kind of scared, you know, I took in the and I started to get out of there, you see, and theeeeehthehehehehehe branches thhhhhhhhhheee treeeeeeeess and I hit upon my head as I come out my glasses fell off uh the I was laying right on the ground right along the side these


- page 19 -

bushes there. So I see he got up againan aaaa and took another picture of me. So then he turned around and went back to the to this here uh to this here uh this here uh space uh here uh flying saucer and then he uh got inside then I noticed that the uh the blade the the uh this the a stair, this uh this was round steps,they went inside uh uh a of a cylinder like like a round cylinder, must of must of been about ohhh 14 maybe 14 16 maybe 18 inches in diameter. But the steps, they seemed to go inside and in as as asa they were going up one at a time, went inside this here, this chamber-like you know, and so after they uh were all in there, then this uh the chamber it went up inside the inside the inside the ship, so that when the ship started to uh those there blades they started to uh started to move move something like a a venetian blind you know. You know how a venetian blinds opens? This is how these blades moved. And so then after a while then this uh this rim started going around and uh made a whistling sound and made a little thunder like and it then it seemed like it seemed right near us then it was going very fast then. Then it stood right there, these here, these here uh like stilts that was on the landing gear, they seemed to come up, up under the ship and they went right inside, right inside the ship. Then, then she took off. In ten seconds that thing was gone in ten seconds. I thought it uh what I thought it went straight up, right straight up in the air it went. And then I uh went down and looked, and I found some very, some kind of writing material with some very queer writing on it. But some of fellows that were joking about it down here in the in the MWJ, station, radio station, they was joking about it looked like looked like like chinese writing you know, but it wasn't that though. But it was a very queer writing. On very thin, I don't know what kind of stuff what stuff this was kind of looked to looked to me more like a kleenex than, very thin, it was made of some kind of fabric, some kind of fabric,


- page 20 -

like fiber-glass, I don't know what you call, some kind of stuff it was made of. And the fellows from the CIA they was just up here now and back in the woods here, they uh took some pictures of it and they as uh lot of fing uh footprints, a lot of all around in the dirt, and they uh went where the space ship landed, landing gear uh where the holes in the ground where the space ship landed they took pictures of that but they are going to send that away you know, and do they're going to do some more investigating on that.

Tape made by the radio station in Brooksville.


- page 21 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(h) Dr Bemiss, using a precision 111b Scintillator, surveyed the area for radioactive residue and could not detect a signal level higher than the normal background count. The background (plus dark current) readings ranged from 0.004 to 0.010 mr/hr.

(9) A report from the "Institute of Paper Chemistry", Appleton, Wisconsin indicates that "the tissue-like paper is composed of fibers which are not uncommon in this country and in foreign countries. The fiber composition, as well as the general nature of the specimen, corresponds to lens and stencil papers made both in this country and abroad on continuous machines and also in small-scale operations". In view of the report from the "Institute of Paper Chemistry" it is apparent that the tissue-like paper did not come from outer space. We are endeavoring to find the specific company which manufactured this paper; however, this will take more time and correspondence.

(6) A decipherment of the shorter message, allegedly dropped by the robot, indicates that this work was done by an amateur. Since no other implications are apparent, it is requested that no further action be taken at this time, or energy be expended in deciphering the second message. The text of the message is quite apparent, however, we have made no effort to determine the motivating factor behind the writing of such a message. (See Attachment #2)

b. SUMMARY: The Air Force cannot substantiate the reported sighting and the alleged landing on the basis of factual or measurable evidence.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

2 Attachs
1. Diagram of Holes
2. Photos of Message

2


- page 22 -

This case contains 1 audio reel.


- page 23 -

The only text I can see in this image is a single letter "G" in a small box on the right side of the document. The rest of the page appears to be a blank or very faintly marked white/gray document page.


- page 24 -

TWXO/UFO
UFO Sighting, Brooksville, Florida 2 Mar 65                     23 Mar 65

Hq USAF SAFOI-CC (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

1. Attached is the report of investigation by Dr C W Bemiss, of
the alleged Brooksville flying saucer sighting. As you can see,
Dr Bemiss' report is what I needed in the way of radioactive
measurements and measurement of the alleged hole spacing. Dr
Bemiss' report further confirms my suspicions about this whole
case. I will discuss this further prior to leaving the press
release.

2. I agree with Colonel Maniterre's recommendation with regards
to reimbursing Dr Bemiss for his transportation, lodging, and
the standard consultant fee. If you can come up with the money,
please communicate directly with Colonel Maniterre and give him
the appropriate number which he should use.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR                                         1 Atch
Major, USAF                                                    s/a
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

cc: Col Maniterre,
     Patrick AFB, Fla
     Attn w/G


- page 25 -

TDEV/UFO
UFO Sighting, Brooksville, Florida 2 Mar 65                                23 Mar 65

Hq AFSTR (ETWE)
Attn: Colonel Maniere
Patrick AFB, Florida 32925

1. Attached is a copy of a letter which I have submitted to
SAFOL. I agree with your recommendation and feel that Dr Bemiss
should definitely be paid for his excellent work.

2. I would like to commend Alexander for his aggressiveness,
foresight and good judgement. His help, in acquiring Dr Bemiss
to take the measurements, has played an important part in the
final evaluation of this case.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR                                                    1 Atch
Major, USAF                                                               Ltr fm TDEV/UFO,
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch                                            23 Mar 65, subj as above


- page 26 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEM/UFO
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Brooksville, Florida 2 Mar 65                                   23 Mar 65

TO: Hq USAF SATO1-CC (Mrs Hunt)
     Wash D C 20330

1. Attached is the report of investigation by Dr C W Bemiss, of
the alleged Brooksville Flying Saucer Sighting. As you can see,
Dr Bemiss' report is what I needed in the way of radiometric
measurements and measurements of the alleged hole spacings. Dr
Bemiss' report further confirms my suspicions about this whole
case. We will discuss this further prior to issuing the press
release.

2. I agree with Colonel Manizerre's recommendation with regards
to reimbursing Dr Bemiss for his transportation, lodging, and
the standard consultant fee. If you can come up with the money,
please communicate directly with Colonel Manizerre and give him
the appropriation number which he should use.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR.
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

1 Atch
a/s

cc: Col Manizerre,
     Patrick AFB, Fla
     Atch w/d

1st Ind (SAF-010C)

Dept of the AF, Hq USAF, Washington, DC, 20330

TO: TDEM/UFO, Hq FTD(AFSC), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, 45433

It is the opinion of this office that the services rendered by
Dr. Bemiss were of an investigative rather than an information
nature. Since SAFO1 funds are not available for this purpose,
it is suggested that AFSC funds be used to reimburse Dr. Bemiss.

FOR THE CHIEF OF STAFF

JOE F. SPAULDING, Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Atch w/d

"THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY"


- page 27 -

HEADQUARTERS
AIR FORCE EASTERN TEST RANGE
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
PATRICK AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA 32925

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ETWE

16 March 1965

SUBJECT: Letter of Transmittal

TO: FTD (TDEW/UFO)
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio 45433

1. Reference telecon between Lt Alexander, ETWE, and
Mrs. Stancombe, TDEW, on 12 March 65.

2. The investigation reported in the attached memorandum
for the record was accomplished by Dr. C. W. Bemiss on a
completely voluntary basis without reimbursement of any
the Pan American Technical Staff. Pan American is the
prime Air Force contractor at the Eastern Test Range.
With a view toward Dr. Bemiss' participation in future
events, as well as in this present instance, it is our
feeling that he probably should be reimbursed if continguency funds are readily available for this purpose. The
cost would be nominal; about one day per diem, mileage
(270 miles round trip in his own automobile), plus, perhaps,
a standard consultant fee for one day.

3. The BTW role in this operation is elaborated for your
information as follows:

Upon reading news accounts of the reported sighting,
Dr. Bemiss called this Deputy and volunteered his services
as an impartial scientific investigator. He pointed out
that the investigation should be made promptly, if at all,
because of the short half life of radioactive calcium and
that he had scintillation counting equipment which he could
use to establish or rule out nuclear power as a means of
propulsion. BTW then contacted 15th Tactical Wing (TW)
Intelligence at MacDill AFB, Florida, the initial Air Force
investigator to inform them of Dr. Bemiss' offer. BTW
stressed the need for expedited action and the potential
value of Dr. Bemiss' contribution. In response to query by
the representatives of the 15th TW Intelligence Office at
MacDill, BTW suggested that the report hearing completion
be sent to FTD as planned, but that FTD should be queried
as to desires on Dr. Bemiss' proposed survey. Dr. Bemiss'


- page 28 -

phone numbers were given to MacDill so that they could
arrange the survey, if desired by FTD.

Since it was near 1600 hours on a Friday afternoon,
and knowing the communications difficulties that might
arise, we decided to call FTD to make sure MacDill got
through. Maj Quintanilla, TDEW, was contacted by
Lt Alexander, RTW8. Maj Quintanilla had not heard from
MacDill and was most anxious to have Dr. Bemiss conduct
his tests. Another call to Dr. Bemiss revealed that he
had not been called by anybody at MacDill. Lt Alexander
then called MacDill and located Capt Hincewicz, 15th TW
Intelligence. It was arranged to have Dr. Bemiss meet
Lt Goetzle of MacDill in Brooksville at 1100 hours,
Saturday, 6 March 65. Lt Alexander called Dr. Bemiss
and informed him of the arrangements made with MacDill.
Finally we provided Dr. Bemiss typing and administrative
support in publishing and distributing his report.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of] ERNEST R. MANIERRE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Foreign Technology

1 Atch
Memo for the Record, 12 Mar 65,
Investigation of Reported UFO
Landing Site fm Dr. C.W. Bemiss,
PAA, PAFB, Fla.

Copy to: 15th Tactical Fighter
Wing Intelligence
FTD (TDA/Mr. Keeney)
w/o atch

2


- page 29 -

Memo for the Record                                     12 March 1965

SUBJ:  Investigation of Reported UFO Landing Site

TO:    ETW (Lt J.S. Alexander)

1.     Per your arrangement, I met Lt Goettle, MacDill AFB, at the WJAB Radio Station in Brooksville at approximately 1130, Saturday, 6 March 1965.

2.     Lt Goettle was accompanied by another individual, an Air Force Sergeant. We drove as near to the reported site as possible and continued on foot. After a period of about an hour, and with the assistance of a local resident (in his Model A Ford "woods-buggy") we arrived at the site.

3.     It was evident that the area had received rain and an indeterminable number of visitors since the original report was made. Therefore, the indentations or holes which supposedly represented the point of landing or landing legs were partially "filled-in", yet their location was very evident. The previously photographed footprints has been obliterated, thus, no observable evidence of their existence remained.

4.     The area was examined closely, the spacing and compass orientation of the holes were measured and a scintillation counter survey made of the ground within the four-hole array and surrounding area.

5.     No opinion was solicited or will be offered as to the authenticity of the sighting or the reliability of the observer, for I did not meet or question Mr. ______. I would prefer to limit my discussion to factual evidence and not delve into conjecture.

6.     The following represents my observations and measurements:

a.     Surface appearance of the area

The soil in the sighting area is the typical, fine type of "original sea sand" found in a large portion of Florida. The surface of this soil was covered with a light residue of decaying field grass and the decomposed


- page 30 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

residue of leaves. This type of litter is very loose
and could be easily moved by a moderately strong air
flow. The litter was distributed in a random manner
throughout the area of the sighting, right up to the
edges of the holes reported as indentations from landing
legs. A portion of this type of litter may be seen in
the photograph of one hole recorded by a photographer
from the radio station.

I believe that the foregoing is important for a
number of reasons:

(1) If a "heated gas" type of propulsion
were used in the reported vehicle, it is most probable
that the litter would have been dispersed, disarranged
or at least present a "scorched" appearance. There was
no evidence to substantiate such an expectation.

(2) If any form of high velocity jet were
used for propulsion, it is expected that a pattern
representing the thrust impact of this - imping upon
the ground - would remain. In addition, if the unknown
vehicle were to "hover" for even a limited period of time
(as reported), it is expected that the loose sand in the
area would be disarranged in a similar manner. Observations did not confirm this hypothesis.

Thus, if a 'sighting' did actually take place, the
unknown vehicle must have included a form of propulsion
unknown to our science, as of this date.

b. Measurement of Hole Spacing and Compass Orientation

I had included a 6-ft metal tape measure and an
Engineers Lenzomatic Compass in my equipment for the trip.
Lt Goettle and the AF Sergeant measured the separation
distance between the centers of the four holes and also
the diagonal spacing, while I recorded the data. The
results have been sketched to scale on the accompanying
sheet. I believe only one measurement needs clarification.
The diagonal AC presents an orientation angle of 136° to
magnetic north.

As to interpretation of the measurements, it would
be normally expected that the support legs of a circular
vehicle would be equally spaced or at least the diagonal
distance spacing would be similar. It is evident from the
measurements that this is not the case.

2


- page 31 -

c. Measurement of Residual Radioactivity

It has been postulated in previous reports of UFO sightings that a form of nuclear propulsion might be used in such a vehicle.

In seeking evidence of this as a possibility, first the nature of the soil was considered. This type of Florida sea sand is not pure silica, SiO2. Instead, it generally contains calcium, magnesium and iron impurities. This offers the possibility that a detectable gamma ray-emitting isotope might be present. It is recognized that the half-life of gamma-emitting isotopes of silicon are in the range of 2 seconds to 2.62 hours; therefore, I would not expect to find evidence of residual radioactivity four days later. The gamma-emission isotopes of oxygen have maximum half-lives of 71 seconds, so the situation would be similar for this element.

The two isotopes, Ca 47 (half-life=4.5 days), and Fe 59 (half-life=45 days), however, are possible emission sources for detection in a very sensitive scintillation counter is used.

As mentioned before, a scintillation survey was made over the entire area of the sighting and at no time was it possible to detect a signal level higher than the normal background count, plus instrument "dark current." The instrument utilized was a Precision 111b Scintillator, in the "fast count" made with all readings on the 0 to 0.023 MR/hr scale. The background (plus dark current) readings ranged from 0.004 to 0.010 MR/hr.

If a nuclear propulsion jet stream had impinged on the calcium and impurity contained sand, I believe that a residual radioactivity level would still have existed and the sensitivity of the Precision 111b Scintillator would have been sufficient to detect it. The observations and readings did not confirm this as a fact.

SUMMARY

The observation of the undisturbed loose litter in the area, irregular spacing of the holes and lack of any measureable radioactivity make it difficult for me to substantiate the reported sighting on the basis of factual or measureable evidence on the date of inspection.

C.W. BEMISS
Pan American World Airways
Technical Staff
Patrick AFB, Florida

1 Atch
Four Hole Array,
Brooksville, Fla.


- page 32 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TDSW/UFO

Conclusion of Brooksville, Fla, 2 Mar 65 Sighting     30 Mar 65

Hq USAF SAFOI-CC (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C  20330

We have completed the evaluation of the alleged landing of a "Flying Saucer" at Brooksville, Florida. We believe this to be a hoax, however, it would be otherwise difficult for us to prove that he intended to perpetrate a hoax against the Air Force. His intent might have been to gain publicity for himself locally, however, this believed can him when the National Wire Service picked-up the story.

Listed below are the reasons why Mr _____ story cannot be substantiated by Project Blue Book:

a. The information, submitted to Project Blue Book by Air Force Investigators and Dr C W Bemiss, PAA Technical Staff Member of the Eastern Test Range, does not corroborate Mr _____ story of an alleged sighting of a flying saucer at Brooksville, Florida on 2 March 1965.  There are a number of statements in Mr Reeves' version of the sighting, which are extremely difficult to substantiate as facts.

(1) Mr _____ claims that the vehicle took off straight up at 5,000 miles per hour and it was cut of sight in 10 seconds. It is extremely doubtful that Mr _____ even if he had perfect eyesight, could have seen a twenty to thirty foot object for more than five seconds, which time the object would have reached an altitude of 36,430 feet.

(2) The blast-off, from a vehicle taking-off at these speeds, would have disturbed the sand and soil in the immediate area. Investigators found no evidence of any abnormal disturbance in the area.

(3) Mr _____ drawing of the saucer shows four stilts poles as the landing gear. These poles protrude from the saucer at an angle. The holes, which were reportedly caused by the landing gear, were straight and appeared to have been accepted or dug as opposed to indentations caused by an object of any sizeable weight. Hole dimensions and hole spacing were as follows: Holes were 8" in diameter and 6" deep. Line AB was 9'8". Line BC was 10'2". Line CD was 10'5". Line DA was 9'9". Line AC was 136°. Line BD was 14'6½". Angle AC was 136° magnetic North. (See Attachment #1)


- page 33 -

FOUR HOLE ARRAY
BROOKSVILLE, FLA

N

Scale: 3/4 - 1"
(15 paces of March 8-5)


- page 34 -

Line AB is 6'14"
Line BC is 10'12"
Line CD is 10'12"
Line DA is 9'13"
Line DE is 9'12"
Line AF is 13'14"
Angle AB is 136 degrees, Magnetic North

The above information was received from Dr Benias of Patrick AFB over the telephone on 12 March 1966. He is forwarding a report to ATIC/UFO with this information in chart form.


- page 35 -

Here is the text from the document:

HOLES ARE 8" DIA x 6" DEEP

NOTE: SHADED AREA INDICATES A SQUARE DRAWN THRU A-C

The image appears to be a technical diagram showing a diamond-shaped area with measurements and specific details about holes.


- page 36 -

The only text I can see in this image is a small "[H]" in a box located in the bottom right corner of the page. The rest of the page appears to be blank or extremely faint white/gray.


- page 37 -

Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK

In Vol. 1, No. 1 page four of the May, 1965 issue of the IIR we carried the story on the famous Brooksville, March 2nd landing as reported by our Coast Guard headquarters and the AF Headquarters.

The evidence that was left behind was two pieces of paper, foot prints, and the landing indentations.

On page three we carried a break-down of UFO sightings from 1947-1964. In this year the Air Force has investigated 176 UFO reports as follows:

January ........................ 40
February ....................... 33
March .......................... 32
April ........................... 35
May ............................ 31

176

The United States Air Force has the responsibility under the Department of Defense for the investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFO's). The name of this program, which has been in operation since 1948, is Project Blue Book. It has been identified in the past as Project Sign and Project Grudge.

Air Force interest in unidentified flying objects is related directly to the Air Force responsibility for the air defense of the United States. Procedures for this program are established by Air Force Regulation 200-2.

The objectives of Project Blue Book are two-fold: first, to determine whether UFO's pose a threat to the security of the United States; and, second, to determine whether UFO's exhibit any unique scientific information or advanced technology which could contribute to scientific research. In the course of accomplishing these objectives, Project Blue Book strives to identify and explain all UFO sightings reported to the Air Force.

The Air Force no longer possesses and thus does not have available for distribution outdated reports on Project Sign, Project Grudge, Blue Book Special Report No. 14 and outdated Project Blue Book press releases. Nonmilitary UFO publications should be requested from the publisher and, not the Air Force.

Obtained from 1965 Project Blue Book release by SAFO, Washington, D.C.

Photo Credit "Official AF Photo."


- page 38 -

Information Only
Source: UFO Investigator, Vol III, No 2, April-May 65

REEVES STORY

The report of NICAP's investigation into an alleged "robot figure" case by John F. Reeves, Brooksville, Fla. was crowded out of the last issue by more important items.

Through prompt action, NICAP's Sun Coast (Tampa) Subcommittee interviewed Reeves before AF investigators. After checking various angles, the Subcommittee was instrumental in obtaining a 16-decker test which indicated Reeves' story was true. Two weeks later, the AF publicly announced the same conclusion.

The case received wide publicity, but for those unacquainted with it here are the basic points. According to Reeves, a "robot like" figure emerged from a round machine he encountered while walking in a woods. Reeves claimed the figure took pictures of him, then dropped two pieces of paper with cryptic messages before taking off. NICAP was unable to obtain a paper sample, but the AF sites the messages were on rice paper, in a single code, one of them reading, in part:

"Planet Mars, where are you..."

It is noteworthy that Reeves' story had wide publicity at a time when verified, documented UFO reports by competent, reliable witnesses were being suppressed or publicity blocked by AP spokesman.

There are always frauds, publicity hounds and debated people who take advantage of our low development or discovery. It is regrettable—here—to some uninfluenced citizens, that the AF unbelievably plays tip the barriers and frauds, implying that most UFO observers are a lie same class. Eventually, this shoddy treatment of honest and competent citizens will backfire. Meaning, it is important for NICAP members to help knock down the wild, unfounded tales, stressing the hundreds of documented reports by highly responsible observers.


- page 39 -

March 4, 1965-Brooksville, Florida - Revised Investigation, John

P. Reeves reported a landing of a 30 foot-two windowed "saucer" with four landed landing gears and about 6 feet thick. He also reported seeing a five foot robot-like creature with a canvas like suit and place named below that took three photographs of him. Strange footprints, depressions on the ground and strange films were found on the ground and are being investigated by authorities there. SOURCE:

Miami Herald, Tampa Times, Orlando Sentinel, Florida.


- page 40 -

Here is the text from the newspaper page:

Friday, March 5, 1965 San Jose Mercury

Car Pyre Trial Widow Weeps 'I Wiped Squawk Box Out'

SAN BERNARDINO (UPI)—Been sentenced to die in California history.

Lucille Miller wept in court Thursday when a record-ing of a statement she made the night her husband died was played for the murder trial jury.

For the third day the jury listened to decide whether Mrs. Miller, 36, was guilty of murder in the death of her 36-year-old husband.

Superior Judge Edward Fogg ordered the jury to be locked up for the night, and said he would consider a Saturday verdict by tonight.

If the jury does not reach a verdict by tonight, eight women and two men, on the third day of the murder trial, asked to be sequestered.

SAN FRANCISCO (AP)—William J. Couch, in city prison on suspicion of murdering his mother, told police Thursday that he "exterminated a piece of equipment, a squawk box."

The body of Mrs. Iris Couch, found Wednesday in the 19-year-old's apartment, was slashed with a leather strap.

Spectators watched as the Mil-ler case unfolded rapidly into the courtroom.

During the session, Mrs. Miller's teenage daughter, Deborah, appeared tired and confused.

She had smiled frequently for her mother, who tried to cheer her up when the two met and after the jury received the case.

The coroner's office said Mrs. Couch had been beaten with a leather strap and slashed to death Monday night.

Officers said Mrs. Couch worked not more than three days. Officers said Mrs. Couch's body was found in a bathtub.

Police reported that Couch was committed by his mother to General Hospital in San Francisco and later to a patient at Napa state hospital in 1963. He was later a patient at Agnews and Napa state hospitals.

The Day in Sacramento [partial headline cut off]


- page 41 -

Here is the text from the document:

Sun Jose Mercury    Friday, March 5, 1965

Floridian Says 'Outer Space' Creature Took His Picture

BROOKSVILLE, Fla. (UPI)—unit at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio.

A retired longshoreman said Thursday that while walking through the woods he came upon a flying saucer and "something" that "just stared at him," left him a "pile of sheets of 'very queer writing'" and sped away into space.

John F. Reeves said he told Air Force officials he was so scared he "stared back at his glass."

Reeves, who once was a longshoreman in Brooklyn, said he brought the creature from outer space was taking snapshots of him.

He gave the papers the creature left him to an investigating team from MacDill Air Force Base near Tampa.

"Were from outer space," talking to Reeves, visited the woods and said it would send its report to Project Bluebook.

Reeves said he stumbled across his phenomenon in the woods Tuesday afternoon. He said the flying saucer was 20 to 30 feet in diameter, six to eight feet high, sitting in the forest on a four-legged landing gear. "It was bluegreen and reddish purple with two windows on top," he said.

It was about five feet tall, stocky, and wearing a gray canvas-like suit with a glass helmet, Reeves said. It appeared to have dark tan flesh, but everything except the face was covered. He said, "He didn't make a sound, it just stared at me," he said.

Then, he said, the creature lifted a black, six-inch diameter object which he thinks was a camera and pointed it at him. The object flashed "and I took off for the bushes."

The creature then went back to its machine, Reeves said, and dropped two pieces of clothing like paper. Reeves later retrieved them and said they had "very queer writing on them."

Rev. Henry Mellon
(Distinguished Jewish speaker)
will speak on

The Novena of Grace
March 4 to 12

Rev. Mellon will also conduct
Wednesday Lenten Series after
the noon Mass. There will be
a 5:30 evening mass daily during Lent.

St. Joseph Parish
Market & San Fernando St.


- page 42 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FLORIDA LANDING CALLED HOAX BY AIR FORCE: A well-publicized saucer landing near Brooksville, Florida, last March 2nd, is apparently a hoax - according to Investigators from nearby McDill Air Force Base and a gentlemen named Dr. C. W. Beales, a Pan American Airways technical staff member who can-ducted an additional investigation.

The newspaper accounts tell how John F. Reeves claims to have stumbled on the landed UFO while walking in the woods near Brooksville. The incident supposedly occurred in mid-afternoon, at a point a little over a mile from Florida's Route 50. The strange machine from outer space was about 700 yards away from him when Reeves first spotted it. He had worked his way to within 100 feet of the object when a robb-like creature appeared and walked toward him, stopping less than 15 feet away. Reeves said the creature wore a gray canvas-type suit with a glass dome helmet. The creature was about five feet tall, stocky in build, and appeared to have a dark tan flash. He had more rather about than a normal human's, and was pointed at him an object resembling a camera. There was a flash from this camera, and as it flashed a second time, Reeves panicked and ran off into the bushes. A few seconds later, just after the camera flashed, a third time, the creature re-entered his flying saucer, which was 20 to 30 feet in diameter and 6 feet high, with two windows at the top. The machine stood on four-legged landing gear, according to Reeves' account. Thereafter, some blades on the trim started to move, until the entire rim itself was moving in a counterclockwise direction. The machine made a whistling and rumbling noise, and then started rising slightly up. It was out of sight within 10 seconds.

As the spaceman headed back toward his saucer, he had dropped two pieces of clothlike papers, which Reeves later picked up. These were eventually submitted to Air Force experts at Wright-Patterson. The investigators found nothing weird or unusual about the papers, and some mysterious writing thereon was translated into English by a simple method of substituting letters of our own Earth-bound alphabet. The message reads in part: "Planet Mars - Are you coming home soon - We miss you very much - Why did you stay away too long." As a SAUCER NEWS exclusively, we have reproduced part of the first page below, with the Air Force's translation and notations on it.

The Air Force also stated that various flaws were found in Reeves' story, and that there was no evidence of any abnormal disturbance or radioactivity at the landing site. Four holes in the ground, supposedly caused by the landing gear, appeared to have been scooped or dug as opposed to indentations caused by an object of considerable weight.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION

UNCLASSIFIED

[The bottom of the page contains what appears to be a coded or foreign language text, which I cannot translate or interpret.]


- page 43 -

AIR FORCE STATEMENT ON BROOKSVILLE, FLORIDA, UFO SIGHTING, 2 MARCH 1965

The alleged landing of a vehicle from outer space at Brooksville, Florida, on 2 March 1965, was apparently a hoax according to information obtained by Air Force Investigators from MacDill AFB, Florida, and Dr. G. W. Bemiss, Pan American Airways technical staff member of the Eastern Test Range, who conducted an additional investigation. The report submitted to the Air Force investigators by the alleged eyewitness contained several statements which cannot be confirmed as facts. The spacecraft allegedly took off straight up at 5000 miles per hour and was out of sight in ten seconds. It is extremely doubtful that a twenty to thirty-foot object could have been seen for more than five seconds at which time the object would have reached an altitude of 36,430 feet. The blast-off from a vehicle taking off at this speed would have disturbed the sand and soil in the immediate area. There was no evidence of any abnormal disturbance in the area. The sketch of the alleged spacecraft showed four stilt poles as the landing gear. These poles protruded from the spacecraft at an angle. The holes which were purportedly caused by the landing gear were straight and appeared to have been scooped or dug as opposed to indentations caused by an object of any sizeable weight. There was no radioactivity in the area. Two papers which contained unreadable hieroglyphics were reportedly dropped by an occupant of the spacecraft. An analysis was made of these papers by the Institute of Paper Chemistry in Appleton, Wisconsin. This analysis indicated that the paper is composed of fibers which are common worldwide. The fiber composition corresponds to that used in lens and stencil papers. The hieroglyphics on one of the papers was deciphered by means of simple substitution and was determined to be the work of an amateur. The deciphered hieroglyphics


- page 44 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

PAGE FOUR                                                                                 The Interplanetary Intelligence Report                                                                                MAY, 1965

UFO Lands?
UFO LANDS AT BROOKSVILLE
By Joan Whitenour
East Coast Headquarters
HIOUFQ 6464
34 Ave. N. St.
Petersburg, Fla.

Mr. John Reeves, a resident of a trailer park near here told of seeing a flying saucer with a robot-like pilot, which he first saw while taking a walk in the woods.

It as being about 700 yards away and it was blueish-green and reddish-purple in color, about 20 to 30 feet in diameter with two windows on top. The windows, he said, were about two ft. in diameter. It stood on a four-legged landing gear about four ft. high with a top about six feet thick.

ENCOUNTERS PILOT

Reeves described the robot thus:
"About five feet tall with a human-like figure. Wearing a canvas-like suit of a gray-silver color with a glass dome helmet. He said the eyes were fortified more than a normal human's and its chin more pointed; but added this could have been caused by glass distortion. He pulled something from his left side. Lifted it to chin level and it flashed. He flashed again and I took off from the base. As I ran my glasses fell off and I just lay there. He chased the thing again and walked back to his saucer." "There was some kind of opening under the saucer and he got inside." Reeves said the opening had round, cylindrical steps leading up into it.

Reeves' sketch of the vehicle showed four stiff pole for landing gear, which protruded at an angle. However, the four holes found in the ground were straight and appeared to have been dug.

No radioactivity was found in the area.

The two "space papers" were found to be composed of fliers common all over the world and corresponded to the world used for writing. It was foil paper. The hieroglyphics found on the paper were deciphered to read: "We will be back soon—we will be back soon—we miss you very much—why did you stay away too long." Tears on the paper were conducted at the Institute of Paper Chemistry, Appleton, Wis.

Reeves statement after hearing the Air Force conclusion stated: "Maybe they don't know what happened. I saw another country on this earth than the United States with a flying saucer before, but I do now. The Air Force is just trying to shut this whole thing up."

See photographs in the July issue of the Interplanetary Intelligence Report, of the landing hole and part of the craft left behind by the Alien and photo of the two pieces of paper that were also left behind.

BACKED BY NEIGHBORS

I did some intensive investigation into the Brooksville affair and I found that the story was backed by Mr. Reeves. They believe that he really saw what he says he did. This landing is unique in that evidence was left behind in the form of the two pieces of paper and many others, that we will all grow long, gray beards before we hear any official confirmation of this case.

Photo credit: St. Petersburg Times, March 5, 1965.

AIR FORCE CONCLUSION: Hoax

The alleged spaceship landing at Brooksville on March 2, was officially termed a hoax by the Air Force.

The sighting-landing was investigated by Capt. George W. Hoover, Capt. J. A. Carmel and by Dr. A. C. Bemiss, Pan American Airways technical staff man.

The Air Force found it "extremely doubtful" that a 20-30 foot object could have taken off at the alleged rate of 5,000 MPH in vertical ascent and been seen for any more than five seconds.

The vehicle would have reached an altitude of 36,430 feet in that time. There was also no evidence of blast-off.


- page 45 -

March 17, 1965

Major Hector Quintanilla
UFO Office
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base

Dear Major:

The enclosed clipping will show you how we handled the information on the Florida sightings.

We would appreciate knowing the outcome of the paper and symbol studies, but believe it is possible to call daily in order to keep on top of it. Would it be possible for you to let us know when those reports are back? If the expert decides the tissue is made from some stiff textile linen cleverly brewed in someone's basement, or if it can't figure out what it is, either would make an interesting story before your final evaluation is released.

We appreciate the assistance you gave; and wish you luck in ferreting out the final answer.

Cordially,
Alan Pents
Greenville Advocate
Greenville, Ohio


- page 46 -

Here is the text from the document:

Advocate
Wednesday, March 17, 1965

THE WEATHER
FOR GREENVILLE AND VICINITY:
Warmer tonight, low 38 to 41.
Cloudy, windy and colder Friday.
Yesterday's high 55, low 29. Precipitation: .06.

Phone 548-5787 Before 7 P.M. If Carrier Misses Your Paper    Price Seven Cents

Dear Major:

The enclosed clipping will show you how we handled the information on the Florida sighting.

We would appreciate knowing the outcome of the paper and symbol studies, but hesitate to call daily in order to keep on top of it. Would it be possible for you to let us know when those reports are back? If the paper experts decide the time is made from someone's mettle linen cleverly brewed in someone's basement, or if they can't figure out what it is, either would make an interesting story before your final evaluation is released.

We appreciate the assistance you gave, and wish you luck in ferreting out the final answer.

Cordially
Alan Pents
Greenville Advocate
Greenville, Ohio


- page 47 -

Here is the OCR text from the newspaper page:

News Of The World
Full Leased Wire Report
United Press International
Full NEA Picture Service
Only Daily Newspaper
In Darke County

Greenville
Vol. 81, No. 268                    Greenville, Ohio 45331, We

MAY HAVE ANSWER SOON-

UFO Mystery
Under Study
By ALAN PENTZ

It the Unidentified Flying Ob-
ject (UFO) that John Reeves
claims to have seen in Florida
March 7 was a hoax, the U.S.
Air Force expects to know short-

Major Hector Quintanille of
the Air Force's UFO office at
Wright-Patterson Air Base said
today that several steps have
been taken to evaluate the sight-
ing.

The major said one of the two
issue documents which Reeves
claims were dropped by the
space craft's occupant has been
sent to the Paper Industry In-
stitute for examination. That

authority will analyze the
paper's content and decide
whether it's from outer space or
wrapping paper from a Chinese
laundry.

While that phase of the investigation is going on, interpreters
at the Library of Congress are
examining the symbols found
on the two manuscripts. Major
Quintanille said language experts studied the symbols, but
were unable to identify them.
What the Air Force is looking for is a symbol that will
reveal that the writer was cobbling from an earthly language.

So far, the major said, they
found to bear no resemblance
to any known written language.

88 Sightings
The Air Force major said during the months of January and
February, 88 sightings were reported to the UFO office. That
figure is less than has been reported in the past.

A great many of the sightings
are added, are valid. Often they
are satellites re-entering the
earth's atmosphere. Others plunging
through the heavens. When
such an object is sighted, the
same unidentified flying object
the Air Force is usually able to
pinpoint it and give its identity.
Such was the case in 1957
when Sputnik 4 was sighted over
Wisconsin. It was seen by both
ground and satellite observers
soon identified as a "decaying
satellite."

UFO Mystery
(Continued From Page One)
and its occupant (a robot-like
creature) took his picture. In
the picture, the object shows
two manuscripts. A newspaper
grapher made photographs of
manuscripts before the Air
Force confiscated them, and also took pictures of tracks that
Reeves said were made by the
robot and its ship.

The National Investigating
Committee of Aerial Phenomena
(NICAP), a civilian group, is excited about the whole affair because a similar sighting was reported in Australia at approximately the same time.

Major Quintanille said today
that when reports from the
paper specialists and interpreters are returned, the Air Force
will be able to give a more complete evaluation of the case.

On the matter of public interest in the work of UFO, the Major said he is well aware of it.
Particularly at this time of year
with school youngsters preparing term themes, the UFO office is plagued with telephone
calls and letters from the boys
and authors, who often want a
complete resume of the Air
Force's UFO operation.

The office is the official government center for collecting
and evaluating evidence when
there is a report of an unidentified flying object.

Some of the reports turn out
to be the work of crackpots or
pranksters. Others are valid
and easily explainable.

Just isn't saying whether the
Reeves' affair will be reduced to
any easy answer.

(Continued On Page Sixteen)


- page 48 -

Here is the text from the document:

Greenville Advocate
GREENVILLE, OHIO

Major Hector Quintanilla
UFO Office
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio


- page 49 -

Here is the text I can extract from the document:

THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN

PAGE 7

"Footprints" of "robot" reportedly observed by John Reeves

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing what seems to be tree branches and a textured or stippled background, with a caption describing "footprints" of a "robot" reportedly seen by John Reeves.


- page 50 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOURNAL HERALD
Friday, March 5, 1965
Dayton, Ohio

Queer Thing Happened
On His Walk In Woods

By United Press International
BROOKSVILLE, Fla. - A retired longshoreman said yesterday that while walking through the woods he came upon a flying saucer and a weird robot-like creature who flashed at him, left him a couple of sheets of "very queer writing" and sped away into space.

John F. Reeves, who said he is 60, told Air Force officials he was the man who saw the strange object. Reeves, who once was a longshoreman in Brooklyn, said he thought the creature from outer space was taking snapshots of him.

He gave the papers the creature's description: "Were from outer space."

The Air Force team, after talking to Reeves, visited the woods and said it would send its report to Project Bluebook at Wright-Patterson Air Force base at Dayton, O., which investigates unidentified flying objects.

Officials at MacDill said the investigation was routine, made whenever "aerial phenomenon" is reported.

Reeves said he stumbled across this phenomenon in the woods between Brooksville and Weekiwachee Tuesday afternoon.

He said he first saw the flying saucer about 700 yards away. It was about 25 feet in diameter, six feet high and was squatting in the forest on a four-legged landing gear. "It was bluish-green and reddish-purple," he said, and two windows on top.

He worked his way to within about 100 feet of the object, the creature appeared. It walked toward him, Reeves said, and stopped less than 15 feet away.

It was about five feet tall, stocky, and wearing a gray canvas-like suit with a glass helmet. Reeves said. It appeared to have dark tan flesh, but everything except the face was covered. He said. He said its eyes were farther apart and its chin more pointed than a Earthman's.

"He walked over to within 35 feet of me and looked right at me," Reeves said. "I stared back."

Hard to Believe?
What is about 25 feet in diameter, bluish-green and reddish-purple and has two windows on top? Better still, what is five-feet tall, has a pointed chin off dark tan flesh and takes pictures?

Don't know? Neither do Air Force authorities, but hope to find out. They are investigating a new report of a flying saucer and its pilot.

John F. Reeves, a retired longshoreman, claims he spotted the space visitor in the woods between Brooksville and Weekiwachee, Fla. Not only did the creature flash at him with what appeared to be a camera, but left behind some cloth-like paper with some strange writing on it.

So information on the new saucer sighting will wend its way to the dark labyrinth of Project Bluebook at Wright-Patterson Air Force base. There, a special team will carefully examine the paper with the strange markings. Authorities will weigh Mr. Reeves' reliability and take full stock of the saucer description.

Then will follow silence, vague references or charges of hallucination or hoax. Some may find it hard to take the matter seriously. Others, in their hearts, may disbelieve from the start.

And who knows? In some far off never-never land, a panel of five-foot creatures with pointed chins may be shaking their heads over a picture of a retired longshoreman. "Zorbat, you clod, you've taken too much radiation again."


- page 51 -

Here is the text from the document:

THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN                                                MARCH/APRIL, 1965

PAGE 6

Landing...
(Continued from page 4)

was in Mr. Reeves's complete concern was in Mr. Reeves's complete concern about the Polygraph test outcome. It is my opinion therefore, that he was truthfully telling in all respects.

Further correlation was determined from the handwriting analysis of Mr. John P. Reeves obtained March 14, 1965 relative to his character. From the examination of his writing it is my opinion that he is a man who gives average attention to details and does not reflect an imaginative nature. There is a moderate degree of aggressiveness and he is not worked up as I don't care attitude and he has an I don't care attitude. Generally he is not to talk about and close friends do not care fully. There is generosity reflected as well as a philosophical thinking. He has not determination but his enthusiasm is not of long endurance. He has a practical mature and no indication of being crude.

Unquote. Signed by E. J. Edwards,
Examiner.

The latter puts an entirely different light on the purported polygraph test supposedly fostered by Life magazine. It also leaves more...


- page 52 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

PAGE 4                    THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN                    MARCH-APRIL, 1965

Landing ...
(Continued from page 3)

alphabet) used on the first page, only the letters D, E, C, and M were repeated on the next page, and a considerable number of new glyphs appeared on the second page—too many for the missing 7 letters of the alphabet.

The two pages of "writing" seemed to have been written rather than drawn, and the two pages appeared to have been produced by two different writers.

One small paragraph in the AF's statement of the Reeves case was puzzling: "The Air Force concluded that it wasn't feasible to expend any more funds to analyze and decipher the second sheet with the code broken on 16 of the 25 letters of the alphabet, it should have been comparatively easy to do so." In reply to this, the second sheet, as we found to be the case.

In the April-May issue of the NICAP Investigator, it is stated on Page 8 column two, under the heading, "Reeves Story," that a NICAP Sun Coast Subcommittee interviewed Reeves before AF investigators. We had been assured by phone that outside of him and Fish, no one had interviewed Reeves before the Air Force got to him. It is a mystery to us why any UFO Investigator would idly stand by and let material evidence such as the pieces of paper (here were two) get out of his hands.

The Investigator also states that the message on the paper read, in part: "Planet Mars, where are you ... ?" The actual message reads: "Mars—are you coming home soon—we may be too late." This is in the interest of accuracy.

Which brings up another point: There is a strange breakdown in the English of the last sentence of that "message" I suppose as though someone not entirely conversant with the English language wrote it.

Johnson now claims that the paper returned to Reeves by the AF is not the same which Reeves gave them.

Adding all these facts up, we cannot turn our backs on the two possibilities.
1. That the whole incident is a hoax.
If this is so, Reeves had help—possibly by hypnosis was used. Whoever participated in the hoax, however, would have had to have a very intimate knowledge of UFO lore.

2. The whole incident was real and the most important evidence—the paper

The above script on "strange paper" was allegedly dropped by "space men" in Weeks-Wachi Springs Incident.

—was in part a hoax. This would be possible if UFO contacts with Mars are not translatable fake or cover message folded in with any written matter in their possession to throw investigators off the track or to label any indefensible observers of them or their craft as hoaxers.

The facts and the strange going-on in Florida indicate the former and it is the opinion of this office that this case cannot be called completely closed—not yet.

The latest development in the Reeves' case is a polygraph test conducted by the Edwards Polygraph Service of Orlando, Florida, the results of which were kindly forwarded to APRO by Mr. Robert S. Carr of Clearwater, who is a well-known author and UFO researcher. We quote from the letter:

"This Polygraph examination was conducted in the home of Mr. John F. Reeves, Brooksville, Florida on May 13, 1965 at approximately 3:30 P.M. There were seven tests conducted in all and the testing was terminated at approximately 5:15 P. M. The first three tests were indoctrination tests to determine his ability of reacting to guilt deception. The four following tests were conducted specifically on the main pertinent questions regarding his sightings.

"RESULTS: In my opinion, the indoctrination tests reflected that he was a normal reactor and had guilt complex reaction when he attempted deception. It is my further opinion, that after careful examination of the four separate tests in which the pertinent questions were asked regarding the sightings, there was no indication of any deception to any of the pertinent questions asked.

"CONCLUSION: It is therefore my opinion, that John F. Reeves has answered all pertinent questions truthfully, regarding the experience he had when he stated he saw a UFO and occupant on March 2, 1965 at Brooksville, Florida. A further and most significant point of interest is all the conclusions of the Mr. Reeves first remarked: 'now would you like to see the place where I saw the saucer?' The usual reaction of a guilty subject with respect to not answering truthfully would have more likely been, 'well, how did I make out?' There (See "Landing", page 8)


- page 53 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

MARCH-APRIL, 1965                    THE A. P. R. O. BULLETIN                    PAGE 9

Landing ...
(Continued from page 1)

roughly five feet tall and clothed in a
white or light gray, self-appearing suit, a stop
which was a helmet much like a glass
bubble with a neck ring which rested lightly
on its shoulders. The head inside was
covered by dark material which covered
the hair area. The ears, mouth and nose
appeared normal but the eyes were large
and very wide set, with a "flat area" between. The hands were covered by mittens which appeared to be very pliable
and the same color as the suit. Reeves
did not notice the footgear.

The craft was about 20-50 feet in diameter, and approximately 8 feet thick.
Around the circumference of the airfoil
were what appeared to be portholes or
blinds. Shortly after the "creature" got
into the craft, these slats began to open
and close and a rumbling noise was
heard. Then the airfoil began to turn
counter-clockwise, and the rumbling was
replaced with a whistling sound. The
object elevated, the gear lifted and became horizontal with the ship and then
slid into the belly of it. The overall color
of the object was "like a soap bubble"—
iridescent, with red-purple and green-
blue predominating.

When the "creature" got into the object he entered by way of a cylindrical
shaft (actually a half-cylinder) into
which area led directly into the craft
another way to enter, which was into
the lower flap folded up into place. When the creature disappeared
into the ship the cylinder-like ladder
drew up inside.

Very little of the foregoing information
was gathered from the press—most of it
came from Reeves himself, via telephone
conversations and direct contact by a
Florida APRO member. Some very queer
and interesting situations developed during the course of the investigation.

On the face of it, it would seem, at
first, that the sighting was a genuine one.
Reeves, although not technically knowledgeable, did not seem to be unreliable
and seemed to be a good observer. Various points about the "craft" and "creature" correlated with known facts about
the UFO sightings in the past. The
"pointed chin" correlated with a sighting
in Brazil in 1957 which had not, at that
time, been published. The "strange eyes"
and the helmet-like covering of the hair
correlates with types described by Michel
Bourret in his book on UFOs (Flying Saucers and the Straight Line Mystery). The
shape of the craft is, of course, similar
to the well-known Saturn shape (such as
the famous IGY Trindade Island object).

and could not be convinced that there
was one when he didn't see one. He also
did not notice foot gear which is unusual
in the case of a hoax. Usually the hoaxer
has an answer for everything.

One of our members in St. Petersburg,
Mrs. Helen Hartman, (to whom we talked) for volunteering information, stated that she had talked with Johnson and had asked pertinent questions about
the landing and had been told things exactly reliable.

Life Magazine supposedly was interested in the story. They also reportedly
had a lie-detector test given Reeves and
the test indicated that Reeves was not
telling the truth.

Unfortunately, the physical evidence
(footprints, gear prints, etc.) was destroyed by rain on the night of the third.
Unfortunately, also, the photographs
taken by press photographer Frank Fish,
which were hawked to interested parties
for $50.00 per set, were photographs of
a couple of the footprints only, whereas
distance photos of the area showing all
the footprints or a large number of
same, should have been made. To our
knowledge no measurements or other
tests were made.

The question arises: Why did Reeves
wait a whole day to report his experience? This has not been satisfactorily
explained—he says he stayed awake the
whole night trying to decide what to do
about the event. We find this somewhat naive when one considers the
known circumstances.

Reeves arrived at the Radio Station at
noon on the 3rd, and Woody Johnson,
manager of WJB, called McDill Field.
Three investigators from MacDill showed
up about 3:30—a record where UFO investigation is concerned. The questioning Reeves at the station, then went
with him to the site of the purported
landing and viewed it, questioning him
further.

On the basis of what we had learned,
we dispatched another Florida member
with the prints and other data. He felt
a hoax was afoot. Meanwhile, having
paid $300.00 for the pictures, including
the writing (reproduced here) we were
concerned about our position concerning
the whole situation.

We were assured by Woody Johnson
that he and Frank Fish were the first
and only individuals to interview Reeves
before the Air Force arrived. When we
finally received the photos from Johnson,
the accompanying letter read, verbatim:
"Thank you very much for your letter of
the 13th, enclosing check for glossy
prints, which we believe you will find
most interesting. As agreed these prints
are not to be released or reproduced
(those containing symbols) without written consent of Frank Fish or W. W. John-

son. The enclosed prints have been released to APRO and advice of NICAP.
"Information on other sightings included in your letter of the 13th, was
most interesting. We would like to have
your opinion and comments regarding
the enclosed prints after review." Unquote.

Lorenzo had written to Johnson
and had asked pertinent questions about
the landing site, none of which Johnson
was able to answer. The only thing we
were able to gain was the pictures which
showed little. The footprints are so clear
that they look as though they could have
been made with a weighted object; there
is no characteristic scuffing. The sequence of footprints indicates a very short
stride, and a rather "knockdown" walk.
This is not out of line, however, for a
"robot" who walked with a stiff-legged
gait.

On the 1st of April, Air Force spokesmen announced their decision that the
Brooksville incident was a hoax. They
said it had been investigated by MacDill
AFB personnel and Dr. C. W. Bemiss,
Pan American Airways technical staff
man. Tests of the pieces of paper were
conducted at the Institute of Paper Chemistry at Appleton, Wisconsin, and according to the AF report, "we found to be
composed of fibers common all over the
world and corresponding to the fibers
used for lens tissue or stencil paper."
This statement, although probably not
too well represented by the press, is not
exactly enough for a scientific evaluation.

The type of paper and its make should
have been determined. Johnson had informed APRO that the paper would not
tear, and a burned sample almost
explosively. This description does not
fit lens or stencil paper.

The Air Force statement also said that
the AF found it "extremely doubtful" to
believe that a 20-30 foot object could have
taken off at the alleged rate of 5,000
mph in vertical ascent and been seen for
only a few seconds. This is a reasonable
consideration that Reeves admits he is
not knowledgeable in technical matters
and estimation of speed, etc., his estimates
of the time it took for the object to disappear from sight is not a point to be
seriously questioned and used for evaluation of authenticity.

The "hieroglyphics" were found by the
AF to be the "work of an amateur" and
they were deciphered by "simple substitution". We can agree with the latter,
but there are certain facts about those
glyphs which should not be overlooked.
Using the AF's translation of the one
page, we found they did not apply to
the second page and that indeed, of the
18 symbols (out of a possible 25 in our

(See "Landing", page 4)


- page 54 -

reads as follows: "Planet Mars - Are you coming home soon - We miss you very much - Why did you stay away too long". Since no other implications were apparent, it was not feasible for the Air Force to expend further time and money in deciphering the second sheet: Based on the above, it is the opinion of the Air Force that an attempt was made to perpetrate a hoax.


- page 55 -

THE FLORIDA "LANDING" INCIDENT

On the 3rd of March 1965, 65-year-old John Reeves of Weeklwachi Springs, Florida, walked into the office of Radio Station WWJB in Brooksville and told a strange story of his purported encounter with a robot-like creature and its space ship on the preceding day. His story:

At about 1:15 in the afternoon of the second, he was walking about 1 1/2 miles from his home when he saw on the "flats" an unusual looking object. He approached it via a circuitous route and when about 150 feet from the object he stopped and just looked at it. Shortly he was startled to see in an area a small distance from the "craft", a spacecraft figure which came out of the brush and approached the object. It had traversed about half the distance between its original position and the craft, when it stopped, turned, spotted Reeves and started toward him. It got to within 15 feet of Mr. Reeves, stopped, pulled a squarish black object with rounded edges "out of its left side", and held it at chin level. The object flashed, "like lightning at night", according to Reeves. Reeves turned and ran. In running he knocked his glasses off on a bush, stopped to get them and his hat fell off. Sitting there in a crouched position, he looked around and the "robot" object flashed again. Then the creature turned and walked back to the "saucer" and entered it. Shortly the object rose into the sky at high speed and disappeared.

IMPORTANT NOTICE
As of 1 July 1965, APRO's new address will be 310 E. Kleindale Road, Tucson, Arizona. All communications should be sent to that address.

After the craft landing and two sheets of Kleenex-like paper really folded and lying on the ground. He picked them up and took them home with him. He also noted an abundance of strange footprints.

(See drawings and photos for ear imprints, footprints and shape of UFO).
The "robot" described by Reeves was (See "Landing", page 3)


- page 56 -

United Press International Photo

HE HAS
STORY TO TELL

Brooksville, Fla. March 5—
John Reeves tells of seeing a
flying saucer. He reported a
"robot" figure with human
features got out of the saucer,
apparently snapped Reeves
picture with a camera. He described the robot as climbing
into the saucer which took off
and disappeared. Reeves said
the mysterious visitor left behind some paraphernalia-like
sheets with mysterious writing on them.

MYTH OR REAL?


- page 57 -

The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page. There is a page number "1" at the top left corner of the page. The rest of the page is white/gray with some very faint specks or noise typical of an old scanned document. There is a small rectangular stamp or marking in the bottom left corner, but the text within it is not clearly legible. No other text is visible on this page.


- page 58 -

Diameter of Object observed: says 20-30 ft, according to dimensions of holes it was possibly only 13-114 ft in diameter.

Holes - says 4-5 inches diameter, 4 inches deep. Mac Dill AFB says 8 inch diameter, 6 inches deep. Photo shows holes 7½ inch diameter.

Photos show leaves in hole are not crushed. If something the size of this chip would have landed, leaves and grass would have been pushed to bottom of hole. Also hole looks like it was dug with small sand shovel or something like a pole digger.

Picture of holes indicates something larger hit right above the hole, about 1½ inches wide circling hole. Sketch did not indicate this.

If was already in bushes how could he take off for bushes.

"Opening under the saucer x and he got inside" said he saw only one robot." Tape said "they were going up one at a time, - after they were all in there." "It seemed right near us" (some witnesses) and he was only 15 minutes. Goettle said there were no footprints under alleged saucer. News clipping.

"There was some kind of an opening under the saucer..."

"Chamber it went up inside." If didn't go down to area how could he see a chamber go up into the ship, when chamber was only 4ft off ground.

News clipping said "he didn't go very far from saucer" referring to the robot. If chamber was within 100 ft of saucer and robot came to 15 ft of holes, robot would have had to gone farther away from saucer.

Photo shows a bush and tree area. How could a person see an object 700 yards away, only ten foot high, diameter 15-30 ft, squatting on a four legged landing gear.

If was so scared he couldn't blink an eye, just how could he remember so much and move so much.

One article says, "it dropped pieces of material." Tape says "then I went down and looked, and I found some very, some kind of writing material with some very queer writing on it.


- page 59 -

STATEMENTS:

In K_______ statement to MacDill investigation team, he said the object had a total height of 10 feet, and omitted this portion in his tape speech at the scene with_________ (How determined).

In K_______ statement with________ he started to say there was something else when he went up to the bushes then stopped, changed his statement. (WHY?)

Mr_______ didn't describe the color of the object on the scene with Leonard.

Mr_______ said the Robot man came within 15 feet from the bushes, then he said where he was. He first said he was stooping down behind the bushes. (Where was he when the Robot thing came up to the bushes?)

Mr_______ said "He got up again" and took another picture of me. (WHO IS HE?)

Mr_______ said he went within 100 feet of the object. Wearing glasses and at that distance are you going to count steps also with them being circular.

Mr_______ is saying they, he first said there was a Robot man. Now he is speaking of more than one.

Mr_______ said there was a gear box on the side of the body, body or what could be the ship, if it was on the ship and if the steps were inside, how could they turn this gear box on, and if it was on the Robot man, Mr_______ said this is the thing he thought was the camera.

With Mr_______ being scared and with his glasses knocked off, he sure got good measurements of the box which was attached to the Robot, 6 x 6, (not an approx-ment).

Mr_______ said on his tape that he observed the Robot man for 1 - 2 minutes.

In his present to MacDill he said 20-25 minutes.

Mr_______ said there was a flash to MacDill, with no exhaust, if there was a flash what about an exhaust.

Mr_______ diagram shows the steps straight, with a hatch door on the upper portion of the ship. He doesn't mention this in his statements.

The writing on the two diagrams are not the same.

Mr_______ statement to MacDill he said it went straight up. In his tape he said he thought it went straight up.


- page 60 -

NEWSPAPER CLIPPING:
Newspaper clippings said, Mr [redacted] said, it made a whistling sound.
[redacted] said in his statements it made a thunder sound.

PHOTOGRAPHS:
Mr [redacted] said in his tape there were many footprints, the photos only [redacted] know one person.

The holes are to shallow for an object this size to make. Also the leaves in the hole are not pressed into the ground.

With an object, with speed in excess to 5,000 mph, would surely distribute the grass, sand, and debris around the hole and area.


- page 61 -

Hernando County Sheriff's office, Brooksville, Florida, area code 305, 796-3541

On 16 March 1965 we placed a call to Sheriff Sim L Lourman at the abovenumber.
He was in a meeting at the time. We spoke to Deputy Gaines who was familiar
with the Reeve's case. Gaines was out there at the same time the Air Force office
was. Did Lourman actually go out to the sighting itself. He didn't go out to the
sighting. Newspaper quotes them as going out there, and we would like a law
enforcement's opinion. Gaines said it was pretty soft earth. We told him that
there were some contradictory statements. Lourman and Gaines were going out there
to the sighting but they had to get a car out of the sand that was stuck. Gaines
said it was hard to believe _______ story. He thought that _______ was just having
his day of glory. We told him that we needed a motive for _______ doing something
of this sort. Gaines said he felt that _______ was getting older and wanted his
picture in the paper and got his day of glory, like some people get there day in
jail he gets his in glory.


- page 62 -

Here is the text from the document:

News Of The World
Full Leased Wire Report
United Press International and
Full NEA Picture Service
Only Daily Newspaper
In Darke County

Greenville
Vol. 81, No. 285

Weekly Advocate Established 1855
Daily Advocate Established 1881

Greenville, Ohio 45331

THE WEATHER
FOR GREENVILLE AND
VICINITY:
Clear tonight, low 45. Fair, mild
Wednesday, high 65. Yesterday's
high 58, low 41. Precipitation: .06.

Tuesday, April 6, 1965                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                "Price Seven Cents

UFO Sleuthing Tabs
Spaceman Tale Hoax
By ALAN PENTZ
Scientific investigation and de-
duction being what they are,
here just isn't my romance left
in telling tall tales.

The U.S. Air Force at Wright-
Patterson said today that the re-
port of an unidentified flying ob-
ject (UFO) near Brooksville, on
March 2 was someone's attempt
at a hoax.

At the same time, he pointed
out four impressive pieces of
physical evidence which he said
snapped pictures of the impres-
sions before they were destroy-
ed by rain and crowds of cur-
iosity.

The Air Force likes to keep
track of such things - it is a
matter of national security to
know what is flying in the sky.

Investigators from the Air
Force seized the manuscript
and sent them to Wright-Patter-
son where a special staff coordi-
nating information for Uniden-
tified Flying Objects (UFO).
Today the Air Force issued the
following statement:

"The alleged landing of a vehicle from outer space at Brooks-
ville, Florida, on 2 March 1965,
was apparently a hoax, accord-
ing to information obtained by
the Air Force investigation from
the alleged witnesses.

The report submitted to the
Air Force investigators by the
alleged eyewitnesses can not be
confirmed as facts.

The spacecraft allegedly took
off straight up at 5000 miles per
hour and was out of sight in ten
seconds. It is extremely doubtful
that a heavy to blurry-foot object
could move that fast for more
than five seconds at which time

(Continued On Page Eight)

UFO Sleuthing
(Continued From Page One)

an altitude of 36,150 feet. The
blast-off from a vehicle taking
off at such a speed would have
disturbed the sand and soil in the
immediate area. There was no
evidence of any abnormal disturbance in the area.

Protruding Poles
The sketch of the alleged
spacecraft showed two vertical
poles as the landing gear. These
poles protruded from the spacecraft at an angle. The holes
which were purportedly caused
by the landing gear were straight
and appeared to have been
made by a post hole digger. No
deviations caused by an object
of any size were evident. There
was no radioactivity in the area.

Two papers which contained
unreadable hieroglyphics were
reportedly dropped by an occupant of the spacecraft. An analysis was made of these papers
by the Institute of Paper Chemistry in Appleton, Wisconsin. This analysis indicated that the paper is
composed of fibers which are
common worldwide. The fiber
composition corresponds to that
used in lens and stencil papers.

The hieroglyphics on one of the
papers was deciphered by means
of simple substitution and was
determined to be the work of an
amateur. The deciphered hieroglyphics reads as follows:
— Are you coming home
soon — We miss you very much
— why did you stay away too
long —

There are no other implications
were apparent. It was not feasible for a detailed analysis
further time and money in deciphering the second sheet. Based on the above, it is the opinion
of the Air Force that an attempt
was made to perpetrate a hoax.
With the UFO headquarters
every tall story of visitors from
outer space, and other military
and scientific men equally busy
proving the moon is covered with
deep dust, what chance is there
for romance to survive?


- page 63 -

Here is the text from the document:

"The Latest 'Contact!'"

I Stared Back...'
Man Recounts Run-In
With Saucer, Robot

BROOKSVILLE (F)—"It made a whistling noise and went straight up at 5,000 miles an hour or even faster," retired longshoreman John P. Reeves said yesterday describing a flying saucer he claims to have stumbled onto while on a walk in the woods near here.

Reeves, 60, who lives alone on a trailer park west of here, told of breaking through some bushes about a mile and three-quarters off Highway 50 at mid-afternoon and coming face to face with a robot-type creature that appeared to take his picture.

He said he worked his way to within about 100 feet of the object when the robot-type creature approached and walked toward him, stopping less than 15 feet away.

Reeves said the robot wore a gray canvas-type suit with a tall dome, being about 5 feet tall and stocky.

"He walked over to within 15 feet of me and looked right at me," Reeves said. "I stared back at his glass dome."

He described the creature as appearing to have dark human-like features. He said it had eyes farther apart than a normal human's and had a more pointed chin.

"IT DIDN'T MAKE A SOUND. it just stared at me," he said.

"I couldn't even blink as I was so scared," Reeves said the creature then lifted what he believes to have been a camera to chin level, pointed it at him and flashed again and took off from the bushes," Reeves said.

Reeves said the creature flashed a third time and then lifted two pieces of cloth-like paper as it rose. The flying saucer was described as 30 to 30 feet in diameter and six feet high and stood on a four-legged landing gear.

The flying saucer and robot-type creature in color with two windows on top," Reeves said.

Reeves said he saw only one robot and it dropped two pieces of cloth-like paper as it headed back to the saucer. Reeves said he received the papers and they had "very queer writing."

"THEY WERE FROM OUTER SPACE," he said.

He said that after the robot entered the machine, some blades on the rim started to move like venetian blinds, working and whirling.

Then the saucer started making around counterclockwise. Reeves said "it made a whistling and rumbling noise and then started straight up. It was out of sight in 10 seconds."

The incident occurred in the wooded area near Brooksville in West Central Florida area often and this was the first time he had seen or heard anything unusual.

The two pieces of paper are turned over to investigating team from Macdill Air Force Base in Tampa. The investigation of this and other reports of routine one made wherever any "aerial phenomena" is reported. The Air Force team talked to Reeves and visited the wooded areas.

The base said the team will send its report directly to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio.

This unit investigates all reports of unidentified flying objects.

TAMPA, FLORIDA, FRIDAY, MARCH 5, 1965


- page 64 -

Here is the text from the document:

BROOKSVILLE MAN'S STORY:
'I Saw A Flying Saucer
.. A Robot-Like Thing'

By SHIRLEY CHASTAIN
And ROBERT BOWDEN
Of The Times Staff

BROOKSVILLE -- A trailer-load of a flying saucer with a robot-like pilot was reported yesterday by John Reeves, resident of a trailer park 3½ miles east of Weeki Wachee Springs and ¾ miles northwest of Highway 50.

Reeves said he saw the flying saucer with four-legged landing gear and in its five foot-tall humanlike figure with humanlike features. Tuesday afternoon intelligence officers from MacDill Air Force Base were called to investigate the weird tale after Reeves came into downtown Brooksville and showed residents two pieces of paper he said had been left by the space man.

Capt. Raymond Henry, public information officer at the MacDill Air Force Base, said the Air Force takes no responsibility in the Air Force to investigate any reported sightings of unidentified flying objects. In the with this, a team of three men from MacDill were sent to investigate.

He said he had not been in touch with the investigators nor would he see their report before it is forwarded to Project Blue Book Base, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio.

Capt. Henry said Project Blue Book is the name of the Air Force unit assigned to investigate all reports of unidentified flying objects.

"I often walk through these woods," Reeves said, "to hunt snakes for my son in the Navy. He studies them and I've supplied quite a few. As I walked through some bushes (about 1½ miles from the trailer park), I saw a flying saucer about 100 yards away.

"IT WAS BLUISH-GREEN and reddish-purple in color, about 20 to 30 feet in diameter, with two windows on top. (The windows, he said, were about two feet in diameter.) It stood on a four-legged landing gear about six feet high with a top like a glass dome."

"I went around the bushes, walking back to a hundred yards so I could come in undetected. Then I walked to within a hundred feet of the saucer. I crawled into some bushes to watch it.

"Then I saw something like a robot walk from bushes about 200 to 300 feet away. He came out of the saucer, walked like a robot-like thing with a gait in 15 feet of me and looked right at me. I stared back at his glass dome."

Reeves described the robot thusly: About five feet tall with a human-like figure. Wearing a canvas-like suit of a gray-silver color with a glass dome helmet. He said the robot's eyes were farther apart than a normal human's and its chin was pointed, but added this could have been caused by glass distortion.

"HE LOOKED AT ME for about a minute and I felt, I couldn't even blink an eye."

"Then he pulled something from his left side, lifted it to chin level and it flashed. (Reeves said he thought it was a camera. He described it as being six to seven inches in diameter and black in color.)"

"He flashed again and I took off from the bushes. As I ran out the bushes knocked my hat off and I fell to the ground. My glasses fell off and I just lay there in a kind of sitting position and looked back at the robot. He flashed again and walked away to the saucer.

"There was some kind of an opening under the saucer and he got inside. (Reeves said the opening had round, cylindrical steps leading up to it. He described the chamber as being about 16 inches in diameter.)"

"AFTER HE WAS inside some blades on the rim of the saucer started to move like venetian blinds. They opened and closed, then the rim started going around - counterclockwise. It made a whooshing and rumbling sound and then started going around faster."

"I've heard all the sounds aircraft make and this was unlike any I'd ever heard before."

Reeves said.

"Then the gear retracted into the saucer and the saucer went up in the air. It was out of sight in less than 10 seconds."

Reeves said the robot dropped two pieces of paper on his way back to the saucer. This evidence was found by investigators from MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa.

"These were about 14 inches wide," Reeves said. "They were filled with some circles with dots in them and things that looked like chairs and such."

Hernando County Sheriff Sim L. Lowman last night would say only that he knew "very little" about the report.

An unidentified woman who lives in the vicinity of Reeves's home said "a saucer was seen over a lake near here" but they didn't report it to anyone. "I don't know what they think they were crazy."

By last night, little evidence of the footprints cast by the robot existed. Hard rains began falling about dark.

Accompanying the text is a photograph of a man (John Reeves) with the caption "JOHN REEVES ... tells of flying saucer..."


- page 65 -

F.114
MARCH 2, 1965
BROOKSVILLE, FLA.
OBSERVED
FILE# 110367
IN CUSTODY OF AUDIO-VISUAL DIVISION

1175


- page 66 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

I Stared Back...'
Man Recounts Run-In
With 'Saucer, Robot'
BROOKSVILLE (JP)—"It made a whistling noise and went straight up at 5,000 miles an hour or even faster," Reeves said yesterday in describing a flying saucer he claims to have stumbled onto while on a walk in the woods near here.

Reeves, who admits to being "past 60," told a story Wednesday of coming onto the "flying saucer" in the woods between here and Weekee Wachee on Tuesday afternoon and of a robot-type creature that appeared to take his picture.

He said he worked his way to within about 100 feet of the object when the robot-type creature appeared and walked toward him, stopping less than 15 feet away.

In the meantime, the robot wore a gray canvas-type suit with a glass dome helmet. He described it as being about 5 feet tall and stocky.

"He walked over to within 15 feet of me and looked right at me," Reeves said. "I stared back at his glass dome."

He described the creature as appearing to have dark tan flesh, and added that "everything except the face was human's and had a more pointed chin."

"IT DIDN'T MAKE A SOUND, it just stared at me," he said.

"I couldn't even blink an eye I was so scared."

Reeves said the creature then lifted what he believes to have been a camera to chin level, pointed it at him and it flashed.

"He flashed again and I took off from the bushes."

Reeves said the creature flashed a third time and then returned and entered the machine. He said the thing that flashed was black and about six to seven inches in diameter.

The flying saucer was described as 20 to 30 feet in diameter and was bluish-green and reddish-purple in color, looking like a huge ear.

It was bluish-green and reddish-purple in color with two windows on top," Reeves said.

Reeves said he saw only the robot and it dropped two pieces of paper near the saucer. He said he and Reeves retrieved the papers and they had "very queer writing" in them.

"THEY WERE FROM OUTER SPACE," he said.

He said that after the robot entered the machine, some blades on the rim started to move like Venetian blinds, working open and shut.

Then the rim started going around counterclockwise.

Reeves said, "It made a whistling and rumbling noise and then started straight up. It was out of sight in 10 seconds."

The incident occurred in the Weeki Wachee Central Florida area often and this was the first time he had seen or heard anything unusual.

The two pieces of paper were turned over to an investigating team from MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa.

The base said the team talked to Reeves and this routine one made whenever any "aerial phenomenon" is reported. The Air Force team talked to Reeves and visited the wooded areas.

The base said the team will send its report directly to the base book at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio.

This unit investigates all reports of unidentified flying objects.


- page 67 -

This case contains 10, 8x10 photos and 5, 4x5" negatives.


- page 68 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing two figures standing in a field or wooded area with bare trees in the background. The image has a high contrast, silhouette-like quality with black and white tones.


- page 69 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing two figures standing in a field with trees in the background. The image has a high contrast, silhouette-like quality, with the figures and trees appearing as dark shapes against a lighter background.


- page 70 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a dense, tangled arrangement of what seem to be branches, grass, or other vegetation with a high-contrast, grainy texture. There are some darker and lighter areas, with some rounded shapes that might be rocks or other objects partially obscured by the vegetation.


- page 71 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a dense, tangled arrangement of thin lines or branches, with some darker and lighter areas. Two circular or spherical shapes are visible in the lower part of the image, surrounded by the intricate network of lines.


- page 72 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a dense, tangled area of vegetation or grass, with various lines, shadows, and textures creating a complex visual pattern.


- page 73 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a dense, tangled area of vegetation or grass, with many overlapping lines and textures creating a complex, scratchy visual pattern.


- page 74 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a landscape with tree branches and foliage. The image is grainy and high-contrast, with branches and twigs visible around the edges of the frame against a lighter background. No text is legible in this image.


- page 75 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing what looks like tree branches or vegetation, with a high contrast between dark and light areas. The image seems somewhat blurry or grainy, typical of older photographic techniques.


- page 76 -

TAB     ITEM

A     INITIAL TRANSMITTAL OF SUBJECTS 9 Mar 65

B     REPORT FROM MOBILE AFB 9 March 1965
     1) I.R.
     2) Taped Interview (Transcription)

C     DR. HYNEK REPORT 16 March 1965

D     EVALUATION OF PHOTO

E     INTERVIEW OF WITNESS

F     LETTER AND PHOTO FROM WITNESS
     (Air Force FTD Labs Laboratory)

G     INVESTIGATION DATA 1260 FOR RECORD

H     MISC ITEMS

I     PHOTOS OF SAUCER


- page 77 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a ground surface with scattered vegetation, small plants, and what seems to be a sandy or rocky terrain. The image is high contrast with dark shadows and light areas, showing various plant clusters and ground textures.


- page 78 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a grainy, abstract quality, showing what looks like interconnected lines and shapes resembling a network or web-like pattern, with darker areas at the bottom and lighter areas at the top.


- page 79 -

The text I can read on this document is:

PLANET

COMING HOME

STAY AWAY TOO LONG

[J] unaccused
probably minerals

[J] unaccused
probably signals

UNCLASSIFIED

The rest of the text appears to be in some form of coded or symbolic notation that I cannot definitively translate or transcribe. The document looks like it contains a mix of standard English words and some form of cryptic or symbolic language.


- page 80 -

I apologize, but the text on this page appears to be in a script or language that I cannot recognize or read. The document contains multiple lines of handwritten characters that look like they might be in an Asian language (possibly Chinese, Japanese, or Korean), but the text is not legible to me in a way that I can transcribe. The document is written on a white page with black ink, and the writing appears to be handwritten in a vertical format.


- page 81 -

The only text visible in this image is the letter "D" inside a box in the top right corner of the document. The rest of the page appears to be blank or extremely faint.


- page 82 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TISM/UFO
UFO Landing, Brooksville, Florida 2 March 1965                16 March 1965

Hq USAF SAFOI-CC (Wm Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

The attached tissue-like material is one of the pieces which the alleged robot dropped from the space craft before ascending into the heavens. We would appreciate it if you would take the material to the Library of Congress to see if they can determine what the symbols appear to represent or if it is some form of foreign language. Other information pertaining to the case is also attached. Good luck, because I think you are going to need it.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR                                        2 Atchs
Major, USAF                                                   a/f
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch


- page 83 -

The document appears to be written in a coded or symbolic language. The only clearly legible text is:

PLANET

COMING HOME

STAY AWAY TOO LONG

At the bottom of the page, there are two lines that appear to read:

[C]' ununderscored
probably numerals

[S]' ununderscored
probably signaling

And at the very bottom, the word "UNCLASSIFIED" is printed.

The rest of the text consists of various symbols and markings that are not easily decipherable.


- page 84 -

The text on the page appears to be in a cryptic or coded script. The legible English words I can discern are:

PLANET
COMING HOME
SOON
MUCH WHY DID
YOU
STAY AWAY
TOO LONG

At the bottom of the page, there are two handwritten notes:
[J'] unusual
probably manually

[J'] unusual
possibly signaling

At the very bottom of the page, the word "UNCLASSIFIED" is printed.

The rest of the text appears to be in an unreadable or coded script that I cannot decipher.


- page 85 -

The text on this page appears to be in a shorthand or coded script that is not easily readable. The characters are handwritten and appear to be a form of stenography or a specialized notation system. The text is written diagonally across the page in multiple lines. Due to the nature of the script, I cannot confidently transcribe the specific text. The page is numbered "1" in the top right corner, and there are small triangular marks at the bottom corners of the page.


- page 86 -

The image appears to be a very low-quality, grainy black and white document with some small white rectangular markers or labels positioned at different points on the page. The text in the center of the image is partially legible, but most of it is difficult to read clearly due to the poor image quality. I can make out some characters/symbols like "/", "S", and "C" but cannot confidently transcribe a complete text.


- page 87 -

The only text I can see in this image is the letter "A" in a box in the top right corner of the document. The rest of the page appears to be blank or very faint.


- page 88 -

The only text visible in this image is the letter "E" in a small box located on the right side of the document. The rest of the page appears to be a blank, white document page with some very faint specks or marks. No other legible text is present.


- page 89 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

TWSN/UFO
Request Analysis of Unknown Materials

Dr John Strange,
Vice President,
Institute of Paper Chemistry
Appleton, Wisconsin

Dear Dr Strange,

Two pieces of material which were allegedly dropped by a robot from outer space have been submitted to Project Blue Book. Project Blue Book is the program inaugurated by the Air Force to determine if the UFO phenomena is a threat to the security of the United States and to determine the identity of the phenomena or stimuli. The alleged landing took place in Florida on 2 March 1965. The attached newspaper clippings will explain the sighting as the observer reported it to the press.

I believe that the two pieces of material which were allegedly dropped by the robot, are extremely essential to this case. We would appreciate any help that you or your colleagues could give me in determining the following:

a. What type of fiber or filament the specimen is composed of.
b. The nature of the ink or graphic on the specimen.
c. Are there similar types of this material manufactured in the United States?
d. Can you perform a chemical analysis of the fiber?
e. Can you determine whether the material is made in the United States and who makes it?

Due to the publicity which this sighting has received and the nature of the alleged landing, I would appreciate your findings as soon as possible. The Air Force is obligated to issue a news release on this case as soon as our evaluation is complete. I would be most happy to give your company credit for performing the analysis of the material in all of the news releases.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

3 Atchs
1. Synthetic-like material
2. Copy of Symbols
3. Newspaper Clippings


- page 90 -

Exhibit C
Japanese stencil tissue

Exhibit C
Speed-O-Print stencil tissue

4. I have sent ahead the photo-micrograph from the Institute of Paper Chemistry. I have not made copies of all this material interested you will have it on file, and I am not particularly anxious to have it back. However, on several trips to make up my good filing made in the some Thermo-Fax copies of this material that I would pick up in one of my trips just in case something should come up in the future.


- page 91 -

Exhibit B-1
Unknown submitted by Air Force
(Magnification 3.5 diameters)

The rest of the page appears to be a grainy black and white photographic image with varying levels of darkness and texture, but the details are difficult to discern due to the poor image quality.


- page 92 -

Exhibit B-2

Tenguju (stencil) Paper from
Japan
(Magnification 3.5 diameters)


- page 93 -

Exhibit B-3

Speed-O-Print Carbon Cushion
Sheet No. 700
(from office supply house)
(Magnification 3.5 diameters)


- page 94 -

THE INSTITUTE OF PAPER CHEMISTRY
Appleton, Wisconsin
54810
March 24, 1965
Special No. 50,072
Your Ref: TDEW/UFO

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Headquarters
Foreign Technology Division
Air Force Systems Command
United States Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Your recent letter inquired about any help that we could give with respect to two pieces of material allegedly dropped by a robot from outer space.
We have examined the sample you sent us and have the following comments:

The sample is composed of bast or leaf fibers from any one of a number of plants. Although these fibers are a minor part of the raw material of the paper industry, their use is some segments of the industry is not uncommon and includes the following:

1. Flax fibers are used by several companies in this country, principally for the manufacture of cigarette papers. In this case plants are grown specially for this purpose and processed by the paper companies. (We believe these fibers are not flax.)

2. A number of plants, such as hemp (Cannabis sativa), Jute (principally from India), manila hemp (or abaca) and sisal hemp (as grown in Central America, West Indies, and Florida) are used for rope, cordage and sacking material and find their way in this country as such. These products are then used as a source of fiber for some grades of paper.

3. Mitsumata, kozo, and gampi are examples of plants which are raised primarily for papermaking, principally in Japan. In many cases this is a handmade operation to


- page 95 -

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
United States Air Force                                                March 24, 1965
                                                                        Page 2

produce papers of very special properties. Some of these
were imported into this country in the past for use as
lens paper and stencil tissue.

It would be difficult to identify these fibers more specifically. We could
perhaps narrow the identification somewhat by further examination of fiber
morphology, fiber length, and cross section dimensions but we do not want
to undertake this unless it would be worthwhile from your standpoint.
Chemical analyses could be made but we do not believe they would serve any
useful purpose at present.

The above comments imply that there is no reason to believe that this
product came from outer space. We know you are also interested in determining its actual point of origin and we suggest that this problem be
discussed with one of the comparatively few companies that are active in
this specialized segment of the paper industry. The sample submitted
corresponds in basis weight (5½ lbs. for a ream of 500 sheets 24 x 35
inches) to lightweight lens paper and the general character of the sample
is similar to some grades of lens paper (see sample of Eastman Kodak
Company lens paper which is enclosed). Similar grades are used for stencil
tissue but are made largely by the same limited number of companies.
Because of its uniform, non-directional formation, we suspect that the
sample in question may be a product of a hand-made (foreign) operation but
this would be difficult to prove. People active in this field might have
more basis for identifying this sample as of their own manufacture, of
other domestic, or of foreign origin. For further information we suggest
you contact the following companies:

John A. Mannings Paper Co., Inc., P. O. Box 328, Troy, New York
    (G. E. Lanyon)
C. E. Parker & Sons, Inc., 100 Canal St., Windsor Locks, Conn.
    (Geo. E. Knight)
Crystal Tissue Co., Middletown, Ohio

The following companies produce similar papers and might produce this grade;
additional information might be obtained from them:

Eaton-Dikeman Co., Mt. Holly Springs, Pennsylvania
    (B. H. Olmstead)
Buckeye Paper Operations, Packaging Div., Olin Industries,
    Pisgan Forest, North Carolina
Peter J. Schweitzer Division of Kimberly-Clark Corporation,
    261 Madison Ave., New York, New York
Stevens Paper Mills, Inc., Windsor, Conn.

THE INSTITUTE OF PAPER CHEMISTRY


- page 96 -

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
United States Air Force                                                March 24, 1965
                                                                        Page 3

Distributors, importers and converters of lens and stencil tissues, such
as the following, might also be helpful:

Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, New York
A. B. Dick Company, 5700 W. Touhy Avenue, Chicago, Illinois
Lensclear, Inc., 123 W. 25th Street, New York, New York
H. Reeve Angel & Company, 9 Bridewell Place, Clifton, N. J.

If the sample is definitely lens paper, then it seems probable that
sheets of any great size would not be readily available to "the man in the
street" and that anyone who may have "planted" the sample in question
would have had access to supplies through some particular distributor or
user of such materials, or through some foreign contact. On the other
hand, if this sample can be considered as a stencil tissue, such as that
used in mimeograph stencils, then specimens of limited size might have
been available through an office supply house or similar sources. Here
again we believe that the manufacturers of these types of papers might be
more specific in terms of the identification of the sample and the
probable channels of distribution.

We have made no attempt to analyze the ink or other marking material on
the specimen because we have had no special experience in this area and
feel there are other laboratories that are more competent. After brief
microscopic examination, however, we feel that the markings probably were
placed on the specimen by printing or stamping under light pressure rather
than by marking with a pencil or ballpoint pen which probably would cause
more disruption of the fibrous surface.

In summary, we see no reason to believe that this material came from outer
space; it is composed of fibers which are not uncommon in this country; and
in foreign countries. This fiber composition, as well as the general
nature of the specimen, correspond to lens and stencil papers made both in
this country and abroad on continuous machines and also in small-scale hand
operations. It is possible that the exact nature of the fiber could be
determined more closely by additional study of fiber morphology and
dimensional but without further advice from you we are not convinced that
such efforts would be worthwhile. We have suggested several manufacturers
who are more active in this aspect of the paper industry than we are and
they may be able to be more specific in their comments about the quality
and methods of distribution.

If there is any way in which we can be of further assistance we will
welcome your questions or suggestions. The Institute is a nonprofit.

THE INSTITUTE OF PAPER CHEMISTRY


- page 97 -

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
United States Air Force

March 24, 1965
Page 4

organization; if extensive work is required any compensation that would
be available would be appreciated. If not available, we would not let
this factor prevent our further participation if you feel that we can
contribute to your program.

Very truly yours,

T. A. Howells, Chairman
Technology Section

TAH/rl

Enc.

THE INSTITUTE OF PAPER CHEMISTRY


- page 98 -

On 9 March 1965, TDYC(UFO) received a call from SAFOI-CC, Washington (SARA), indicating that an alleged landing had taken place near St Petersburg, Florida.

A call was made to McBill AFB by Major Quintanilla and contact with the interviewing officer Lt Duncan was made. Lt Duncan had conducted a preliminary investigation of the sighting and the following information was obtained.

A Mr [redacted], 65 year old man, has been retired and living alone for the last four years in an old trailer. Had contacted a Mr [redacted] of the Brooksville Radio Station with the following story. He had gone for a walk about three miles from his trailer into a woods. He observed an object about four feet off the ground 6 feet thick and 20-30 foot in diameter.

Object described as saucer shaped. He watched this object for ten minutes. It had an outer rim of blades and a stairway. The color was reddish purple, and bluish green. While watching this object Mr Reeves noted a movement in the brush. He observed a five foot tall Robot in a silver uniform. It had a glass hat. Material appeared to be heavy. The robot had on thin white gloves. He looked at it [redacted] through the helmet. He had a pointed chin and had on a small cap. He walked back to the saucer and returned with a box which he pointed at Mr [redacted]. A flash came from the box and Mr [redacted] became frightened.

The robot pointed the box at him again and the second flash was observed. He assumed that the object was taking pictures of him. The robot then returned to the ship, went inside, the blades turned at a variable position accompanied by a whistling sound with four legs retracting. The object rose straight up and vanished. Mr [redacted] contacted another man and returned to the landing site. They looked at the imprints and found some pieces of paper which they took to the radio station.


- page 99 -

THE INSTITUTE OF PAPER CHEMISTRY
Appleton, Wisconsin
54910

April 5, 1965

Special Number 50,072
Your Ref: TDEW/UFO

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Dr. Hynek:

The following summarizes our analyses, interpretations, and suggestions
on the specimen submitted to us recently by Major Quintanilla. This is
the material allegedly dropped by a visitor from outer space. Much of
this information was reported previously but is included and supplemented
here for the sake of completeness. We have divided our comments into
several categories.

1. Composition of Fiber

The sample is composed of plant fibers from the bast or the
leaf of one or more of a number of plants. A wide variety
of plants of this general type grow in this country and
abroad, and some species are not distinguishable from one
another in fiber form. Of the more common ones, we believe
the submitted sample is not jute, mitsumata, gampi, flax,
or ramie; it could be fiber from abaca, sisal, koso, hemp,
or a similar but less common plant.

Exhibit A includes photomicrographs showing botanical
similarities of fibers from the unknown sample and from two
commercial papers (described below). It also includes
photomicrographs from our files of a number of known fibers
in the TAPPI Library maintained as reference materials for
the Technical Association of the Pulp and Paper Industry.


- page 100 -

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Northwestern University                                        April 5, 1965
                                                               Page 2

Although the United States paper industry is based principally on fibers derived from trees, the use of bast or leaf fibers in this country, and in foreign countries, is not uncommon, and we see no reason to believe that these fibers have any unusual origin.

In foreign countries, such fibers are grown specifically for papermaking; this practice is not as common in this country, but such fibers can be imported for papermaking or can be (and are) recovered from old rope, cordage, and similar products containing fibers of this type.

2. Paper Identification

The sample itself is of the type used for lens paper or stencil tissue (sometimes called Japanese tissue). The sample submitted had a basis weight of 5.5 lbs. (for a ream of 500 sheets, 24 x 36 inches) a thickness of approximately 0.0013 inches and was softly, bulky and of open structure. Formation was very uniform, indicating a high quality operation. There was no evidence of any special treatment to impart water repellency or wet strength.

3. Possible Origin

Of the samples which were readily available to us for comparison, one approximating the unknown sample quite closely was taken from "Paper-Japan 1960" published by Japanese Paper & Pulp Association and Japan Paper Exporters Association. This sample, identified as "Machine-made Tensil (stencil)", was generically indistinguishable from the unknown. Japanese tissues are imported into this country and it is quite probable that similar materials are available in various commercial channels, or possibly as souvenirs brought from a foreign country by an individual.

Similar papers are also manufactured in this country by a number of companies; we believe that a sample matching the unknown could be manufactured by these mills but we do not know whether they actually make such materials at the present time.

A second sample similar to the unknown, identified as "Speed-O-Print Carbon Cushion Sheet No. 700", is used with mimeograph stencils and obtained from a local office supply house. Obviously this is readily available, but we do not know whether it is imported or an item of domestic manufacture.

Exhibit B includes transmitted light photographs at approximately 3.5 diameters magnification, showing similarities in structure between the unknown, the Japanese tissue and the commercial stencil tissue.

THE INSTITUTE OF PAPER CHEMISTRY


- page 101 -

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Northwestern University                                                   April 5, 1965
                                                                          Page 3

Exhibit C includes specimens of the two commercial papers for
comparison with the unknown.

4. Suggestions for Further Exploration

In case additional information on the possible availability or
the actual history of the specific sample is desired by the
Air Force, or by some other appropriate agency, we suggest the
following contacts:

A. Domestic Paper Manufacturers

There are several companies in this country which are
capable of making products very similar to the unknown.
We feel that discussion with these companies, including
an opportunity for them to examine the sample, would
be helpful in determining whether or not any of these
companies do, in fact, manufacture a product identical
to the unknown. Companies active in this particular
segment of the paper industry would be able to comment
on the present status of domestic production versus
imports of products of this type and the probable
channels of distribution. For primary contacts we
suggest the following:

John A. Manning Paper Co., Inc., P. O. Box 328, Troy,
New York    (G. E. Lanyon)
O. H. Dexter & Sons, Inc., 100 Canal St., Windsor Locks,
Conn.       (Geo. D. Knight)
Crystal Tissue Co., Middletown, Ohio
Peter J. Schweitzer Division of Kimber-Clark Corpora-
tion, 261 Madison Ave., New York, New York
Ecusta Paper Operations, Packaging Div., Olin Industries,
Pisgah Forest, North Carolina

In turn, discussion with each of these companies may
develop further contacts worth investigating.

B. Users and/or Distributors

At least two types of organizations would be interested
in handling papers comparable to the unknown: for lens
tissue and for use as stencil tissue. We suggest that
the following be contacted as converters or distributors
of paper for lens tissue:

THE INSTITUTE OF PAPER CHEMISTRY


- page 102 -

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Northwestern University                                   April 5, 1965
                                                           Page 4

Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, New York
Lensclear, Inc., 123 W. 25th Street, New York,
New York

Among the companies handling mimeograph supplies, we suggest the following be contacted for information on their sources of supply (whether domestic or imported) and on methods of distribution:

A. B. Dick Company, 5700 W. Touhy Avenue, Chicago, 
Illinois
Speed-O-Print Business Machines Company, 1801 W. 
Larchmont St., Chicago, Illinois
Milo Harding Company, Monterey Park, California

In addition we have recently noticed an article (House Beautiful for November, 1964) suggesting use of various papers for art work and noting that a kit of Japanese papers is available from:

Craft Studios, 118 Evans St., New Hyde Park, New York

C. Importers

In addition to general importers or specific contacts developed as a result of the above discussions, the following may be able to contribute useful information:

Nelson-Whitehead Company, New York, New York

This company is listed as a sales agent for one of the Japanese manufacturers of handmade paper but we have been unable to locate a New York address for them. It is possible that the firm has been reorganized since issuance of the directory in which they were mentioned. The following companies, listed as paper merchants in the New York area, might or might not be related to this possible contact:

A. G. Nelson Paper Company, Inc., 420 W. 
Broadway, New York 12, New York
Whitehead and Alliger Company, Inc., 
11 Thomas St., New York 7, New York

The following is an importer of various materials from Japan:

[Bottom of page shows "THE INSTITUTE OF PAPER CHEMISTRY"]


- page 103 -

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Northwestern University                                        April 5, 1965
                                                               Page 5

C. T. Takahashi Company, Inc., 220 Third Ave.,
South, Seattle 4, Washington
(Mr. T. M. Iwata)

The following is an importer of pulps and possibly papers
of this general type:

H. Reeve Angel, Inc., 9 Bridewell Place,
Clifton, New Jersey

5. Further Speculation

We have made no chemical analysis of the markings and do not
intend to do so. In my previous letter I commented that
brief microscopic examination had suggested the possibility
that the markings were placed upon the paper by stamping or
printing rather than by an instrument such as a pencil
which would tend to disrupt the fiber structure. Some of
my colleagues feel that the markings could have been made
with a special type of pencil used in photographic touchup
work and other graphic arts procedure. One example is:
The Mars-Lunograph Durabar pencil made in Germany and
available thru S. Staedtler in this country.

Further speculation about the nature of the markings brought
out the comment that these markings appear to have been made
by a person with skilled hands and confidence in his ability.
In other words, they were not made by someone who was
paranormal, and hastening, following a set pattern with
no previous experience. This again suggests the possibility
that a commercial artist, or someone with similar skills,
may have been involved in preparation of the coded message,
either for the incident under consideration or for some
previous occasion.

If there is any way in which we can be of further assistance to the Air Force
or to any agency investigating related aspects, please feel free to call
on us.

Very truly yours,

T. A. Howells, Chairman
Technology Section

DAH/pl

THE INSTITUTE OF PAPER CHEMISTRY


- page 104 -

Here is the text from the document:

KC 19A

INTER-OFFICE MEMO -

To
At

Institute of Paper Chemistry
Appleton, Wisconsin

St. John Strange V. Pres.

Type: file on Atomic
in the university type meeting on 45 at plant
Tritium then design of file
Partly the shift of work my 45 at plant
how might contact work a shift


- page 105 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Dr. Home
Received Reg.
Waiting in archey by Patt. only
Brookingfarm, le only

Note: Some words are partially illegible or may be misread due to the handwritten nature of the text.


- page 106 -

The only text I can see in this image is the letter "F" in a box in the right margin of the document. The rest of the page appears to be blank or too faint to read.


- page 107 -

AIR FORCE FLIGHT DYNAMICS LABORATORY
Research and Technology Division
Air Force Systems Command
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

PDFM/P.M. Wagner/20227                                   29 Mar 65

SUBJECT: Comments on UFO Landing Gear, Dr. C.W. Bemiss Memo

TO: TDBW (Sgt. Moody)

1. Reference is made to discussion between Sgt. Moody, TDBW, and PDFM personnel, on 24 Mar 65.

2. It was requested that PDFM comment on the landing gear of a reported UFO, as referenced in the Dr. C.W. Bemiss Memo, dated 12 Mar 65. The following comments are submitted.

3. Studies on landing gear systems for a lunar landing vehicle, have considered a four-leg system with unsymmetrical geometry. The footpad radius (distance between the centerline of the vehicle and the center of the footpad) for the two rear legs is ten feet, whereas that for the two front legs is 20 feet. Also, due to varying gear-stroke and articulate actuation, the footpad spacings will differ between each side dimension.

4. Another explanation of the unequal footprint spacing is that the landing gears are flexible enough to allow variable lateral displacement. Unsymmetrical landing (one or two leg impact) due to vehicle tilt with respect to the vertical, landing on a sloped surface, or landing with a horizontal velocity component, can cause side loads which tend to deflect each flexible gear leg differently. However, at least one of these conditions would have to be present to cause unequal pad spacings.

5. At unequal spacings, with reasons stated above, it is possible that landing gear footpads could leave an indentation in the surface, as shown in the photos. There is a probability that an unsymmetrical landing occurred, causing each gear to impact vertically. Upon impact, a probe (free to pivot to maintain a vertical position) plunges into the ground. The purpose of the probe would be to resin from the sliding, thus stabilizing the vehicle. If the holes were not made by soil compaction; but bored out, then it is assumed that some kind of a tube type probe was utilized.

Refer to the attached sketch.


- page 108 -

Here is the text from the document:

6. The concentric and eccentric pad footprints are represented in the attached sketch to indicate possible ground flotation pad and gear leg positions. This sketch indicates possible reasons why (1) All four holes are approximately six inches deep, (2) both concentric and eccentric pad footprints appear, and (3) unequal gear/pad footprint spacing was present.

7. From the dimensions of the UFO, it has been determined that the pad footprint spread, even though unequal, is adequate enough to prevent overturning of the vehicle.

8. Additional information should have been recorded at the landing site, such as:

a. Direction of the eccentric pad footprint indentations, i.e. inboard or outboard direction.

b. Perimeter measurements to determine the soil strength around the holes and at the bottom of the holes would indicate whether or not the soil was compacted or scooped out.

9. There are many questions left unanswered, such as why the holes were not distorted during take-off, adhesion characteristics of the soil, disposition of the scooped out, bored-out soil, etc. However, from the facts at hand, it is concluded that a landing with the gear geometry and pad indications mentioned above are theoretically possible.

10. The soil itself in the case such as this could be utilized to provide more tangible information. In view of this, it is recommended that in future occasions the following steps are taken:

a. Determine the soil bearing strength values around the area.

b. Measure the footprint areas and depth (of the vehicle landing gear and the crewmen).

c. Obtain plaster casts of all footprints.

From the preceding information data on vehicle and crewmen weights could be estimated.

1 Atch
Sketch, Possible Footpad
Configurations & Footprints

2


- page 109 -

