PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 11-12 August 65 12/053Z
2. LOCATION: Whiteman AFB, Missouri
3. SOURCE: Military
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Multiple
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4 - 5 Hours
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Grnd-Visual, Grnd-RADAR
7. COURSE: South
8. PHOTOS: XNO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: XNO

10. CONCLUSION: Inversion Effects
RADAR: 1. Stars/Planets (CAPELLA, BETELGEUSE, ALDEBARAN, JUPITER)
VISUAL: 1. A/C
2. 1/C
3. Astro (METEOR)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Red object observed in East moving South for 2 minutes. (this object evaluated as an A/C) One 1/C noted reported an object which he believed to be a shooting star (this object evaluated as a Meteor) RADAR PHOTOS show no special object and coordinates are to the East. (Reporting official regards as due to inversion effects in the area)

VISUAL sightings were for a period of 4-5 hours and the objects at 30-40 deg elevation in the East moving South. Four or more astronomical objects seen during this period: JUPITER, CAPELLA, BETELGEUSE, ALDEBARAN.

FTD FORM SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ___________
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East            e. South          g. West           h. Northwest
b. Northeast       d. Southeast       f. Southwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No       e. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No       f. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No       g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No       h. Other ___________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 2 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Control Tower Personnel Whiteman AFB, Mo.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Whiteman AFB City Mo State

TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
To NORAD


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Blank table with columns for Day, Month, Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Sighting reported to NORAD, then to USAF, CP, then to FTD.

Observed object. It was round and appeared to be size of huge star. It had two spot-lights, one pointing toward the ground, the other SE. Color of spot lights (?) appeared to be red, green, and white and were on bottom of object.

Moving NE very slowly (10 knots). Weather clear, visibility unlimited. Ohs. tracked by radar at altitude of 5000' for three hours and still being tracked at 09:38Z on a heading of 086 76 miles from Olatha, Kansas. Still holding 5000'.


- page 5 -

This case includes twenty (20) 8"x10" photographs.


- page 6 -

The text in this image is largely illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. There are some faint markings and symbols visible, but I cannot confidently transcribe them. The image appears to be a black and white document with a circular or curved shape dominating the page, with some smaller markings or figures at the bottom left of the image.


- page 7 -

The text in this image is largely illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. There appears to be a circular instrument or dial with numbers around its edge, and some triangular or wedge-shaped objects in the image, but the specific text cannot be clearly read.


- page 8 -

There is no legible text in this image. The document appears to be a black and white photograph of what seems to be some kind of circular instrument or dial with markings, possibly a radar or measurement device. The image is grainy and has high contrast, typical of older photographic or document reproduction techniques.


- page 9 -

The text I can discern is very limited and partially illegible:

At the top left, there appears to be some text that starts with "12-14-65" but the rest is not clearly readable.

The image shows what looks like a circular instrument or dial with markings around its circumference, but the text on these markings is not clearly legible in this black and white scanned document.

The top right of the image has some small markings or numbers, but they are too blurry to read with certainty.


- page 10 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of what looks like a circular or curved object with some small irregular shapes or markings around its edges. In the top right corner, there is a partial view of what seems to be a clock or gauge. In the top left corner, there is a number "7" and a letter "u" written or printed. The image is somewhat grainy and low contrast, typical of an older document or photographic reproduction.


- page 11 -

HEADQUARTERS
31st STRATEGIC MISSILE WING (SAC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WHITEMAN AIR FORCE BASE, MISSOURI 65303

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: BDOB                                                                  13 October 1965
SUBJECT: UFO, Whiteman AFB, Mo., 12 August 1965

TO:   AFSC (FTD)
       Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1.   Reference letter, Hq Foreign Technology Division, Air Force Systems
      Command, TDGN, 8 Sep 1965, Subject: UFO Sightings, Early August, Missouri
      and Kansas.

2.   Attached an UFO incident on 12 August to
      the 29th NORAD Regt has been separated from the United States Air Force.
      However, three other witnesses to the incident have been contacted.

3.   In compliance with paragraph 14, AFR 200-2, the following data is
      submitted:

      a. Description of the Object:

      (1) Varied in shape from round to oval; starlike.
      (2) The size was estimated as that of a pea.
      (3) The objects varied in color and appeared to change color from
           white, rouge red, blue, green, white.

      (4) Witnesses differed. One witness saw only one object. Two
           witnesses saw from 3 to 5, one of which was oval in shape and remained a
           dull red color.

      (5) No definite formation but objects appeared to be randomly
           scattered in a small pattern.

      (6) No trails were observed.
      (7) The objects made no sound audible to the observers.

      b. Description of Course:

      (1) The objects were called to the attention of the available
           witnesses by the control tower operator who has been separated from the
           service.

      (2) The objects were initially observed in an east-northeast
           direction from the base operations building at Whiteman Air Force Base.


- page 12 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a circular instrument or display with numerical markings around its circumference. In the center of the circle is an irregular white or light-colored shape, possibly representing a cloud or some other object. The image quality is somewhat grainy and low contrast, typical of older photographic or scanning techniques.

No legible text is visible in this image beyond some partially obscured numerical markings around the edge of the circular display.


- page 13 -

The image appears to be a black and white document or instrument readout with a curved scale or protractor-like marking along the bottom and left side. The numbers on the scale are partially visible, ranging from what seems to be 0 to around 90 degrees. There is a small white or light-colored object or mark near the center of the image. The top right corner contains some additional numerical markings. The image quality is somewhat grainy and low contrast, typical of an older photographic or microfilm document.


- page 14 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a circular target or diagram with concentric circles. The target has multiple rings with numerical markings around its circumference. Small symbols or markings are placed at various points along the outer ring of the target. The image is somewhat grainy and appears to be from an older document or report.


- page 15 -

The text I can discern in this image is:

10 PM
Miles

The image appears to be a black and white document with a grid or chart, multiple measuring scales or rulers, and what seems to be a circular dial or gauge in the top right corner. The image quality is somewhat grainy and low contrast.


- page 16 -

The text I can discern in this image is very limited:

At the top left, there appears to be some handwritten text, but it is mostly illegible. I can make out what looks like "Copy" but the rest is unclear.

The image appears to be a technical document or chart with a grid, curved measurement scales on the sides, and what looks like a clock or dial in the top right corner. However, the text on these elements is too blurry to read clearly.


- page 17 -

The text in this image is largely illegible. The image appears to be a black and white document with a circular frame containing a triangular shape in the center. There are some small markings or numbers around the edges of the circular frame, but they are not clearly readable. The top left corner has a partial number "75" visible. The overall quality of the scan makes most text indecipherable.


- page 18 -

The image appears to be a black and white document or diagram with a circular scale or gauge. The numbers 26 are visible at the top left of the image. There is a triangular shape near the center of the image. The rest of the text and numbers are difficult to read due to the low contrast and image quality. A clock or time-related instrument is partially visible in the top right corner of the image.


- page 19 -

I apologize, but I cannot find any legible text in this image. The document appears to be a black and white photograph showing a circular or curved object with some smaller details or attachments around its edges. The image is somewhat grainy and low contrast, making it difficult to discern specific details.


- page 20 -

At the top left of the document, partially legible text reads:

12 A
7
WHITEMAN

The main part of the image appears to be a circular diagram or chart with markings around its circumference, but most of the text is too blurry or low contrast to read clearly. The image looks like a black and white photographic document with a circular object or measurement device as its central focus.


- page 21 -

There is very little text visible in this image. In the top left corner, there appears to be a faint "7w" handwritten or stamped. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a circular object or instrument with a clock or dial visible in the top right corner.


- page 22 -

They appeared to be at angles estimated to be from 30° through 60° above the horizon. One witness who observed the separated dull red objects, oval in shape, as only 5 - 10° above the horizon.

(3) The objects disappeared to the south while at generally the same elevation as initially observed.

(4) Objects moved from northeast-east through south very fast, and suddenly disappeared to the south. The dull red object seemed to move in from the east then moved rapidly south and suddenly disappeared with the other objects.

(5) The objects were observed over a period of 4 - 5 hours. The dull red object was observed only from 0635Z to 0637Z.

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) The objects were observed visually from the ground. In addition, the objects were observed on the base AN/CPS 9 weather radar.

d. Time and Date of Sightings:
(1) 11-12 August 0530Z - 1100Z.
(2) These objects were observed during the night through dawn.

e. Location of Observers:
(1) Northeast corner of building S-35, base operations, Whiteman AFB, Mo.

f. Observers:
(1) 2Lt Lee F. Hudson, Det 19, 8th Weather Squadron Weather Forecaster.
(2) SSgt Alton W. Badman, Det 19, 8th Weather Squadron Weather Forecaster.
(3) [Redacted], 351st Combat Support Group.
(4) All observers are considered to be reliable.

g. Weather was clear and warm; visibility: 15 Miles.
(1) Official weather observation for 0300L, 12 August 1965 is representative of weather during the period of sightings.
(a) Ceiling: Clear.
(b) Visibility: 15 +.

2


- page 23 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a circular instrument or radar screen with numerical markings around its circumference. In the center of the screen is a light-colored irregular shape or object. The image is somewhat grainy and has some markings or text in the top left corner, but the text is not clearly legible in this scan.


- page 24 -

The image appears to be a black and white document or chart with a curved scale or measurement axis along the left and bottom edges. The numbers on the scale are partially visible, ranging from what seems to be around 10 to 90. There is a small white dot or mark near the center of the image. The top right corner contains some partially legible text or numbers. The image quality is somewhat grainy and low contrast, typical of an older scanned document.


- page 25 -

There is no readable text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a circular target or diagram with concentric circles and some markings around the edges. The image looks like it could be a technical or scientific illustration, possibly related to a measurement or observation instrument.


- page 26 -

The text I can discern in the image is very limited and partially illegible:

Top left corner: "10"
Some faint markings near the top, but they are not clearly readable

The image appears to be a technical diagram or measurement chart with curved rulers/scales on the left and right sides, and a rectangular grid in the center. The image is a black and white photograph or scan.


- page 27 -

The text in the image is mostly illegible due to the low quality of the black and white scan. There appears to be a circular gauge or dial in the top right corner of the image, and the image shows what seems to be a measurement or recording grid with curved measurement scales along the bottom and side. The number "25" is visible at the bottom right of the grid. Beyond these details, I cannot confidently transcribe any specific text from this document.


- page 28 -

HQ CAS 5 (INFORMATION ONLY)

7 AUGUST 1965
EAST LANSING, MICH.

SUBJECT: INSUFFICIENT DATA

Respectfully submitted,

[Signature]
Raymond E. Fowler
NICAP Investigator


- page 29 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

Place of Employment STUDENT
Occupation STUDENT
Education HIGH SCHOOL
Special Training
Military Service

Date of Observation 8/7/65
Locality of Observation EAST LEXINGTON, MASS.
Time 10:05 PM — 2:05 AM Time Zone EASTERN (MIGHT SAVING)
How long did you see the object? HOURS MINUTES SECONDS 3 HOURS
Describe weather conditions and the type of i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc. CLEAR
Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you. YES
Were the stars or moon visible? YES
If so, more than one object? YES If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating
direction of movement, if any. DETAILS ON PAPER SKETCH H THROUGH K
Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, tell if (shape) appeared solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving,
etc. Please use additional sheets of paper, if necessary. IT APPEARED LIKE A WING, FIRE AT THE
STARS, BRIGHTER THAN THE STARS WOULD BE IN THE SKY YES
If so, compare its brightness with the Sun, Moon, or lights, etc. BRIGHTER OF MANY STARS IN THE SKY

Did the object(s) —
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? YES Time moves ERRATICALLY FROM TIME TO TIME
c. Wobble or spin? NO
d. Disappear and reappear? NO
e. Leave any trail? NO
f. Give off any sound? NO
g. Emit any light or smoke? YES
h. Change shape? NO

Did it seem to put out information, searchlight, something? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc. if possible.
YES, IN FRONT OF STARS NO
If so, please give direction and speed.
Did you observe it through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windscreen, storm window, screening,
etc.? YES What? BINOCULARS - TRIED WITH LARGE TELESCOPE - COULD NOT FIX

Did the object(s) have any sound? NO What kind? — How loud? —


- page 30 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Top of form]
a. Settled now? YES
b. Still for AFB? NO
c. Releasing? NO
d. Temporary? NO

[Rest of form includes various questions and responses, with some partially legible text such as:]

Or, in order, give apparent size in inches on a clear hold of arm's length:

[There are sections with handwritten notes and a small sketch of what appears to be an arc or hemisphere]

[Bottom of form includes locations like:]
COMM NAP.
AIR GUARD SPALD
WESTOVER AFB
BARNES AIRFIELD-MASS

[The document appears to be a UFO sighting report form with various sections for describing an observed object, its characteristics, location, and other details]

The text is a mix of printed form questions and handwritten responses, with some sections being difficult to fully decipher. A hand-drawn sketch is included on the right side of the document.


- page 31 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

7 Aug 65
Switzerland

SWITZERLAND

Bright pointed triangle again

The following is an extract from the
Swiss newspaper Pour l'Etre No. 33 of
August 24, 1965, translated by
G. Picard, and sent by our Swiss
correspondent (G. A. Bousquet) here
gives a brief account of sighting in
the sky over Bienne as reported to him
by three young men.

"Flying saucer to you, Sir, we saw it
was a motor. The wonderful have said
it was a luminous object, very well
tilted nightly, and moving very fast
from north to south along the Jura
Mountains, towards the lake (Lac de
Bienne), near Neuchatel), and at a
height which seemed to be between
the mountains. We had the impression that it slimmed the rooftops of
the houses in the Beaumont sector of
the town. Suddenly it stopped,
between Bienne and Vigneule, at the
same location changing colour from
white to dark red. It was for a split
second after stopping, it had made an
180° turn, then hiding from us in a
confused side. We could now only
say the reddish border of its semicircle.

"Then it took off again like
lightning, towards the east, which
involved a 90° change of course, and
then it vanished suddenly just as
though all its lights had gone out."

might add that only seven or eight
seconds elapsed between the object's
appearance above the Nadeloch
Gorge and its disappearance."

"This strange account was the
start of a conversation—or rather an
interrogation—lasting three hours,
during the night of August 3rd last.
At about midnight on the night in
question the doorbell of my flat rang
three times. Three very excited
young men had come to tell me of
their experience. Half I met with
immediate impression that these
three lads had just had some serious
emotional shock. I should have
imagined the door in their faces when
they breathed the word 'flying
saucer'.

Journalist must be great a doubter
at St. Thomas and possess the
patience of Penelope. So, from
August 7 onwards, I spent my nights
with these three lads (Andreas and
Christian Haesler, aged 16, 23, and
17 respectively) watching the skies
over Bienne. No doubt I did this
because their sincerity had convinced me. Yet somehow I remained
skeptical.

"On the ninth night i.e. August
16, at 10.45, I saw the appearance of
the first object which I could consider
a valid sighting and a confirmation of
my young friends' statement that
'mysterious objects are travelling our
skies'.

"What I saw—and what was also
seen by a friend of mine who was not
with me (Heinz Schertenleib, chief
bookkeeper of GB near Achi, Bienne)
was a triangle with a luminous point
at each of its angles. Its outline was
shown by an extremely fine silvery thread.

"The size of the object was comparable to that of a small plane flying
at 500 or 600 metres. The triangle came
from the southwest, did a sort circular
sweep over the town, and then 'went
out' like a light. I must emphasize
done that we have seen since that night.

"Well, well. Can this perhaps be
the Dawn of the Magicians"...
(Credit: Mme. S. Sauter) and
A. Michel)


- page 32 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Defense News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Dec 65

Duluth, Minnesota
7 Aug 65

AIA FORCE JETS CHASE SAUCER OVER LAKE SUPERIOR: A United Press International (UPI) story dated August 7th describes a chase involving jet interceptors and a group of seven to ten UFOs which were flying in a V-formation at 9,000 miles per hour in the vicinity of Duluth, Minnesota. Their elevation was 5,000 to 17,000 feet. The UFOs were spotted on radar at four bases - in Minnesota, North Dakota, and Canada. The jets were easily outdistanced by the saucers, and soon abandoned the chase.

The information apparently was given to the UPI by the U. S. Air Force Radar Base in Michigan's Keweenaw Peninsula. SAUCER NEWS checked with the Pentagon about the case, and was informed incredibly that this incident would take place. It seems hardly likely to us that a reputable news service would just make up a story, and we are astounded at the contradiction herein. (Our thanks to researcher John Williams for past of our data about this sighting.)


- page 33 -

Here is the text from the document:

(c) Amount of Cloud Cover: 0/10
(d) Thunderstorms: None
(e) Vertical temperature gradient to 53,000 between significant layers. Heights are AGL.

Surface - 730°                 +7°C per 1000'
730' - 3400'                   -2°C per 1000'
3400' - 7130'                  +2°C per 1000'
7130' - 13,130'                +0°C per 1000'
13,130' - 14,130'              -0°C per 1000'
14,130' - 38,000'              -2°C per 1000'
38,000' - 53,000'              -3°C per 1000'

(f) Wind direction and velocity. No data available above 53,000'. Upperwinds estimated. Data extrapolated between CBR and TOP.

Surface - 170/3g; 6000' - 250/10; 10,000 - 300/05; 16,000 - 045/10; 20,000 - 050/15; 30,000 - 050/24, 50,000 - 015/10

h. No other unusual activity noted.
i. No interception taken.
j. No known balloon releases. No air traffic in local area.
k. Lt Colonel Herbert J. Rapley, FR36520. Base Operations Officer.

(l) One witness who observed the objects indicates he thought the sighting was shooting stars. However, I am inclined to decide that the sightings were the result of unusual weather phenomena. The varied layers of temperature inversion would tend to explain the long duration of the sightings and their radar reflectability.

1. Scope photographs of AN/CPS 9 taken during the sightings are attached.

ROBERT G. BROCKMAN, Lt Colonel, USAF
Base Director of Operations

1 Atch
2 secs photos

[Letterhead for 351st Strategic Missile Wing, Whiteman AFB, MO. 65309]


- page 34 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
918TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP, MEDIUM (RESERVE)
United States Air Force
Greater Pittsburgh Airport
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15231

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DO                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 35 -

MILITARY REPORTING OFFICER: The individual contacted who took photos of a previous UFO in the Darvey area is [redacted]

Blevins Ridge were also present when the photo was taken. The negative was given to the Beaver Valley Times and an article and the photo were published to the public by the Beaver Valley Times. It [rest of text partially illegible]

The negative to the Air Force at this time. The camera used was a Kodak 35mm lens, 3.5, 80mm blue coated, Copeli 127 lens, 120 film.

The individual taking the picture has a dark room at his residence. The lens was open to sight second and the camera took the picture from a tripod. At the time the UFO appeared, [redacted] was taking pictures of the moon. That was his original intention.


- page 36 -

Here is the text from the document:

Beaver Valley Times, Week of Aug 16, 1965

AIR FORCE INVESTIGATORS CHECKING REPORT

County Youth Snaps

Whether you generally call entities Pittsburgh has had its UFO (Unidentified Flying Objects) or never to the once popular, "flying saucers," such unexplained phenomena arouse interest and curiosity.

There has been a rash of reports of such sightings across the nation recently, and now apparently one of the most interesting comes from a Pittsburgh area youth who supports his story with two friends.

Not only did he arouse interest locally earlier this week when he brought his story and pictures to the TIMES, but the U.S. Air Force now would like to have a look at his pictures and talk with some time of a UFO sighting.

JAMES LUCCI, Gypsy Glen Road, Brighton Township, took the pictures about 11:30 p.m. Sunday while riding in a car on the grounds of an aircraft, but did not see the TIMES in his possession.

Lucci, one of the two convincing factors of the boy's story, has two pictures which were taken by time exposure with a rapid mounted camera.

Both pictures were taken from the same camera position, and Lucci says that the first line and then the object disappeared.

Lucci's story is supported by two companions, his brother, John, 20, and Mrs. Grove, of Sewickley. Dawson 1462, of Glenwood, also reported seeing the object. Tom Rodgers, 11, Sewickley Street, Beaver, was in the house and when called, came out just in time to get a glimpse of the object.

Enlargement shows UFO in distance


- page 37 -

Here is the text from the document:

Beaver Valley Times, Week of Aug 16, 1965

AIR FORCE INVESTIGATORS CHECKING REPORT

County Youth Snaps

Whether you properly call gently Pittsburgh has had its share of UFO's (Unidentified Flying Objects) or never to the once popular, "flying saucers," such inexplicable phenomena arouse interest and curiosity.

There has been a rash of reports of such sightings across the nation recently, and some come from A. Brinley and two who took photographs.

Not only did he arouse interest locally after this week, when he brought his story and pictures to the TIMES, but the U.S. Air Force now would like to see his pictures and talk with him.

JAMES LUCCI, Gypsy Road, Brighton Township, took the pictures about 11:30 p.m. last Sunday with a Kodak camera.

One of the most convincing factors of the boy's story is his two pictures which were taken by time exposure with a tripod mounted camera.

Both pictures were taken from the same camera position, and upon superimposing the negatives, the moon on each negative coincide, the bright object spotted by the boy had moved from a position on the left to the right.

Those accompanying him were his brother, John, 20, and Mike Grove, Jr., Sycamore Drive, Dawson Ridge, Brighton Township, who also reported seeing the object. Tom Rodgers, 41, Green Street, Beaver, was in the house when called, came out just in time to get a glimpse of the object.

According to an Air Force spokesman there was a report about the same time of a UFO sighting nearer to Pittsburgh.

The Air Force declined to say whether that report was radar or by a person other than the caller. It would like to investigate this second report by Lucci.

Enlargement shows UFO in distance


- page 38 -

Beaver Valley Times, Week of Aug 16, 1965

'Saucer' in Action

ACCORDING to the boys the bright white, glowing and noiseless object came over the trees on the hill on the west side of Gypsy Glen Road.

One of the boys called Lucci's attention to it as he was taking pictures. Having closed the shutter, already having recorded the object once, he wound the film and opened the shutter again for the second shot. Quickly, almost immediately after the first, as the object came nearer, then before he could take a third shot it quickly rose aerially out of sight.

The boys said the object rose at a very high rate of speed and was gone quickly.

They added: to be a little larger than a Piper Cub airplane in the air, although Lucci qualified his estimate by noting it is quite difficult to judge altitude from the ground at night.

[Underneath and to the sides of the object in the photographs, Lucci said this must have been due to the fact that he was shooting time exposure and at night. In addition to the reported sightings nearer Pittsburgh that day, some time was spent Sunday by the Air Force investigating the reports and at the Air Base and at local news rooms.

THE BOYS said they saw an elliptical shaped object and did not see the glow which appeared.

UFO much closer in second shot


- page 39 -

Here is the text from the document:

Beaver Valley Times, Week of Aug 16, 1965

AIR FORCE INVESTIGATORS CHECKING REPORT

County Youth Snaps

Whether you people, call-ently Pittsburgh has had this UFO (Unidentified Flying Object) or not, we are one of the most interesting reports in the Pittsburgh area comes from a Beaver County youth who has some interesting pictures with two photographs.

Not only did he arouse interest nationally and locally, but he brought his story and pictures to the TIMES, but the U.S. Air Force now will like to see his pictures and talk with him.

JAMES LUCCI, Gypsy Glen Road, Richland Township, took the pictures about 11:50 p.m. last Sunday while spotting what he says was a UFO.

One of the most convincing factors of the boy's story is his two pictures, which were taken with a tripod-mounted camera. Both pictures were taken from the same camera position, and upon superimposing the negatives so that the tree line and moon can each register coincide, the bright object spotted by the boy had moved from a position on the left to the right.

Lucci's story is supported by two companions, his brother, John 20, and Mike Grove, Jr., Sycamore Drive, Dawson Ridge, Brighton Township, who also reported seeing the object. Tom Rodgers, 17, Seventh Street, Beaver, was in the area when called, came out just in time to get a glimpse of the object.

Enlargement shows UFO in distance


- page 40 -

Beaver Valley Times, Week of Aug 16, 1965

"Saucer" in Action

ACCORDING to the boys who were out taking pictures along Glen Road, a strange object as it rose out of sight, was captured on film. The boys called Lucien's attention to the fact that they were taking the pictures along Glen Road.

One of the boys made a time exposure of the moon and the closed the shutter, already having recorded this object once.

The second time around, the film was opened about six to eight seconds after the first, as the object came nearer, then before he could take a third shot a quick movement took place.

The boys said the object rose at a very high rate of speed and was gone quickly.

They judged it to be a little over a quarter mile up and about a quarter mile in the air, although Lucei qualified his estimate by noting it is quite difficult to judge altitude from the ground.

THE BOYS said they saw an elliptical shaped object and did not see the glow which appeared underneath and to the sides of night.

In addition to the reported sightings near the Pittsburgh area, the Air Force said it has received quite a number of UFO reports around the Pittsburgh area.

Beyond that, the Air Force is saying nothing except that the reports and all it knows about them is nothing.

UFO much closer in second shot


- page 41 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

New UFO Photos
Prove Genuine

New photographs proving UFO reality, analyzed by experts, may be the most important evidence in the latest wave of worldwide UFO sightings. One UFO photo, taken by a Government scientific team, three more by U.S. and foreign newsmen, and other pictures are being checked.

Pictures of the UFO below, taken Aug. 6, in Beaver County, PA., were declared genuine by three professional photographers who examined the film. (Signed preliminary investigation.) Because of the NICAP in (one-fourth mile) these photos have unusual detail.

In the first, the bright spot at the left is the moon. The white mass under the UFO, like a double exhaust, was invisible to witnesses. (A NICAP technical adviser suggests the film may have recorded a force-field emanation, a clue to the propulsion.)

The disc image is blacked out to show the disc more clearly.

[Two photographs are included in the document, with captions describing details of the UFO images]

Following is the detailed report secured by NICAP Investigators:

[Continued text on the right side of the page]

UFO PHOTOS (Continued from page 1)

On the night of Aug. 6, James Lucci, son of a professional photographer for the Air National Guard, was making time exposure photos near his home in Brighton Township, Beaver County, PA. With James, a high school science major, his brother John, 20. A third witness, James Lucci Sr., saw the UFO from his home across the road.

About 11:30, as James started another exposure, a round, thick object, glowing brighter than the moon, approached above the trees at the left. Realizing the camera must have caught it, James closed the shutter quickly, but not before the film for another shot—the slow-moving UFO was then about a fourth of a mile away. Before he could get a third picture the UFO had moved out of sight -- its swift ascent also seen by Michael Grove.

(Later, the AF admitted to the press that a UFO was reported about this time, near Pittsburgh. Whether it was the same one, seen before or after the 11:30 sighting, is not known as the AF has not released details.)

[Rest of the text continues with details about the UFO sighting and photographs]


- page 42 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
910TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP, MEDIUM (RESERVE)
United States Air Force
Greater Pittsburgh Airport
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15231

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: IFO
SUBJECT: UFO, Pittsburgh, Pa.

TO: AFSC (FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. Unidentified Flying Objects seen in the Pittsburgh area 13 Aug 65.

2. Reports, Photo's and General summary attached.

FOR THE COMMANDER

Eugene F. Reher
Information Officer

1 Atch
1. Observations
2. Summary
3. Photos

FILED THE SAME IS NOW
ARCHIVED ARCHIVES BRANCH
PITTSBURGH, PA. 15233

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL RECORD


- page 43 -

SUMMARY REPORTING OFFICER: The individual contacted who took photos of
a previous UFO in the Denver area is Mr. ████████████████
L.P. ████, brother ████████ and a friend Mr. ████████████.
Carson Ridge were were present when the photo was taken. The negative was
given to the Beaver Valley Times and an article and the photo were released
to the public by the Beaver Valley Times. Mr. ████████ also not with the giving
the negative to the Air Force at this time. The camera used was a Yashika
35, first lens series 7.5, 80mm blue coated. Copal 1x7 lens, 120 film
clipan 21 Lumiere Rapid, 6x9 cm. Developed in Dokol 76 solution.
The individual taking the pictures has a dark room at his residence. The
lens was open six to eight seconds and the camera took the picture from a
tripod. At the time the UFO appeared, he ████████ was taking pictures of
the moon. That was his original intention.


- page 44 -

UFO Sightings, Early August, Missouri and Kansas

Commanding Officer
Whiteman AFB, Missouri

In early August 1965, [redacted] of your base observed an unidentified flying object. The report was forwarded to our office through the 29th NORAD Region, through the USAF Command Post. This initial information indicated that the object observed was also tracked on radar and observed by control tower personnel. It is requested that this incident be investigated in accordance with AFR 200-2, paragraphs 14 and 15, and a written report be submitted to FTD (TDEN). If the object was minimal or deemed no report was deemed necessary, we would appreciate your evaluation of the incident.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

ORIGINATOR: Maj H Quintanilla, Jr.    DATED 7 Oct 65


- page 45 -

Here is the text from the document:

Beaver Valley Times, Week of Aug 16, 1965

'Saucer' In Action

ACCORDING to the boys who spotted a bright, white, glowing and noiseless object came over the trees on the west side of Glen Road.

One of the boys called Lucui's attention to it as he was taking a line exposure of the moon and stars. He had a camera and was having recorded the object once. He wound the film and opened the shutter again for the second shot. About 1/5 second later the object came nearer, then before he could take a third shot it quickly rose straight up out of sight.

The boys said that the object moved at a high rate of speed and was quite a bit larger than a Piper Cub airplane and about a quarter mile in the air, although Lucui qualified his estimate by saying it is quite from the ground at night.

THE BOYS said they saw an unidentified shaped object and did

underneath and to the sides of night.

The object in the photographs, in addition to the reported about the same time as the Pittsburgh area, the Air Force is saying nothing except it is investigating the report and is awaiting more information about the item.

[Caption under image] UFO much clearer in second shot


- page 46 -

Here is the text from the document:

New UFO Photos
Prove Genuine

New photographs proving UFO reality, analyzed by experts, may be the most important evidence in the latest wave of world-wide sightings. One UFO was photographed at an Argentine Government scientific base, three more by U.S. and foreign photographers.

Pictures of the UFO below, taken Aug. 6 in Beaver County, Pa., were declared genuine by three professional photographic world-examiners who examined the negatives. (Signed evaluations given to NICAP in a five-day on-the-spot investigation.) Because of the close range of the UFO (one-fourth mile), these photos have unusual detail.

In the first, the right spot at the left is a double exhaust. The white trail behind and below the disc is believed a trail the UFO left in maneuvering over the trees.

In the second photo (same negative) the trail and "exhaust" are blacked out to show the disc more clearly.

Following is the detailed report secured by NICAP Investigator.

(Continued on page 2, column 1)

UFO PHOTOS (Continued from page 1)

On the night of Aug. 6, James Lucci, son of a professional photographer for the Air National Guard, was making time exposures of the moon near his home in Brighton Township, Beaver County, Pa. With James, a high school senior, was his brother John, 20. A third witness, Michael Grove, saw the UFO from his home at 11:30 PM.

According to Lucci, the strange aerial object was a round, bright object, glowing brighter than the moon, approached above the trees at the left. Realizing the camera must have caught it, James closed the shutter, quickly wound the film for another shot—the above-moving UFO was then about a fourth of a mile away. Before closing the shutter, he had taken a third picture of the strange device climbing steeply out of sight.

At first, fearing ridicule, the Luccis avoided publicity. After the story broke in the Beaver County Times, the newspapers superimposed the photos, comparing the negatives to show how the UFO had slowly moved closer, left to right, as described. After a full evaluation, they labeled the photos genuine. This was later confirmed by NICAP Photographic Adviser Ralph Rankow.

According to the Lucci, the disc appeared "larger than a dime" in the sky.

When the Times story broke, the negatives were quickly obtained for NICAP analysis by William B. Weitzel, Chairman, Pittsburgh-NICAP Subcommittee. Aided by the Times staff, Weitzel and Subcommittee member Robert Brown spent two days cross-examining the witnesses, checking the photos against aerial and contour maps, and recording technical photographic evidence.

The Times gave them this statement: "To the best of our knowledge, and in our considered judgment, the negatives are not the results of photographic or physical fakery...nor is the UFO instance the result of camera defects, light reflections, lens flares, bubbles and the like ... and said image appears to be the result of photographic accident such as reflections, object positioned in the field of view of the camera."

These conclusions were signed by City Editor Jack Mitchell, Photographer Peter D. Sabella, Reporter Thomas W. Sibley, Managing Editor P. N. Hollander, and Photographic Dept. Harry K. Weller.

Up to our presstime, the AF has kept silent, though James Lucci offered them the photos for evaluation. The Times, calling the AF "evasive and mysterious," said one spokesman "bluntly described the official position when he said, 'My mouth is sealed.'"

"Where UFOs are concerned, the AF conception of cooperation is a one-way street. - IN ONLY."

[Technical details about camera and film follow, but are partially cut off]


- page 47 -

Here is the text from the document:

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

8 Aug 65
Chills

Santiago scare

After the affair in Antofagasta and Atacama, it
is not surprising that when UFOs were seen over
Santiago on August 9, police stations, newspapers
and radio stations were jammed with phone calls.
There was much talk of an "invasion" talks which
spread swiftly throughout the continent, and into
Central America too, and some of the measures
taken by the authorities could not be expected to
kill the rumours.


- page 48 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Dec 65

Grands Forks, North Dakota
9 Aug 65

LANDING IN NORTH DAKOTA: Three women driving their car along a road near Grands Forks, North Dakota at 11:30 p.m. on August 9th witnessed a brightly lighted object which had come to rest on a local golf course. It looked so much like the moon that they didn't realize the significance of what they were seeing until they looked up and saw the real moon in the western sky behind the object.

The UFO was transparent, and was about 400 to 500 yards from their car. The most startling part of this account states that the women could see "little figures" inside the craft, though they could not distinguish clearly as they were in the form of silhouettes. Three men in another car also watched the object for about a half hour. Police were called, but found nothing.


- page 49 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Dec 65

Albany, New York
10 Aug 65

SAUCER FLAP AROUND ALBANY, NEW YORK. At about 6 a.m. on August 10th, a man who refused to allow his name to be publicized saw a strange "wing-shaped" object pass slowly in front of his car while he was driving along Highway 9J. This large silver wing was just above the telephone wires, and was slightly tilted as if to avoid them. It passed within two car lengths of him, and then swung through a cut in the trees before disappearing. The object made no sound and left no vapor trail of any sort. The operation of his automobile was not affected. - A similar sighting was made the same day by an housewife in nearby Castleton, N. Y., who was completely unaware of the other incident.


- page 50 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review
         Nov-Dec 65

10 Aug 65
Goomubla, Australia

Three-legged object
The Sydney Sun-Herald of August 11 tells how a flying saucer with three legs paid visits to the McClintock farm near Goomubla on three consecutive mornings. On the first morning (August 10), having done two boys who saw the object at 5 a.m.

The next morning the dogs again barked.

The farm, at Goomubla, is five miles from the radio telescope site, but the object was not near the site.

According to the sons, Paul and Wayne McClintock, they watched the object as they watched for about an hour, was about the size of a saucer (of arms length) and was glowing yellowish-white.


- page 51 -

FLYING SAUCER INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE

Regular Meeting ---First Friday of each Month --- 8:30 P.M.
November 5, 1965 --- Central Y.M.C.A. on Center & Bowery Streets - Akron, O.

S I G H T I N G S

Several sightings have been reported to F S I C during this month of October. Information is continuing to come in relation to the summer sightings, and reports have continued into the fall months.

W.J.C.A.P. Investigators in the Pittsburgh, Pa. area have completed an investigation of a photograph of a U.F.O., taken in Beaver County, Pa. on August 5th.

It's a night photo of a snow a daylight object with a target trail which extends down toward the trees over which it maneuvered. The trail was not visible to the the three witnesses. The picture was declared genuine by three professional photographers. The picture was taken from an estimated one-fourth-mile.....

D A Y L I G H T

Locally, a daylight sighting was made by two employees of Columbia Chemical of Pittsburgh, Plate Glass Co. in Barberton, O. (16th St.).

The time was 10:15 A.M. on Friday, the 29th of October, 1965. The day was clear and mild. Gerald Lucart and Ernest McDowell were working outdoors in the yard. They stopped to admire a high-flying job that was trailing a long vapor trail.

A few moments later, as they crossed a part of the field, Lucart pointed to a place considerably lower than the trail and asked McDowell if it was he was seeing. Kresovic didn't see it immediately but then both men were observing a clearly outlined, very shiny bright, chrome-like ball. It came out of the north and approached until a book a relatively position at an elevation of 20 degrees. It remained in that position for 11 to 15 seconds. It then changed shape and became a long narrow cigar-like object tracing from its middle to the rounded ends of the object. Suddenly after the elapsed time a foreshortened, it accelerated away in a manner of from 1 to 5 seconds!! Lucart tried to alert walkers some yards away but was apparently unsuccessful. It disappeared into the W. J. Kresovic home, near Barberton. Around 11:30 A.M. both men related that the sky was full of vapor trails made by office-occupant planes in the same area the object had been in. This was also verified by other local watchers in the Akron area. This lasted until 3:00 P.M. Both men declared that a camera would have recorded a picture. An estimate at miles.

The object's intense brilliance did not change during the shape-changing maneuver. Both men were at a loss to explain its stationary position, its meteoric speed, lack of cordage track, its extreme velocity or luminosity. No sound, trail etc was noted. No details marred its smooth surface.

On August 11, 1965 at 6:50 P.M. Gary Yohe reported seeing a clearly outlined round object he could not identify. It had a dull silver color. It came from the west, hovered over a 30 degree elevation to a position almost overhead, was driving at East Ave. near Battles Ave. The path was generally S.W. to N.E.

On July 16, 1965, at 2:00 P.M., Joseph Bralok was driving N. on Brown St., near Cole & Lowes Lane. The day was clear and cool with a few clouds. Through his windshield he saw a silvery, round object. His wife was in the sky, said Bralok. He stopped his car, got out, but there was nothing there to see, not even a glimpse.

Cleveland, O.--Oct. 9, 1965--(1) 8:40 P.M.--Round disc with rotating lights on edge---seen under cloud layer--(2) 10:00 P.M.--Triangular shape--42 tel. calls--


- page 52 -

HEADQUARTERS AIR TRAINING COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
RANDOLPH AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS 78146

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ATCOI-P
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: Hq FTD (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

The following UFO report was received this date from the San Antonio Express-News:

Two objects were sighted over the northwest portion of San Antonio. They were not considered to be at a high altitude. Description was square-shaped, silver in color with one larger than the other. Movement was sporadic and in different directions. The woman who sighted the objects and reported the sighting to the Express-News declined identity.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
Deputy Chief of Information

11 August 1965


- page 53 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Dec 65

Texas, Maryland
11 Aug 65

MYSTERY METAL FALLS IN MARYLAND: In the midst of a local saucer flap, strange metal fragments fell on the property of Peter Tuczinski, in Texas, Maryland, last August 11th. Tuczinski saw a brilliant flash just over his house at about 10 p.m., and could see something bits of "something" raining down. The metal rattled against his windows and onto the roof of his garage. The fragments, shown in the photo at the right, were sent to NASA. The report came back that preliminary tests had shown that they were not from a meteorite. Jim Wales, Baltimore's representative of Laura Fundo's semi-defunct Planetary Space Center, ventured the opinion that the metal was bits of "monitoring disks," sent out from friendly mother ships hovering high in our atmosphere. Perhaps NASA will come up with a better explanation, but as yet we do not know that their final conclusion will be.


- page 54 -

Here is the text from the newspaper clipping:

Seattle Post-Intelligencer

Flying Objects: Quite
A Few Are Reported

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to image quality, but appears to be a news article about UFO sightings]

At the top of the document, there are additional markings:
NO 6138 (Information Only)
Source: UFO Information, No 33, October 65

10 August 65
Seattle, Washington


- page 55 -

UFO Report from the 29th NORAD Region. From an unknown AFB. (Time received 0939)

From the control tower at Whiteman AFB, Missouri. Observed an object, round in shape, appeared to be the size of a huge star. Spotlight. One spotlight pointing directly toward the ground and the other spotlight pointing southeast. Object's color red, green and white, which seemed to be below the main portion of the object.

In other words on the bottom of it. And moving very slowly at approximately 10 knots. Weather in the area close. Visibility unlimited. And this object is being tracked by radar on both height and search presently.

Measuring 5,000 feet altitude and two on a duty in the Control room have been observing this object now for three hours and still observing it. And presently had another position on it) 006 degrees 76 miles from Kansas, still holding 5,000 feet and moving very slowly to the southeast. Now that I all I have now. Haven't checked to find out if it is a balloon or not have you? No, it might add to that when they first started observing it appeared to be moving back and forth kind irratic like not going in any certain direction. Now it is holding steady on a southeasterly heading. I don't think it would have spotlights on it if it were a balloon. At least not like this fellow saw it.

Ok. Thank you.


- page 56 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review
Nov-Dec 65

7 Aug 65
Patrimoine, Corsica

CORSICA
Violet light
The Cyma Mail of August 8 tells
how: "Objects emitting rays of dark
violet light appeared in the sky above
the Corsican village of Patrimoine,
near Bastia, last Sunday."


- page 57 -

12 - 16 AUGUST 1965 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

12      Ramona, California         [Redacted]                Insufficient Data
12      Duluth, Minnesota           [Redacted]                Satellite (ECHO II)
12      Sioux City, Iowa            [Redacted]                Balloon
12      Chicago, Illinois           [Redacted]                Aircraft (MIRAGS)
12      W-PAFB, Ohio                [Redacted]                Insufficient Data
12      Amarillo, Texas             [Redacted]                1. Astro (STARS)
12      Sioux City, Iowa            [Redacted]                2. Astro (METEOR)

12      Happy, Texas                [Redacted]                Astro (METEOR)
12      Seattle, Washington         [Redacted]                Aircraft
12      Big Springs, Texas          [Redacted]                Satellite

12      Duluth, Minnesota           [Redacted]                1. Astro (METEOR)
12      Providence, Rhode Island    [Redacted]                2. Satellite (ECHO II)
12      Pleasant Hill, Missouri     [Redacted]                Aircraft
12      Toledo, Ohio                [Redacted]                Astro (ANTARES)

13      Greensburg, Pennsylvania    [Redacted]                Aircraft
13      Beaver, Pennsylvania        [Redacted]                Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
13      Pueblo, Colorado            [Redacted]                Astro (ARCTURUS)
13      Corsellis, Belgium          [Redacted]                Satellite
13      Miamisburg, Ohio            [Redacted]                Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
13      Duluth, Minnesota           [Redacted]                Astro (MARS)
13      Baden, Pennsylvania         [Redacted]                Other (HOAX)
13      Kansas City, Missouri       [Redacted]                Aircraft
13      Kansas City, Missouri       [Redacted]                Other (INCONSISTENT DATA)
13      Urbana, Ohio                [Redacted]                Other (PSYCHOLOGICAL)
13-16   Duluth, Minnesota           [Redacted]                Astro (METEOR)

14      Newport News, Virginia      [Redacted]                Satellite
14      Duluth, Minnesota           [Redacted]                Satellite (ECHO II)
14-15   Austin, Texas               [Redacted]                Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
14-15   Celmar City, Illinois       [Redacted]                Aircraft

15      Duluth, Minnesota           [Redacted]                Aircraft
15      Portsmouth, Virginia        [Redacted]                Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
15      Bryte, California           [Redacted]                Astro (MARS)
15      Thackery, Ohio              [Redacted]                Aircraft

16      Dayton, Ohio Area           [Redacted]                Satellite
16      Albuquerque, New Mexico     [Redacted]                Balloon
16      Little Rock, Arkansas       [Redacted]                Satellite
16      Laredo, Texas               [Redacted]                Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
16      Columbus, Ohio              [Redacted]                Aircraft
16      South Wardboro, Vermont     [Redacted]                Aircraft
16      Chicago, Illinois           [Redacted]                Aircraft
16      Auburn, New York            [Redacted]                Aircraft
16      Cleveland, Ohio             [Redacted]                Satellite
16      Dayton, Ohio                [Redacted]                Aircraft
16      Kingston, New York          [Redacted]                Satellite (ECHO II)
16      Trotwood, Ohio              [Redacted]                1. Satellite (ECHO II)
                                                              2. Astro (CAPELLA)


- page 58 -

12 - 16 AUGUST 1965 SIGHTINGS
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE       LOCATION                SOURCE                  EVALUATION

12         Foley Dubs, England     Flying Saucer Review
13         Carlisle, England       Flying Saucer Review
13         Benton, Washington      Saucer News
13         Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania   NICAP
13         Lynn, Massachusetts     Flying Saucer Review
14         Strumreef, Scotland     UFO International
15         Canberra, Australia     Flying Saucer Review
15-20      Windsor, Green, England Letter
           Near Platteville, Colorado


- page 59 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
12     Aug     65
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day:    02    02
                Hours   Minutes
(Circle One):    AM     or    P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One):    a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

(Circle One):    a. Daylight Saving
                b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Whiteman AFB                                 Mo.
Nearest Postal Address                City or Town            State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    2
                                    Hours   Minutes   Seconds

    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
                        d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes        No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                             NIGHT
    a. Bright                       a. Bright
    b. Cloudy                       b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at this object?
(Circle One):    a. In front of you    d. To your left
                b. In back of you     e. Overhead
                c. To your right      f. Don't remember

TTD OCT 15 164    This form supersedes AF 164, 1 Jul 55, which is obsolete.


- page 60 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Seem to be disk-like or round?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 61 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ____________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of: ____________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Page 3


- page 62 -

