PROJECT 10673 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 11 October 65 11/0700Z
2. LOCATION: Chicago, Illinois
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Not Reported
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: A/C

No data presented to indicate object could NOT have been an A/C

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object like a large star, in the shape of a Cross. Similar to an A/C. White width red tail. Star shape when standing still round when moving. Red tail, with a slight roar. Shape turned around when it took off.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Handwritten at top of page, partially illegible]
...250 speed object was...
...made a first long slow...
...after slowly low slow pass.

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   [No]

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   [No]

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
[a] Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
[b] In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
- North           c. East           g. South           g. West
b. Northeast      d. Southeast      f. Southwest       h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     [Yes]   No
b. Sun glasses    Yes     No
c. Windshield     [Yes]   No
d. Window glass   [Yes]   No

e. Binoculars     Yes     No
f. Telescope      Yes     No
g. Theodolite     Yes     No
h. Others [partially illegible writing]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Bottom of page contains some partially illegible handwritten text, including "CANTA LOOP" and other scribbled notes]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

MAY BE THE SAME OBJECT
BUT IT CHANGED SHAPE.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
me and my friends laughed when
I told my story.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] CHICAGO, ILL 60617
TELEPHONE NUMBER NONE     AGE 32    SEX FEMALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I HAVE SEEN SHOOTING STARS
+ FALLING STARS BUT NOTHING
LIKE THIS.
If this is my first time may help you out, else these are planes growing up and arrive instead to just watching
going over base per mile to maybe point to USAF planes, 
greatly our county. Between 7,000 + 12 mile mile.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[partially illegible text at bottom of page]


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    11 month    Dec 27    65
                                              Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[Handwritten text, partially difficult to read precisely:]

I am quite sure I cannot now imagine who the object was. I was aware that type of object was one of planes.

I do believe that other people saw this as we did. There were quite a few people home. Across this way and on this drive. Since it was so beautiful clear, I strongly felt, that something turned while an eye saw it. I do not know what to think of young man who denied the phone was my point.

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 5 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 31 October 65  01/0500Z
2. LOCATION: Chicago, Illinois (1)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 45 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (BX)
7. COURSE: NW
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: A/C
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object appeared round, yellowish color. Observer looked in the direction of constellation and noticed moving. Object was first sighted in SSW at 45 deg angle above horizon. Had erratic motion. Object disappeared over tree tops NW at 45 deg above horizon. Binoculars were used to view object.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)


- page 6 -

COMBAT READINESS TRAINING OPERATIONS
920TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP, MEDIUM (RESERVE)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
O'HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
Chicago, Illinois 60666

SUBJECT: U.F.O.                                                     2 Nov. 1965

A. Description of the object:
   1. Would you please describe object's shape    Round

   2. Size as compared to a known object held in the hand at arm's
      length. (Such as a pea, dime, nickel, baseball, etc.)    Apple

   3. Color    Yellowish

   4. Number    One (1)

   5. Formation, if more than one    None

   6. Any discernible features or details    None

   7. Was there a tall, trail or exhaust, including size of same compared
      to size of object    None

   8. Was there any sound? If so, please describe the sound    None

   9. Other pertinent or unusual features    Not moving in straight path


- page 7 -

B. Description of course of object.
1. What first called the attention of observer to the object.
Looked in the direction of a constellation and notice object moving. Did not notice it there before.

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed:
South South West 45 degrees angle above horizon.

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance:
North West 45 degrees above horizon.

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object: Static

5. How did the object disappear (Fade away or instantaneously):
Disappeared over tree tops.

6. How long was the object visible? (Be specific, 5 min, one hour):
45 seconds

C. Manner of observation.
1. How was object sighted, ground-visual, air visual, ground electronic, air electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar): Ground Visual

2. Were any optical aids used. (Telescope, binoculars): Binoculars

3. Was this an airborne sighting? If so: N/A
A. Type A/C
B. Ident No
C. Altitude
D. Heading
E. Speed
F. Home Station
G. Telephone No

2 (page number at bottom)


- page 8 -

D. Time and date of sighting
1. Time: Zulu 0500
2. Was it: night, day, dawn, dusk: night

Date: 1 Nov, 1965

E. Location of Observer. Where did you make the sighting? Give exact location. (If necessary give location in reference to a known land mark)
Otte Manor Chicago, Ill.
87 degrees 35 min. West 41 degrees 42 min. North

F. Identifying Information on Observer
1. Civilian Name: [redacted]
2. Age: 29
3. Mailing Address: [redacted] Ill.
4. Occupation: Student
5. Nationality: Air
6. Telephone No.: [redacted]

Military: N/A
1. Name:
2. Grade:
3. Organization:
4. Duty:
5. Reliability:
6. Telephone No.:

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sightings
1. Observer's account of weather conditions: Clear

2. Winds (from Weather Bureau):
Aloft:
6,000   290   15 Kts
10,000  300   20 "
16,000  320   45 "
20,000  320   55 "
30,000  320X  65 "
50,000  350   60 "
80,000  XXXXX " XXXXX "

3. Ceiling: Clear
4. Visibility: Unrestricted
5. Amount of cloud layer: None
6. Thunderstorm in area: None
7. Vertical Temp Gradient: Not available


- page 9 -

1. Did you notice any unusual activity or conditions, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting? (blank)

L. Did you take any photographs None
Do you know of any existence of physical evidence of materials None

INITIALS JEH

I feel more than likely this party sighted an aircraft at a great distance, was not so sure of what he was looking at the time, was hard to get an understanding. Partially in was he should explain and how.

Ernest M. Hegeler
USAF CIVILIAN
Aircraft Dispatcher

923TH TRP CARR GP
O HARE INTL APRT
CHICAGO, ILL. - 60666
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

POSTAGE AND FEES PAID
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE

AEC (PD)
Wright - Patterson AFB
Ohio 45433

4


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Churchville, N.Y. 16 Oct 65
To: Case File Only

TDET /Maj H Quintanilla, Jr/TO916/mhs/14 Sep 66
UFO Sighting, Churchville, New York, 16 October 1965

SEP 19 1966

Hq USAF (SAFOICC)

Reference the attached unidentified flying object report from Miss

a. Dear M[illegible]

Reference your letter of 23 August 1966 concerning the observance of an unidentified flying object on 16 October 1965. Your report has been studied by our analysts and they are unable to reach a conclusive explanation due to the date of your sighting.

Sightings such as yours are extremely difficult to trace since there is such a time lapse involved. Even reports several months old are somewhat difficult to analyze.

I regret the unfortunate circumstances that arose, causing such a delay in reporting your observation. Your report will be kept on file to aid our analysis in their future investigations.

If in the future you observe a similar unidentified object, please in place a collect telephone call to the nearest Air Force Base. They in turn will do a prompt investigation.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force. For your information we are enclosing the brochure on Project Blue Book which describes the Air Force's program on unidentified flying objects.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WARREN S. WHEELES, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION:

TDET: Maj H Quintanilla, Jr    DATE 14 SEP 66

[Signature]               DATE 15 SEP 66


- page 11 -

COMBAT READINESS TRAINING OPERATIONS
928TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP, MEDIUM (RESERVE)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
O'HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
Chicago, Illinois 60630

SUBJECT: U.F.O.

A. Description of the object:
1. Would you please describe object's shape: Very Large Star in the shape
of a Cross. Similar to Airplane upside down.

2. Size as compared to a known object here is the same at about two
length. (Such as a pea, dime, nickel, baseball, etc.) Dia.

3. Color: White with Red Tail

4. Number: One

5. Formation, if more than one: N/A

6. Any discernible features or details: Star shape when standing still
Round when moving

7. Was there a tall, trail or exhaust, including size of same compared
to size of object: Red Tail

8. Was there any sound? If so, please describe the sound:
Slight Roar

9. Other pertinent or unusual features: Star turned round when it took
off.


- page 12 -

Rochester, N.Y.
August 23, 1966

Headquarters, USAF
Washington, D.C.
Dept. of the Air Force

Gentlemen:

Enclosed please find completed
Form FTD Oct 62 164 also
Exhibits 1, 2, 3.

Any other information, please
feel free to ask me.

I am very interested in
this subject and wish and
if you have any material
to read: I would appreciate a
copy.

The Colonel's name at L Rome, N.Y.
I just can't remember. Does it
Rochester have enough to contact him?
care of emergency (?) I know and there
will (?) help.

Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
No Comparison

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: Red light on septienne
Blurry bright light at first
Bright light soft in front
as last frame towards us

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

MISS ANNA M. REES
231 Grand Street
Rochester, N. Y. 14605

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
16 Oct 1965
Saturday Evening

2. Time of day: 11 10
Hour Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): (a.) Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Driving home car Churchville 71.9. Monreal
Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
1 55
Hours Minutes Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright b. Bright (Very bright)
b. Cloudy b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? N/C
(Circle One): a. In front of you d. To your left
b. In back of you e. Overhead
c. To your right f. Don't remember

(Evening)

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, 1 Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [No response]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
[Handwritten response appears to say: appeared to be close not whole 500 feet or near earth's ring]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 25 miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
[Handwritten response appears to say: not until I reached home]

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other [Handwritten additional text]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw

[Handwritten response appears to be: Senior Circus white bright surface on some picture - might be with plane - eight or either and went off.]


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

MISS ANNA M. RIPS
41 Samuel Street
Washington, N.Y. 14095

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
    All slight went out a night and it was a gone, after constant watching for 20mins f

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
    it moved behind: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
    in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound:   None
    b. Color:   Almost Invisible except for lights

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
    much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
    sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
    Only the light at either end (just light). The light was actually in the two large to be covered by match & little.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
    of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
    Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving:
    Coming from Churchville - looking only seconds to travel to be directly in front of my car - it gyrated up & down - also tilted & rolled somewhat to side.

    [Additional notes and markings on the bottom of the page]


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Eyes In November 1952 while on
Suhject near Frankfort, Ill. many
(Coming from Black Valley town - 15 FWY)

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they saw the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted lines]
Rochester, NY 14606

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] Rochester, NY 14606
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 62   SEX F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
I served active duty from 3/7/45 to 9/10/1953
21 S. Army Medical Tech, WA @ Sgt.
until 11/16/45 - Hawarde De service
from 7/16/53, a Dept Army Civ
YE 400 m. Reins Central Tactical Hq Commander
Continued Bladder (now inactive)
Retired since Sept 1946 to Sept 16, 1953
[Partially illegible text at bottom]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Rochester area post
[Partially illegible text at bottom]


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

MISS ANNA M. BIES
12 Tunnel Street
Rochester, N.Y. 14608

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved lines to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

[Handwritten text near the sketch appears to be partially illegible]

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten text reads: "See mng Ephebites"]

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Only one
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Handwritten text reads: "See mng Ephebites"]


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 28 July 1966
    Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

P.S. Reason this questionnaire was not immediately answered: I had an injured R. hand-

(See Exhibits)
1, 2, 3

attached

P.S. This was no plane, no Bailout, etc. was it a figment of our imagination. It was something we just could not explain. Object have had something to do with the "Blackout" which into only advance 2

[Note: The last line appears to be partially cut off or obscured]


- page 20 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Imp. Wt.

Ames St.

Mt. Rood St.

Catholic Church

Some text on the right side of the page appears to be partially illegible, but includes fragments like:

"...suddenly...
...thought...
...quickly...
...nights..."

At the bottom right of the page, there appears to be a small black object or stamp.

The document appears to be a hand-drawn map or diagram with various street and location notations.


- page 21 -

Date: Oct. 16, 1965
Saturday

Time: 11:00 PM
Effective: 2-

In Space

[A hand-drawn diagram of an arched shape with sections labeled "Very bright", "Lights", with color notations of "White Light" and "Red Light"]

Seeing as how this object can gyrate Up and Down back and forth, sideways in a split second - it was fascinating - lights on and sudden No lights - and yet it could be plainly seen. Grayish form in the sky.

About 100 ft above me - seemed to follow the Buffalo Rd - about 8 car lengths ahead of me - all the way into Rochester - where I turned left into Mt. Read Blvd - it did likewise - it turned Right on Jay St. so did IT. It followed me until I reached my home on Immel St. when again the lights on either or all appeared.

W.

U.S. Air Force Technical Information


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

B. Description of course of object.
1. What first called the attention of observer to the object.
Got up to put window down

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed
90°

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance
Straight to the left.

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object
Stood still, made a loop, moved straight left

5. How did the object disappear (Fade away or instantaneously)
Moved way to left very fast.

6. How long was the object visible? (Be specific, 5 min, one hour)
5 min

C. Manner of Observation.
1. How was object sighted. ground-visual, air visual, ground electronic, air electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar)
Ground visual

2. Were any optical aids used. (Telescopes, Binoculars)
NO

3. Was this an airborne sighting? If so: N/A
A. Type A/C
B. Ident No
C. Altitude
D. Heading
E. Speed
F. Home Station
G. Telephone No
2


- page 23 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Cont. from No. 1

Eastman Kodak
Exhibit 3

Parked Exhibit
Flight Plane

2

House
9 West
Street

House

Hansel St.

The text on the right side of the document appears to continue, but parts are difficult to read clearly. There are also several hand-drawn diagrams and sketches of buildings and street layouts on the page.

Some partially legible text on the right side includes phrases like:
"...it seemed the Eastman Kodak State st area..."
"...to raise itself on such a formation..."
"...this continued at about 1:15 a.m., with..."

The document appears to be a report with sketches and notes related to some kind of observation or incident.


- page 24 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

16 Oct 65
Ecuador

Alarm in Ecuador

The government of some of the smaller states are no longer hiding their fears that an 'invasion' is imminent. Ecuador, for example, has been the scene of "Alarm, panic and commotion" (Voices Populares of São Paulo, October 10). The towns and upland Andean regions have witnessed hundreds of saucers flying overhead, and an announcement on channel 6 of the Quito TV service recently stated that a large part of the population was at that moment watching a luminous object, certainly not a satellite, as it passed overhead. An eleven-man team had set off to climb the volcano Recu Pichincha, east of Quito, to investigate happenings up there; the team included photographers, reporters and army signallers.


- page 25 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

17 Oct 65
Surrey, England

Bexhill pose
Reader S. F. Lover of 91 Rose Hill
Park West, Sutton, Surrey, writes to
tell of a sighting by himself and two
friends on October 17, 1965.

Mr. Lover was walking towards the
live near Hastings, and was looking
out across houses and fields towards
Bexhill (Sussex) when he saw what he
first took to be a bright star setting
beyond a line of trees about half a
mile away. It was about 6.30 p.m.,
and the sun was setting in a clear sky.

The possibility that the object was a
planet was dismissed when it was seen
to be twinkling, and the three witnesses then assumed that it was an
aircraft navigation light. When,
after fifteen minutes, the light was still
in approximately the same position,
and "moving strangely upwards and
downwards, and also moving horizontally, and a fair distance too, judging
from the angle and distance of the
trees" the aircraft explanation was
ruled out.

Someone then suggested that it
could be a light moving up and down
a building being erected near Bexhill,
but our reader borrowed some
binoculars and clearly observed that the
light came from an elliptical object a
few hundred feet up. I should say, I
saw no tower or form of structure
near it, and got the impression that
the object was not only moving slowly,
but was turning as well. At 6.50 p.m.
it shone with the colour of a star or
planet, but at 7 p.m. it was reddish in
texture. At that time I went into the
house for a few minutes; when I
returned, the object had disappeared.
Not one of us who observed the
phenomenon are given to flights of
fancy, but we all felt we had seen
something we just could not explain.

[Elliptical or swollen object seen to
here from busy along the South Coast
rarely.—Editors]


- page 26 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

21 Oct 65
Transkei, Africa

Hovering Object in
Transkei

From the Rand Daily Mail of
October 23, 1965, we learn from an
Umtata reporter how: "An unidentified
flying object that hovered and then
moved off at high speed was sighted in
the Transkei this week.

The object was seen on Thursday
afternoon from the trading station of
Mr. N. E. Cousins, of Mciwane in the
Mqunguli district, by five Africans.
In bright sunlight, it appeared as big

as the evening star and glowed a
bright blue-green.

Mr. Cousins said every Tuesday
and Thursday he and his servants
watch for the new Boeing airliner
which passed directly over his station.
He saw the plane from inside his
home and then went out to see his
servants still staring skywards. 'They
shouted to me about an object, and I
ran over to have a look. As I got to
them it disappeared, moving very
quickly to the west. They told me it
hovered absolutely motionless for
nearly five minutes before moving off.
There was no noise,' said Mr.
Cousins."

(Credit: Philipp Himan, Umtata, Natal)


- page 27 -

Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol 13, #1, Mar 66

Hooksett, N.H.
22 October 65

MORE CLOSE SIGHTINGS IN NEW HAMPSHIRE: On October 22nd, at least two very good sightings were made in New Hampshire - the first by a man named Os-car J. Jugar, and the second by a man who refused to allow the newspapers to release his name.

Mr. Jugar was driving on Pleasant St. in Hooksett at 6:50 p.m., just before dark, when he saw a bright flying object over the Merrimack River. Shortly thereafter, he stopped his car and looked at the object through binoculars for several minutes, as it moved erratically in the valley. The top of the source was dome-shaped, and glowed red, while the rounded sides were a bright white.

Fifteen minutes later, the other man was driving on Merrimack St., half-mile north of Hooksett, village, when his attention was called by a low-flying object coming south along the Merrimack River Valley. By that time he was almost directly over the observer's head. He jumped out of his car and watched the UFO carefully. It was then only 1 1/2 to 2 hundred feet above the ground and appeared to have three bright green lights spaced about 50 to 60 feet apart. It also had a red light three or four feet above one of the green lights. It remained stationary for about a minute and then began to sway slightly from side to side. Then it suddenly moved away rapidly in a southerly direction. There was no sound except a hissing noise like the of a steam coming out of a radiator valve. (Manchester, N.H. Union Leader, 10/23/65.)


- page 28 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66                                                                   25 Oct 65
                                                                             England

Guildford mystery
Two readers, Messrs. Richard Beet
of Bramley, Surrey, and O. F. Fowler,
of Ash Vale, Aldershot, sent us an
item from the Surrey Advertiser
October 27 describing a sky object
observed by a group of employees of
Plastic Coating Ltd., of Guildford,
and reported to the newspaper by
Mr. Fowler. The sighting took place
on October 29 at about 4 p.m. Mr.
Fowler said in a letter to the editor:

"The object was seen by three people
before I appeared on the scene to have
a look at what was going on. The
weather conditions were perfect: a
clear blue sky and little apparent
wind.

"The object appeared in the shape
of a silver ball, and the actual size as
seen with the naked eye was only
about 3 in. in diameter. It barely
seemed to be moving, and if it moved
at all, it moved slowly eastwards. I
watched it for about two or three
minutes with one other person present
(another person was also watching
from the other side of our factory)
when suddenly the silver ball seemed
to spin, then it exploded without any
sound. Fragments were visible for a
few seconds and they appeared to
hang in the air without falling, then
they quickly disappeared.

"I thought this may have been a
met. balloon, so I telephoned the
R.A.E. Met. Office at Farnborough
(I worked on Aircraft maintenance at
their Empire Test Pilots' School for
three years) and explained what I
had seen. I queried the wind direction at 10,000 feet and if any met.
balloons were in the area. The
answer was (a) wind direction due
South, (b) Wind speed was 20 knots.

"One met. balloon was released
early in the day from Christchurch (I
think they said) and in any case it
should have been miles away by then.

"The sighting is interesting because the fighting was by more than
one person, a met. balloon should not
have been in that area. The object did
not appear to move significantly and
in any case in the strong direction
relative to the wind), also met.
balloons usually reach about 70,000
feet before they explode. Unfortunately the size of the object and true
height could not even be guessed at.
It compares with a UFO sighted in
Spain (your magazine September/
October, page 36)."

Mr. Beet gave details of further
confirmation of the sighting. A
friend of his, Miss Yvonne Ayling of
Guildford Park Avenue had told him
that her young brother and a number
of his school friends had watched
something funny* in the sky on
Monday, October 25, at "teatime",
from the playground of Ludlow Road
School, Guildford.


- page 29 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

26 Oct 65
London, England

Penge mystery
Reader W. R. Stapleton of 20
Mundania Road, London, S.E.22,
sent us the following account: "Last
night, October 26, 1965, at approxi-
mately 10 p.m. my wife and I were
standing in the car park of the
'Crooked Billet' (Penge) when my
wife saw a faint moving light in the
sky. It was moving to our left and
away from us.

"Plotting this on a map later, I
found that we were looking almost
due west when we first saw it and it
was moving in a straight line South
East to a point due south of us.

"After about 10-15 seconds it
started to get brighter (about as bright
as a dim star). A few seconds of this
and then it suddenly became a
brilliant white. Once again it stayed
like this for a few seconds, then became dim again.

"I lost sight of it then for a few
seconds and the next time I saw it, it
was heading straight for us (due
north), then began to veer to the left
(our right), as if to follow a parallel
course back the way it had come,
gradually fading from view as it did
so.

"It did not appear again. The
whole incident took about one
minute. I have no idea how high it
was, no more than 25 miles from at
most 15 at least.

"PS. I hope this will confirm some-
one else's report."


- page 30 -

FLYING SAUCER INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE

Regular Meeting ---First Friday of each Month --- 8:30 P.M.

November 5, 1965 --- Central Y.M.C.A. on Center & Bowery Streets - Akron, O.

S I G H T I N G S

Several sightings have been reported to F S I C during the month of October. Information is continuing to come in relation to the summer sightings, and the reports have continued into this fall month.

M.R.C.P. Investigators in the Pittsburgh, Pa., area have completed an investigation of a photograph of a U.F.O. taken in Beaver County, Pa., on August 8th. It's a night photo; it shows a disc-like object with a tapering trail which extends down through the trees over which it meandered. The trail was not visible to the two witnesses. The picture was declared genuine by three professional photographers. The picture was taken from an estimated one-fourth mile.

D A Y L I G H T

Locally, a daylight sighting was made by two employees of Columbia Chemical or Pittsburgh Plate Glass Co. in Barberton, O. (16th St.)

The time was 10:45 A.M. on Friday, the 29th of October, 1965. The day was clear and mild. Gerald Lucart and Ernest Kresovic were working outdoors in the yard. They stopped to admire a high-flying jet that was trailing a long vapor trail.

A few moments later, as they crossed a part of the field, Lucart pointed to a place considerably lower than the jet-trail and asked Kresovic what it was he was seeing. Kresovic didn't see it immediately but then both men more closely outlined, very shiny bright, obviously a ball. It came out of the north and approached until it took a stationary position at an elevation of 20 degrees. It remained in that position for from 11 to 15 seconds. It then changed shape and became a long narrow cigar-like object tapering from its middle to the rounded ends of the object. Suddenly after the elapsed time accentuated, it accelerated away in a matter of from 4 to 6 seconds. Lucart trial to make a detailed description, but it appeared into the N.E. - losing more of its elevation in relation to the horizon.

Around 11:30 A.M. both men related that the sky was full of vapor trails made by crisscrossing planes in the same area. This object had been in this area for miles.

Both men declared that a camera could have recorded a picture. An estimate at altitude by Lucart was 8,000 feet. Reasons cited for its distance of 6 to 10 miles.

The object's intense brilliance did not change during its shape-changing maneuver. Both men were at a loss to explain its stationary position, its twofold speed, its lack of aerodynamic features, and its extreme reflectivity or luminosity. In the trail, it was not visible.

On August 11, 1965 at 6:50 P.M., Gary Tola reported seeing a clearly outlined round object, could not identify. It had a dull silver color. It came from the area of the sun and took only 8 seconds to move from an elevation of 30 degrees to a position almost overhead. He was driving on East Ave., near Hattie Ave.

On July 16, 1965, at 2:00 P.M., Joseph Brelak was driving N. on Brown St. near Cole & Lorain, Cleveland, O. The day was clear and cool with a few clouds. Through his windshield he saw silvery, round object. It was like a dime in the sky. Said Brelak, he stopped his car, got out, but there was nothing there to see, not even an airplane.

Cleveland, O.---Oct. 9, 1965--(1) 8:40 P.M.---Round disc with rotating lights on edge---soon under cloud layer---drifts(2) 10:00 P.M.---Triangular shape--12 ft. cells---


- page 31 -

1 - 30 NOVEMBER 1965 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                        OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

Nov     Houston, Texas Area             (6 Reports) Filed with     Ellington AFB Folder)
Mid     Wildwood, Mexico                                           Other (REFLECTIONS)
1-15    Lake Erie Canada                                           Astro (VENUS)
2       Chicago, Illinois                                          Aircraft
2       Riverside, Illinois                                        Aircraft (ADVERTISING)
2       Belmont, Ohio                                              Aircraft (ADVERTISING LIGHTS)
3       Chicago, Illinois                                          Astro (CAPELLA)
3       Union City, Indiana                                        Insufficient Data
3       26,300 125,30E (Pacific)                                   Astro (METEOR)
3-8     Sturgis, Michigan                                          Astro (VENUS)
4       Middletown, Ohio                                           1. Aircraft
                                                                   2. UNIDENTIFIED
4       Chicago, Illinois                                          Astro (VENUS)
4       Des Plaines, Illinois                                      Aircraft (ADVERTISING SIGN)
4       Dayton, Ohio                                               Aircraft
5       Des Plaines, Illinois                                      Aircraft (ADVERTISING SIGN)
5       Oxford, Ohio                                               Aircraft
5       Bellingham, Massachusetts                                 1. Astro (STARS)
                                                                   2. Aircraft
6       Park Meadows, Pennsylvania                                Aircraft
7       Cape Hatteras Beach, North Carolina                        Military
7       New York, New York                                         Astro (SIRIUS)
9       Dayton, Ohio                                               Insufficient Data
9       Cleveland, Ohio                                            Astro (VENUS)
9       Forestville, Connecticut                                   Aircraft
9       Chicago, Illinois                                          Other (FLARES)
10      Barview, Oregon                                            Aircraft (ADVERTISING LIGHT)
11      Anderson Creek, Oregon                                     Astro (VENUS)
11      Chicago, Illinois                                          Astro (ARCTURUS)
12      Bull Creek, Pecos County, Texas                            Aircraft
12      Aberdeen, Maryland                                         1. Astro (METEOR)
                                                                   2. Meteorological Rock
14      Middletown, Ohio                                           Astro (VENUS)
14      Clinton, Indiana                                           Astro (VENUS)
14      Iceland & Atlantic Ocean                                   Astro (METEOR)
15      Middletown, New York                                       Astro (VENUS)
15      Brooksville, Florida                                       Insufficient Data
15      Dunedia Causeway, Florida                                  Astro (METEOR)
15      Columbus, Ohio                                             Other (CHEMICAL TRAILS)
15      Neustadt, Germany                                          N/A
15      Pocatello, Idaho                                           Other (MISSILE/ROCKET)
15      Lutz, Florida                                              Astro (MISSILE LAUNCH)
15      25.04N 128.44S (Pacific)                                   Insufficient Data
15      Dearborn, Missouri                                         Military
17      Illawara, North Carolina                                   Astro (METEOR)
17      23.5N 173.44W (Pacific)                                    Other (METEOR SHOWER)
17                                                                 Other (MISSILE)


- page 32 -

- 30 NOVEMBER 1965 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

17      Bedford, Virginia          Multiple                   Astro (VENUS)
18      Buffalo, New York                                     Aircraft
18      Bronx, New York                                       Other (BIRDS)
18      Terrace Park, Ohio                                    Other (SEARCHLIGHTS)
18      Karner, North Dakota                                  Insufficient Data
19      Indianapolis, Indiana                                 Aircraft
19      Garibaldi, Oregon                                     Other (LIGHTNING)
21      Jim Hogg County, Texas                                Aircraft
25      Dallas, Texas                                         Astro (VENUS)
25      Tok Junction, Alaska                                  Other (FLARE)
26      Jonesboro, Arkansas                                   Insufficient Data
26      Phoenix, Arizona                                      Other (BIRDS)
27      Mt Vernon, Maine                                      Astro (METEOR)
29      San Juan, New Mexico (Pacific)                         Astro (METEOR)
30      OAK PARK, ILLINOIS                                    ASTRO METEOR

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                   SOURCE                     EVALUATION

Nov     Cincinnati, Ohio                                      NICAP
Nov     Palo Alto, California                                 
Nov     Salem, Massachusetts                                  
Nov     England                                               Flying Saucer Review
3       England                                               Flying Saucer Review
4       England                                               Flying Saucer Review
5       England                                               Flying Saucer Review
9       New York (Blackout)                                   Flying Saucer Review
13      Norton, Massachusetts                                 NICAP
18      Pennsylvania                                          Memo for Record
24      Argentina                                             Saucer News
27      Confluence, Pennsylvania                              Saucer News
28      New Orleans, Louisiana                                
29      Wallops Island, Virginia                              NASA


- page 33 -

D. Time and date of sighting
1. Time Zulu (07002)
2. Was it, nightly, day, dawn, dusk
Night

Date 11 Oct 65

E. Location of Observer. Where did you make this sighting from? Give exact location. (If necessary give location in reference to a known land mark)
622 W. Patterson 3500N

F. Identifying Information on Observer
1. Civilian Name
2. Age 29
3. Mailing Address
4. Occupation Gonsalfs
5. Reliability Good
6. Telephone No.

Military:
1. Name
2. Grade
3. Organization
4. Unit
5. Reliability
6. Telephone No.

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sightings
1. Observer's account of weather conditions Clear - Cold
Full Moon Not Many Stars

2. Winds (from Weather Bureau)
Surface 290         Degrees 4   Kts
Aloft 6,000         "   "   "
10,000               "   "   "
15,000               "   "   "
20,000               "   "   "
30,000               "   "   "
50,000               "   "   "
80,000               "   "   "

3. Ceiling 8000 Overcast
4. Visibility 12 Miles
5. Amount of Cloud layer 8000 Overcast
6. Thunderstorm in area and Quadrant in which located
7. Vertical Temp Gradient Unknown

3


- page 34 -

k. Did you notice any unusual activity or conditions, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting?
No

l. Did you take any photographs
Do you know of any existence of physical evidence of materials.
No

INITIALS JBW

Individual seems reliable. She was positive in her answers and sure of what she saw.

JAMES WHELAN
Capt. USAF
Civilian
Flight Operations Clerk

4


- page 35 -

JTPD (IDSW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
20 December 1965

Chicago, Illinois

Dear [redacted],

In reviewing our cases for the month of October, we were unable to come to a definite conclusion as to the cause of your sighting of 11 October 65. Would you please fill out the attached JTPD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 36 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Tuesday    OCT 12    1965

2. Time of day:        Hour        Minutes
(Circle One):    A.M.    or    P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One):    a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

(Circle One):    a. Daylight Saving
                b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Location details are blacked out]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    Hours    Minutes    Seconds
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    Calculated

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                    NIGHT
    a. Bright                a. Bright
    b. Cloudy                b. Cloudy
                            CLEAR
                            NO STARS

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):    a. In front of you
                b. In back of you
                c. To your right

                d. To your left
                e. Overhead
                f. Don't remember

FTD FORM    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.
OCT 63 164


- page 37 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
ABOUT TWICE AS YELLOW

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other YELLOW - FLICKERING

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush across at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 38 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
DID NOT DISAPPEAR, JUST OUT OF MY VIEW

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   [NO]   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: ______

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   [NO]   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: ______

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: OBJECT CROSS SHARP-MADE NO SOUND LIKE A CUTTING
b. Color: CROSS YELLOW - ELG YELLOW - ELG LIGHT YELLOW AS

18. [Text partially obscured, appears to be instructions about measuring angular size]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Sketch includes notes like:
- STANDING STILL
- VERY SHAPE
- CLEAR BUT NO SOUND
- VERY BEAUTIFUL
- CHANGED SHAPE - RED - LIGHT FLASHING
- FAST LOOP
- RED
- YELLOW]


- page 39 -

