PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 26 July 65 27/0435Z

2. LOCATION: Covina, California

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: One SW, One NW

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
Description, duration, speed and elevation in conflict.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
The two objects appeared solid and as a light. Bright, like a big match burning. Objects moving away from each other. Estimated speed to be 2000 mph and thousand of miles away. Objects disappeared by fading out of sight.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
26   7   65
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 7   35
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted address]
COVINA   CALIFORNIA
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                Hours   20   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
5.1 How was time in sight determined? I WILL WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTD FORM 164 OCT 62   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw this object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
THERE WERE TWO OBJECTS AND WERE MOVING AWAY FROM EACH OTHER.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: LIKE THE COLOR OF A BURNING MATCH

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
I AM NOT PERFECT SEEING AN OPERATION BUT I WOULD THINK THE OBJECT COULD BE SMALLER.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch is present with various lines and annotations, including some text near the sketch]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _______ M.P.H.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _______ MILES APPROX.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) _______
e. At sea
f. Other _______

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South           g. West
b. Northeast      d. Southeast      f. Southwest       h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No       e. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No        f. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield    Yes   No        g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window glass  Yes   No        h. Other _______

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

NONE


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten text below the drawing: NO END IT KEPT ON GOING OUT OF SIGHT]

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? NEITHER
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Handwritten text at bottom: S.W.]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
CITY Covina 9122 CALIF.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 17   SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
am a normal person and do not make up fantastically silly to get attention

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
7
Day         Month         Year


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    23   AUG   65
                                              Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the handwritten text appears to be partially illegible, with only fragments readable. The bottom portion of the page is redacted with a black marker.]


- page 8 -

I apologize, but I cannot discern any legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white document with a small dark silhouette or shape near the center, but the text is too blurry or faint to read. The page looks like it might be part of an old document or report, but the details are not clear.


- page 9 -

Text found in the image:

Page 8

Postmark text:
COVINA, CALIF.
AUG 24
1965


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
14 September 1965

1033 N
Covina, California

Dear

The description of the objects which you observed on the night of 26 July 1965 are similar to meteors. However, the duration of twenty minutes is not consistent with this evaluation. The duration is very confusing since you indicate that the object was traveling at 2000 mph. Also, an object at the distance which you indicated would show no detail. The direction of one object, speed and altitude reported indicates a possible satellite observation, but the description of the object is not in accord with this evaluation. No time motion sequence was given for the two objects.

The most likely explanation in view of the conflicting data presented, is a jet aircraft with afterburner. Your description of the object, like a burning match, and the flight is consistent with this analysis, however, a duration of 20 minutes is too long for an aircraft to be observed. The case has been evaluated as conflicting data, in view of the description, duration, speed and elevation or altitude of the object.

The attached brochure gives the results of our project since its inception. Project Blue Book is an unclassified project.

The Air Force does not engage in any activities such as you have indicated in your letter of 8 September 1965. Nor do we request the FBI or local officials to do so.

The Air Force regards all witnesses as reliable and sincere and does not question the integrity of those reporting sightings. Your report was forwarded to us from Los Angeles and the additional form was sent to you because no evaluation could be made on the original data which we received. This is the only contact which we have had with you and your report has received the evaluation given in our previous paragraph. No further investigation into this matter will be made.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr.
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Mailing Status Checkboxes]
✓ Moved, left no address
□ No such number
□ Moved, not forwardable
□ Addressee unknown
Carrier INLD No. 96-1

FTD (TD-
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

AIRMAIL

M
1038
Covina, California

FTD FORM
JUL 61 383    This form supersedes ATIC Form No. 383, dated Dec 60, which is obsolete.


- page 12 -

9/8/15

To Major Hector A. Quintanilla, Jr.
Chief, Project Blue Book, U.S.A.F.

I know this might sound strange but it is just how I fell, that someone is dumping following me around wherever I go.

When ever I turn around on the street I see someone looking at me and not just glaring with because at one time along on the 7th of September 1965, a man followed me for four long blocks until I stopped at a news stand to glance at the head-lines.

He then just passed me and went into a coffee-shop and set down.
(over)


- page 13 -

I think maybe he did.
When I kept on walking until I
was three blocks away, then than I
took a side street and came up on
the original street before.
But after I walked away from the
news-stand, across the street the
me were watching me from a parked
car until I took the side street.
Please Major Sir,
If someone is following me and
selling if I'm a lie about what
I saw on the 26th of July, 1965 and
to investigate me I went to be
left alone, but if you don't have
and action group following me like
the F.B. Fog or someone else, I'm sorry
for taking up your time on this matter.


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

(Cont.)    2

I hope you will give me a reply
very soon because I tell what I saw
out at and am not a big hoax
what I saw was in the sky that
night and also I am a good
law-abiding citizen of the U.S. of A.
and always will be, so please
send me a note off what is going
on because I am getting more
about the terrible matter.

Sincerely,

[The document also contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be an elongated object, possibly representing a UFO, at the bottom of the page.]


- page 15 -

Enclosed is a picture of
myself.

Send back if you don't
need it for I.D. THANKS 126-16


- page 16 -

HEADQUARTERS
6592D SUPPORT GROUP
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOS ANGELES AIR FORCE STATION
Air Force Post Office, Los Angeles, California 90045

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: SSGO

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)                     3 AUG 1965

TO: AFSO (FTD)
     Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference AFR 200-2.

2. The following UFO sighting was reported to the Space Systems
Division Command Post at 2206 hours, 26 July 1965:

a. Description: Two objects; no size, shape or color given
    but the appearance of burning in a center
    location was observed.

b. Course: The course was not given other than the fact that
    the objects appeared to travel in opposite directions.

c. Time and Date: 2130 local time, 26 July 1965.

d. Location of Observer: Covina, California.

e. Observer: Covina, California, telephone 389-8603.

f. Weather Conditions: Clear.

g. Unusual Activities: None.

h. Identification Actions: None.

i. Air Traffic: Normal nighttime traffic in the Los Angeles area.

j. Preparing Officer's Position and Comments:
    (1) Operations Staff Officer, 6592d Support Group.
    (2) Ronald Moore was contacted at 1300 hours, 30 July 1965;
        he was unable to add to his initial report.

HOWARD E. SHORT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy Commander

1 Atch
Ltr SSD 27 Jul 65 Extract from
Staff Duty Officer's Report


- page 17 -

HQ (AFCIN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
13 August 1965

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Your report of an unidentified flying object on the night of 26 July 1965 has been forwarded to Project Blue Book for analysis. The data which we received was not sufficient for evaluation. Therefore, request you fill out the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the self-addressed envelope provided.

The Air Force wishes to thank you for your interest in this program.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr.
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

2 Atchs
1. FTD Form 164
2. Envelope


- page 18 -

