Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
15 Feb 65 15/2000Z

2. LOCATION
Alexandria, Va

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
OTHER: BIRDS
Comments: Birds such as Gulls.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
multiple

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Four minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Looking East, bright sun behind observer. Clear sky. Obj could have been reflecting sun. Erratic motion. Obj appeared as a solid lit or light. Sharply outlined. Portions of observation included stationary flight. Obj flashed or flickered, no sound, color silver, no exhaust. Obj descended from nearly overhead to about 30 deg elev. Maybe ten obj's, just bright balls, obj's small, much smaller than a/c. Random motion, departed the area in a Westerly heading.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
ground visual

7. COURSE
random

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
15 February 1965
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 3 o'clock
Hour           Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Road                   Alexandria    Virginia
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0       4       ?
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain         c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain  d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? by a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?  Yes   No ✓

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                    NIGHT
a. Bright              a. Bright
b. Cloudy              b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 154     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
PS - The object could or seen and appeared by the sun!

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Seen or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes [No] Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes [No] Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: I heard no sound at all.
b. Color: The color looked silver.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Dont understand

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple hand-drawn sketch of several small circular objects]

This object left no exhaust trail.
The object looked bright.
The object looked round.


- page 4 -

Page 8 is visible in the top right corner of the document. However, most of the text on this page is very faint and largely illegible. I can make out a few partial words and fragments, but cannot confidently reproduce a complete, accurate transcription of the text due to the poor image quality and heavy degradation of the document.


- page 5 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     17     February     1965
                                                      Day     Month       Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

21. From what I saw, this object seemed to be very high up.
It looked as high, or higher, then an airplane would go.

The objects were small, much smaller than an airplane would be. But the brightness made the object noticeable.

The brightness of the object could of been caused by the sun reflecting against it. But it is possible, also, that the object gave off it's own light. These objects were directly above me. I had to look up in order to see them. 29. I am not sure how many objects there were. I think there were about ten at the most. The way they flew was strange. They would stop in mid air at times.

When I first saw these objects, they didn't want to leave the area they were in, but still they were moving. They would turn around and go back and forth, but each one had a path of it's own. After a while, these objects started to leave the area, all heading in the same direction.

I have never seen anything like these objects before.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF There was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
See 35
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Handwritten note at bottom:
I don't remember
how they were arranged


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted names]
Alexandria Virginia    Alexandria Virginia

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] ROAD    ALEXANDRIA    VIRGINIA
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]    AGE 11    SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
I am a school boy in the sixth grade.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
15    February    1965

Reported it to space and animatics a.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was?   See number 37

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No

e. Binoculars      Yes   No
f. Telescope       Yes   No
g. Theodolite      Yes   No
h. Other ____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

(A metal ball that is very bright, and very high up in)
(the sky. This ball would have to be sharply outlined)
(and bright in the center.)


- page 9 -

