PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
16 July 65 17/0310Z

2. LOCATION
Dudley, Massachusetts

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Possible Astro (ARCTURUS) and possible unreliable report. Data
for statistical purposes.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 - 20 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Oval-cigar shaped object, silver-yellow color about size of
a pencil at arm's length. Stationary in NW at 50 deg elevation.
Moved around in this area. Disappeared instantly by going
straight up.

Possible ARCTURUS which is in the position reported. Disappear-
ance could be attributed to haze and cloud cover indicated
to the NW in the area. There is insufficient data to justify
conclusive evaluation. The reporting official did not regard the sighting
as valid.

FTD FORM
SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
551ST AIRBORNE EARLY WARNING AND CONTROL WING (ADC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OTIS AIR FORCE BASE, MASSACHUSETTS, 02542

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 551006

SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO: AFCIN (STD), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. This letter is submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2A, paragraph
152, dated 30 Mar 64.

2. On 20 July 1965, OZ10 Zulu, two civil-
ians at the 591st Wing Operations Duty Officer at
Otis AFB, Massachusetts. On 17 July 1965, OZ10 Zulu, the two civil-
ians sighted, a UFO near-southeast of Dudley, Massachusetts. They
described it as a clear shaped disc which was stationary for 15 mi-
nutes after which it flew straight up.

3. The credibility of the information and the reliability of the

[Signature of Lt Colonel, USAF]
Deputy Commander for Operations

21 JUL 1965


- page 2 -

AFD (TDGR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
17 December 1965

Dudley, Massachusetts

Reference your unidentified observation of 17 July 65. The information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PFD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
17 July 1965
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 10PM     10:20PM
             Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Postal address is redacted]
Dudley             Mass.
City or Town       State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
        1-2:00
        Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Approx. time spent outside at window

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                           NIGHT
a. Bright                     a. Bright
b. Cloudy                     b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FORM
* FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes PTO 145, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
(Handwritten text that appears to say "Acetylene light Brighter")

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other (Handwritten text appears to say "Curved, Hfto")

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It went straight up until it was no longer visible

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know, IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: I was not behind a low cloud

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: [blank]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound
b. Color: Silvered - yellow

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a UFO is included, with arrows indicating movement to the right and left, and annotations describing the movement]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    (Yes)    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1500 mph to 2500 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    (Yes)    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 10 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?    23. Were you (Circle One):
(Circle One):                                           a. In the business section of a city?
a. Inside a building                                    b. In the residential section of a city?
b. In a car                                             c. In open countryside?
c. Outdoors                                             d. Near an airfield?
d. In an airplane (type)                                e. Flying over a city?
e. At sea                                               f. Flying over open country?
f. Other                                                g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East             e. South            g. West
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes    No            e. Binoculars       Yes    No
b. Sun glasses      Yes    No            f. Telescope        (Yes)   No
c. Windshield       Yes    No            g. Theodolite       Yes    No
d. Window glass     Yes    No            h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Copper or shaped pencil with a distinct halo to it. Pointed light with halo.


- page 7 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Handwritten note: Moved up to right then back to center]

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) (Yes) No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and address

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS - Dudley
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 116 SEX 4/6th
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I like to read any books on air travel and interested
in the space program

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? I am't remember but it
was a it on nearby at
Blue and Navy Base.


- page 9 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    20    12    65
    Day   Month  Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire is a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I was sitting outside watching for a friend when I happened to look up when I spotted and object moving very slowly between two trees and we both watched it. It stood still from a few minutes and then moved just to right. I back to center it then into the trees for my reference. I could just get a glimpse of the object for a few minutes until my friend left and I kept watching for a few minutes until it shot straight up into the sky until it was no longer visible.


- page 10 -

Report of telephone conversation on January 14, 1965, with M[illegible] Dudley, Massachusetts. Call was made to attempt to give reliability of witness, a youth at 17, end to obtain further details of sightings if possible. From the phone conversation it appeared possible that the notes ascribed to the light may have been illusionary. If so, sightings can be ascribed to the star Regulus. Case, however, bears some resemblance to the Western Massachusetts case of January 14, 1965, in which case, however, the observers were in order of magnitude greater reliability. Unfortunately, there was no way of establishing illusory nature of motion as referenced in Western sightings.


- page 11 -

TDEW

UFO Sighting, 17 Jul 65, Dudley, Massachusetts

5th Air Defense Early Warning and Control Wing (ADC)
55LOCG
Otis AFB, Massachusetts

Reference your letter, 55LOCG, 21 Jul 65 subj UFO Report.
Request your office comply with paragraphs 14 and 16 of
AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. Le JOCKKERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

ORIGINATOR: TDEW/UFO Maj G Militello, Jr.   date 24 Jul 65


- page 12 -

ITEM

UFO Sighting, 17 Jul 65, Dudley, Massachusetts

551st Airborne Early Warning and Control Wing (ADC)
551ORC
Otis AFB, Massachusetts

In order to complete evaluation of unidentified flying object reports basic information is required on all sightings reported to the Air Force. Your original letter of 21 July 1965, subject matter, did not contain sufficient information for an evaluation. On 28 July 1965 our office forwarded a letter to your organization requesting that basic information be provided to us in accordance with AFR 200-2. In the event that our previous letter was lost or misplaced we request compliance with paragraphs 14 and 15 of AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

2 Atchs
1. Ltr 551ORC, 21 Jul 65
2. Ltr TDBW, 26 Jul 65

ORIGINATOR: TDBW/UFO Maj Quintanilla, JS DATED 24 Aug 65


- page 13 -

AREA CODE 617
TEL: 938-4276/J8

HEADQUARTERS
551ST AIRBORNE EARLY WARNING AND CONTROL WING (ADC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OTIS AIR FORCE BASE, MASSACHUSETTS, 02542

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 5510N

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 17 Jul 65, Dudley, Massachusetts

TO: FTCD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference your letter, TDEW, 27 August 65, subject as above.

2. The following UFO information is submitted in accordance with the format contained in paragraph 14, AFR 200-2:

a. Description of the object.
   (1) Oval-cigar shaped.
   (2) Approximately the size of a pencil.
   (3) Silver-yellow.
   (4) One.
   (5) N/A.
   (6), (7), (8), (9), None.

b. Description of course.
   (1) Object was seen airborne over trees while the observer were standing in front of a house
   (2) 50 degree elevation, west-north-westerly direction.
   (3) Same as paragraph b(2).
   (4) Object moved left, then right, then centered and remained stationary for approximately 15 minutes.
   (5) Instantaneously straight up.


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

(6) 15 to 20 minutes.

c. Manner of observation.
   (1) Ground visual.
   (2) A telescope was used but the observers were unable to sight the object in the eyepiece because tree branches blocked the view.
   (3) N/A.

d. Time and date of sighting.
   (1) 17 July 1965, 0210 Zulu.
   (2) Night.

e. Dudley, Massachusetts, 2 miles west of Webster Lake.

f. Identity of observers.
   (1) [Redacted] 17 years old, [Redacted], Mass. Stockboy; reliability cannot be judged.
       [Redacted] 16 years old, [Redacted], Dudley, Mass. Stockboy; reliability cannot be judged.
   (2) N/A.

g. The nearest AWS from which the following data was collected is indicated in parenthesis.
   (1) Weather was clear (observer's report).
   (2) Wind direction and speed: SSW at 7 MPH (Worcester, Mass.)
   (3) 700 feet (Worcester, Mass.)
   (4) 2 miles with intermittent haze (Worcester, Mass.).
   (5) 10/10 (Worcester, Mass.)
   (6) Intermittent thunderstorms (Southbridge, Mass.).
   (7) Temperature at surface: 65°F (Worcester, Mass.)

2


- page 15 -

h. None known.

i. None.

j. None known.

k. Wing Intelligence Officer. Cause of sighting is unknown.

l. None.

3. During the telephone interview with M[illegible] the preparing officer noticed that the observer sounded quite sincere and truthful when questioned about his UFO sighting. The preparing officer does feel that this is a valid sighting. All hypotheses concerning the identity or explanation of the sighting were tested but none lead to the possible cause of identity of the object.

CHARLES P. CARLEY, Lt Colonel, USAF
Deputy Commander for Operations

3


- page 16 -

FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
17 December 1965

Dudley, Massachusetts

Dear [redacted]:

Reference your unidentified observation of 17 July 65. The information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 17 -

FPD (MCOIA)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
17 December 1965

Dudley, Massachusetts

Dear

Reference your unidentified observation of 17 July 65. The information which we received was not sufficient for further action. Request you complete the attached PFD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 18 -

