The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting a UFO-related sighting or observation.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

H. Did you notice any unusual activity or conditions, meteorological, nominal, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting?
NONE

L. Did you take any photographs or do you know of any existance of physical evidence of material?
NO

INITIALS JJW

When I called the weather bureau I was informed that one of the Furniture stores has a airplane with a Neon sign flying in the a.

JAMES T. WHELAN
All as Chief Dispatcher

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a report documenting a UFO sighting, likely part of Project Blue Book.

COMBAT READINESS TRAINING OPERATIONS
928TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP, MEDIUM (RESERVE)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
O'HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 6060

SUBJECT: U.F.O.

A. Description of the object:
1. What would you please describe the object's shape: Square very large lights
2. Size as compared to a known object held in the hand at about arm's length: (Such as a pea, dime, nickel, basketball, etc.): 4 times as large as a Basket Ball Similar to 4 drawer filing cabinet
3. Color: Yellow
4. Number: 10-12
5. Formation, if more than one:

6. Any discernible features or details: Looked like one with 10 or 12 parts all same size and shape tapered

7. Was there a tail, trail or exhaust, including size of same? No
8. Was there any sound? If so, please describe the sound: No

9. Other pertinent or unusual features: Flight pattern was so

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with various questions and fields to be filled out.

B. Description of course of object:
1. What first called the attention of observer to the object: Looked up in sky
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed: Unk 1000' feet above flight pattern
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance: Unk
4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object: Square Pattern
5. How did the object disappear (Fade away or instantaneous): Stopped looking
6. How long was the object visible?: 22 min
C. Manner of observation:
1. How was object sighted, ground-visual, air visual, or air electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar): Ground visual
2. Were any optical aids used. (Telescopes, binoculars): No
3. Was this an airborne sighting?: If so:
a. Type A/C: N/A
b. Ident No: N/A
c. Altitude: 
d. Heading:
e. Speed:
f. Home Station:
g. Telephone No:

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force initiative to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

D. Time and date of sighting: 1. Time 2230Z, 2. Date 4 nov 65
F. Location of Observer: In front of Prospect States Bank
F. Identifying Information on Observer:
1. Civilian Name: [redacted]
2. Age: 42
3. Mailing Address: [redacted]
4. Occupation: Utility Control Engineer
5. Telephone No.: [redacted]
6. Military: n/a
G. Weather and Winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sight:
1. Observer's account of weather conditions: [redacted]
2. Winds (from Weather Bureau): Surface .070 Degrees 5 Kts, 10,000 " ", 15,000 " ", 20,000 " ", 30,000 " ", 40,000 " ", 50,000 " ", 60,000 " "
3. Ceiling: Unlimited
4. Visibility: 14
5. Amount of cloud layer: none
6. Thunderstorm in area: n/a
7. Mountain and quadrant in which located: n/a

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text only.

H. Did you notice any unusual activity or conditions, meteorological or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.
No

I. Did you take any photographs or physical evidence of materials.
No

INITIALS JBW

Wife and 3 sons also witnessed sighting.
When I called weather for item G I was informed that a local store has a airplane flying around the area with a Neon Sign A
JAMES B. WHELAN
Police Clerk Dispatcher

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a U.S. Air Force study of unidentified flying objects.

Project 10073 Record
1. Date - Time Group: 2 November 55 05/2330
2. Location: Des Plaines, Illinois
3. Source: Civilian
4. Number of Objects: One
5. Length of Observation: 2 minutes
6. Weather: A/C with advertising lights
7. Course: No data presented to indicate object could be
8. Type of Observation: Ground-visual
9. Physical Evidence: No

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer stated there was a bright light observed in SE. Object was observed elevation in SE. Disappeared in a straight direction.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

COMBAT READINESS TRAINING OPERATIONS
928TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP, MEDIUM (RESERVE)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
O'HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
Chicago, Illinois 60630

SUBJECT: U.F.O.

A. Description of the object:
1. Would you please describe object's shape?
Saucer Shape 20 Lights Perimeter

2. Size as compared to a known object held at arm's length:
(Such as a Pea, Dime, Nickel, Baseball, etc.)  
Smaller ( Dime larger)

3. Color: Unk
4. Number: One
5. Formation, if more than one: Unk

6. Any discernible features or details:
Lights were flashing went out in order as they came on in order.

7. Was there a trail, trail or exhaust? If so, describe it: 
None

8. Was there any sound? If so, please describe it:
None

9. Other pertinent or unusual features: 
5000 Feet.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

B. Description of course of object.
1. What first called the attention of observer to the object:
What happen to see two lights. One was a plane traveling south.

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed:
45 South east 

3. Angle of elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance:
25 to 30 South east

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object:
Straight path

5. How did the object disappear (fade away or instant disappearance):
Out of sight

6. How long was the object visible? (be specific, 5 min, etc.): 
2 Min

G. Manner of observation:
a. Location was outdoors, ground-visual, air-visual, ground-visual, air-visual (ground-visual, ground-visual) 

2. Were any optical aids used. (Telescopes, binoculars):
No

3. Was this an airborne sighting?
A. TYPE A/C: No
B. IDNT No: 
C. ALTITUDE: 
D. SPEED:
E. HOME STATION:
G. Telephone No:

- page 8 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

Here is the text from the document:

D. Time and date of sighting:
1. Time 8:25-9:10 pm
2. Was it, night, day, dawn, dusk

E. Location of Observer. Where did you make this sighting from?
Location: (If necessary, give location in reference to a known land mark)
Glenview Ill, Central Ave & River Road

F. Identifying Information on Observer
1. Civilian Name: 
2. Age: 23
3. Address: 
4. Occupation: Salesman
5. Reliability: Good
6. Telephone No: 

Military:
1. Name:  
2. Grade: 
3. Organization:
4. Reliability:
5. Telephone No:

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sighting
1. Observer's account of weather conditions: Scattered Clouds
Moon Shining clear visibility Stratus Cumulus

2. Winds (from Weather Bureau)
Surface 
5,000 330 Degrees 7 Kts
10,000 
15,000 
20,000 
30,000
50,000
80,000

3. Ceiling 4500 Scattered 14 thin broken 
4. Visibility: 10-15 Miles
5. Ground conditions: Thunderstorm in area and quadrant in which located None
Vertical Temp Gradient: None

- page 9 -

