PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 7 Dec 65 7/2357Z

2. LOCATION: Evanston, Illinois

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: West

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: AIRCRAFT

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object looked like a distant aircraft landing light. It was in night for three minutes and disappeared behind trees. Sky was hazy. Object was bright white with an orange spark like tail going on and off. Object looked like a satellite to the observer. Observer stated that the sky was full of planes.

Due to the hazy condition of the atmosphere it is unlikely that the object was a satellite. Object was probably an aircraft. The white and red flashing lights observed through the haze would have the same appearance that the observer describes.

1 Witness


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    7   April   1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Sky was full of planes. I don't see how at least half a dozen pilots and somebody at O'Hare could have missed seeing it.

Out of curiosity, I'd appreciate a brief note concerning your conclusions on my "spook."

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 2 -

FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
5 April 1966

Evanston, Illinois 60201

Dear Mr.

Reference your unidentified observation of 7 December 1965. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 3 -

Evanston, Ill.
60201

Project Bluebook
MCIC-Patterson AFB

Gentlemen:

At 6:57 PK last Dec.7,I saw a star-like object passing almost exactly westbound along over Dempster St., low in the western sky from here. It moved in a trajectory similar to that of an ordinary artificial satellite, but entered a fan-shaped tail of what appeared to be a orange sparks,which went off and on, and sometimes appeared only on one side.

I realize you can't answer all these sightings, but if you have a moment, I'd appreciate knowing if my UFO was simply the second stage of a sputnik or Atlas, etc., or a legitimate "spook".

Thanks

Send 164


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Dec 7 Dec 1965

2. Time of day: 6 57
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted] Evanston Illinois
City or Town                State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0 3
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? estimate
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes √ No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. in front of you     d. To your left
             b. in back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 64 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 64, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight - rising or about to rise
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER? (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Distant aircraft landing light

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know (See below)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know

*except dimmed with distance


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Behind trees due west

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: Trees only

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: Sky was too hazy to perceive occultation of star.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None (Background noise would have obscured.)
b. Color: Bright white with orange tail

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
All of body. About half of tail at largest.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[There are 5 small sketches with arrows]

Sample sequence:
Spark-like orange tail went off (3) and on (1,4), occasionally appearing one side only (2,5). Entire sighting nearly straight west, moving away and toward horizon.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Cannot guess altitude & size

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Looked like "satellite" orbit

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other _________

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

An artificial satellite jetting or orange tail. Friends suggest it was an old second stage "skimming" the atmosphere and heating up. But the tail was symmetric and several times appeared on one side only.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high this object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Handwritten notes:
Near tree -> A
6 buildings -> B
Trees along Dempster St. -> 
(My position changed 1/2 block)

Slightly to curve in first saw it. Not sure. Then almost straight west.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Handwritten note:
one only seen


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

NO (Not counting normal satellites)

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

A passing kid, and I didn't think to ask him to look at it.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [street redacted] Evanston 60201 Ill.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 41 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:

Slightly less than 20-20 vision; astigmatism judged as requiring correction by optometrist causes "furring" of bright lights, but "furring" is always same color as light.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

7 Dec 1965
and following dates.

Tried everybody but Kremlin. Got drawer-full of pictures of astronauts. Even wrote Dr. Hynek. Only this responded intelligently.


- page 10 -

