PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 12 August 65 13/0400

2. LOCATION: Providence, Rhode Island

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (TV)

7. COURSE: NNW

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: No data presented to indicate that the observation could NOT BE attributed to Aircraft

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: The objects flew over area. One behind the other. Each had lights, one of which was a bright yellow. Flight from ESE to WNW. No sound. Other lights were white. Observed through 120 power. Behind lights was a shape of grey disc. All lights were connected to this disc.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

13/1404 R.I.                                                   12 AUG
                                                                ATC

Dear Sir;                                                       August 13, 1965

I am writing you the letter on the advice of a lawyer of the location incident which took place at 11:09 P.M. two(2) miles north of Hydro, from East South East to West North West at an altitude of about 7,000 feet. The object flew in a single formation of no less back of the hills. They could tell five lights of which three were white. There were no engines visible from them from the time we first saw them until we lost sight of them. At any we became sure they were four(4) that we saw, the circles myself. This is now on Pilot Blew.

I have immediately my attorney from almost sight(4) give me now, pretty sure can still call a plane or a method to or a satellite when it see me, and to be positive that these objects...

[Note: The text appears to be cut off at the bottom of the page, and some words are difficult to decipher with complete certainty]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

were more of them. I have called my
local Air National Guard and joined
and the Qumset Point Naval Air
Stations. None of them had such flight
in the air at the time of our
sighting. I was in the flight through
the base, at 1200 hours. We
worked at the light to could make
out a gray object in a shape of
a disk. All the lights were
connected to the body. I'm writing
you the letter in the hopes
it might change your mind on
flying saucers and you'll do a
little bit more. They will kind
a dark and say that all these
sightings are planets and stars.

Sincerely yours

Note: The bottom portion of the document contains redacted/blacked-out text.


- page 3 -

