The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: August 1965
2. LOCATION: Albuquerque, New Mexico
3. SHAPE: A/G
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 4
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2.9 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (GX)
7. COURSE: Moved, Not Stated
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
9. CONCLUSIONS: A/G

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
One object initially, four later. Bluish at first, thought to be aircraft. No noise. Flight in trail, 4 minutes for the other four. Observed with GX. Colors not included. Possible A/C or satellites. If motion contained, no trail seen. No data on change in size or shape. Object passed through considerable arc. No data on relative motion of the objects.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or interview form.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark  
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edge of the object was:
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 2 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a flying saucer-shaped object. The sketch depicts the object with some details like wings or protrusions, and the direction of its movement.

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Lightly colored, disappeared suddenly, just went away.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):     Yes     No     Don't Know.     If you answered YES, then tell what:
Moved behind a building.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):     Yes     No     Don't Know.     If you answered YES, then tell what:
In front of building.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Lightly colored, whitish
c. Size - Fairly small

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About one inch.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of a flying saucer-shaped object.)

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions and answer options.

30. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) (Yes) (No)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
31. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) (Yes) (No)
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars (Yes) No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope (Yes) No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other
26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Text Extracted from the Document:

30. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) ( Yes ) ( No )
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 
31. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) ( Yes ) ( No )
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars (Yes) No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope (Yes) No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other
26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 4 -

This image does not contain any photographs, only illustrations and text. The first illustration appears to be a sketch showing the position and movement of a UFO object. The second illustration is a compass-like diagram. The text below the illustrations provides instructions and questions related to the illustrations.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where the object was when you last saw it.

23. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and an "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Text Output:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where the object was when you last saw it.
23. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and an "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a standardized questionnaire with various questions and blank spaces for responses.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give day or date and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

[Redacted information]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE [Redacted] SEX [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Redacted]

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or questionnaire related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 September 1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text extracted from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all the many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may clarify or amplify any details.

1. When did you see the object? August 1965
2. Time of day: 7:30 Hours Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Albuquerque, New Mexico
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: Bright Partly Cloudy
b. NIGHT: Clear (No Cloud) Hazy Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions and answer options.

9. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. Bright, c. Dim, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Partial moon, c. No moonlight, pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) (Yes, No, Don't know)

The document appears to be a form containing a questionnaire about an observed UFO or unidentified object. The questions cover various details about the sighting, including the appearance and behavior of the object, as well as the weather conditions at the time.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form, containing questions about a UFO sighting and space to provide detailed descriptions.

Text extracted from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a report or document, likely related to Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and response options.

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Object could be described for a possible formation for a UFO sighting.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an "Unidentified Flying Object Reports" document.

As an OCR system, the text output from this document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS AIR FORCE SPECIAL INVESTIGATIONS CENTER (AFSC)
KIRTLAND AIR FORCE BASE, NEW MEXICO 87117

SWSS-2

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Reports

TO: FTC (IDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

In accordance with telephone conversation between Major Faltorlow and Sergeant Moody, the attached UFO reports are forwarded without an attempt to determine identity.

FOR THE COMMANDER

CALE C. HERRY, CAPT, USAF
FLYING SAFETY OFFICER

1. UFO Rept -
2. UFO Rept -
3. UFO Rept -
4. UFO Rept -
5. UFO Rept -

A FSWO (SWSS-2)
Kirtland AFB, N.M.

- page 12 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text and illustrations.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point "A" on the curved line. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show the position (skyline) where you first saw it. Place a "C" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual elements, it appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT OUTPUT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS: Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: AGE: SEX: 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
15 November 1965 - Air Force Inspector General, Office of Special Investigations

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a form or questionnaire related to a UFO report.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
2 August 1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaires or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page is blank, with no additional text.]

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DATE - TIME GROUP: 2 AUG 65 03/04/50Z
LOCATION: Albuquerque, New Mexico
SOURCE: Civilian
CONCLUSION (FACTOR): Astronomical (METEOR)
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two (2)
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 6 Seconds, 12 Seconds
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
COURSE: South
PHOTOS: No
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

READY FOR THE RECORD: 3 AUG 65

Mr. J. Harlow at Littleland AFB, has been dealing with many unidentified flying objects. The majority of which are playing lights.
He requested permission to forward these reports as a unit on Project rather than in a TWX, as stated in accordance with AFR 200-2. This had a N ICOCY and is approved.
He will forward these reports to our office also, he requested verification on release of information to the press by the 1300 SIO. Informed him that UFOB as such are unclassified and that AFR 200-2 provides for release of evaluations through SAFOI. It's only for him to tell the press that they are conducting an investigation and it's okay to release information on identified objects, such as known U/C, etc. because they are not unidentified.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Air Force Special Weapons Center, United States Air Force, Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico, dated August 3, 1965.

Air Force Special Weapons Center
Air Force Systems Command 
United States Air Force
Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico

3 August 1965

TO: CAP (CDXX)
PATTERSON AFB, Ohio
Attn: Sgt Moody

1. In accordance with telephone conversation this date, attached are 5 copies of an Intelligence report on delages UFO. The location of delages was scattered 12,000 feet 50 mils dist. The details of this case have been classified SECRET per phone conversation 27 July 1965.

2. I was unable to confirm any aircraft in the area. However, I feel that the sightings are probably conventional aircraft in the pattern of some local flying activity. The exact nature of this activity has been heavy UFO publicity that you are quite familiar with.

FOR THE COMMANDER

Paul Patton
Chief of Safety
UFO Reports

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document containing handwritten text.

Transcript of the text in the document:

A Mariah - o - phone near the landing sight observed the object and the sound. The object, a silver colored disc, was seen hovering at about 800 feet altitude, and at one point a beam of light was observed coming from the object and striking the ground. The object then moved rapidly to the southwest and disappeared. The sound was described as a high pitched whine, different from any known aircraft. The object was observed for about 2-3 minutes.

RECEIPT
NOV 3 1965
MILLER, TR.
MAJOR, USAF   

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

UFO QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Description of the Object(s):
a. Shape: Three separate objects.
b. Size compared to a known object (Use one of the following terms: head of pin, pea, dime, nickel, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about 200 yards would 5'7" tall.
c. Color: Bright white.
d. Number: Three.
e. Formation, if more than one: The objects were in a triangular formation.
f. Any discernible features or details:
g. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s):
h. Sound; if heard, describe sound:
i. Other pertinent or unusual features:

2. Description of Course of Object(s):
a. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?

The O.D. received this report from M. Sgt. L.G.

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various fields to be filled out regarding the observed object(s).

b. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: 0-5 degrees
c. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:
d. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Horizontal flight
e. How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.)
f. How long (were) the object(s) visible? (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.): 6 seconds
3. Manner of Observation:
a. Use one or a combination of the following items: Ground-visual. 
b. Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof:

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Time and Date of Sighting: 2:50 local
Light conditions (due one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk): Night
Location of Observer(s): Give exact latitude and longitude
Identifying Information on Observer(s):
a. Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and
b. Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate
Weather and Winds: Observer(s) account of weather conditions.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO questionnaire.

UFO QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Description of the Object(s):
a. Shape: Odd - like jungle hats - even flat
b. Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: Head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, half dollar, silver dollar): Head of a nail
c. Color: Bluish 
d. Number: One at first, near moon - four later
e. Formation, if more than one: 4 in trail

f. Any discernible features or details: None

g. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): Little flame at back end

h. Sound, if heard, describe sound: None

i. Other pertinent or unusual features: None

2. Description of Course of Object(s):
a. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?: Looking at moon saw movement

- page 23 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.F.O. QUESTIONNAIRE
1. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S):
a. Shape: -.—Round .s~,s~~s___ , ~-
b. Size compared to a known object (Use one of the following
terms: head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter; half dollar,
silver dollar, basketball, etc.): Supersized silver dollar held in' the hand 
c. Number: Two
d. Formation, if more than one:—
e. Any discernible features or details: Bright or, 'two discs with faint lights.
f. Trail, plume or exhaust, including size of same compared to object(s):
Fail as a falling star or bright object of a enormous size.
h. Sound: if heard, describe sound: NONE
i. Other pertinent or unusual features: 

2. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S): 
a. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the
object(s): Aware was unfolding something extraordinarycurious iturned up the vehicle.

The text output from the OCR system is as follows:

U.F.O. QUESTIONNAIRE
1. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S):
a. Shape: -.—Round .s~,s__
b. Size compared to a known object (Use one of the following
terms: head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter; half dollar,
silver dollar, basketball, etc.): Supersized silver dollar held in' the hand
c. Number: Two 
d. Formation, if more than one:—
e. Any discernible features or details: Bright or, 'two discs with faint lights.
f. Trail, plume or exhaust, including size of same compared to object(s):
Fail as a falling star or bright object of a enormous size.
h. Sound: if heard, describe sound: NONE
i. Other pertinent or unusual features:

2. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
a. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the
object(s): Aware was unfolding something extraordinarycurious iturned up the vehicle.

- page 24 -

This page from an old UFO report document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire with handwritten responses.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: disappeared and reappeared 

Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Straight path south

How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the horizon)

How long (were) the object(s) visible? (Approx. 7-8 mins, looked like this bright & would suddenly disappear & reappear)

Manner of observation (one or more of the following items:
Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic 
(ground visual)

Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.), used and description thereof: none

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

4. Time and Date of Sighting: 2/16 cent
a. Exact time-date group of sighting_2/16 cent
b. Light conditions (Use one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk) NIGHT

5. Location of Observer(s): Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position CARLSBAD, NEW MEXICO

6. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
a. Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate reliability AGE 35 __, SAFEWAY STORES CLERK, _________________
b. Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability

7. Weather and Winds: Observer(s) account of weather conditions: CLEAR NIGHT

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an official US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s.

OCR text output:

3 August 65 04/0252?
Civilian
Two
Ground-Visual
Nil

LOCATION
Albuquerque, New Mexico

CONCLUSION
STARS/PLANETS
Probable identification appears consistent with meteors or fireworks. Vertical motion and observations too brief for definitive determination.

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The objects observed appeared to be several in number. One seemed rather larger than others. They were yellow-white in color, rapidly moving, and appeared to be falling to Earth. Several seconds' observation duration was too brief for definitive determination. Observation dismissed as possibly meteors or fireworks.

FTD SEP 3 0 -329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a questionnaire-style format.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

UFO QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Description of the Object(s):
a. Shape - as large as a basketball
b. Size - Estimated to be known object (use one of the following terms: head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length.
c. Color - Green
d. Number - Two
e. Formation, if more than one - No formation, two were seen minutes apart, about 2 miles from observer
f. Any discernible features or details - None
g. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s) - None
h. Sound; if heard, describe sound - None
i. Other pertinent or unusual features - One of the objects plunged to the ground, turned yellow, and disappeared, other disappeared into sky.
2. Description of Course of Object(s):
a. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)? - Slow moving green object falling to earth.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output all the text found in the document:

a. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first 
1,000 feet elevation

b. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappear-
First seen disappearing several feet above earth; second-
disappeared into six straight up.

d. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s)

North. How did the object(s) disappear? Instantaneously to the 
They both faded out, the first faded with a yellow color, the 
second with a green color.

How long (were) the object(s) visible? (Be specific, 
3 to 4 seconds

3. Manner of Observation:
Ground - Use any or any combination of the following items: 
(If aerial, omit 3a and 3b) ground-to-ground, air-to-ground.
Ground - visual

None

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

3 Aug 65, 1930 hours
Light conditions: Night day, dark
Location: Albuquerque - Echo ridge mesa
Identifying Information:
a. Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability: F.E.A. Albuquerque, student (teenager)
b. Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability: Not applicable
Weather and Winds: Observer(s) account of weather conditions: Calm, clear, starry sky

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically record number 10073, dated 3 August 65, 05/03/2z. The report details an incident that occurred near Farmington, New Mexico, where an Astro (meteor) was investigated by officials. The report states that the first sighted object was moving rapidly and that its flight was from NW to SE. The report concludes that it was an Astro (meteor).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 August 65 05/03/2Z
2. LOCATION: Near Farmington, New Mexico
3. SOURCE: Aircraft Flight (UNCLASSIFIED)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. COURSE: None
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported
7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: All-Visual
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 1 Yes
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (METEOR)
Investigating officials regard as a meteor.
Brief summary and analysis: One bright object moving rapidly. Flight from NW to SE. General description of meteor.

- page 31 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing text only.

Outputting the text found in the document:

INCOMING MESSAGE

DEPART MENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH

UNCLASSIFIED
ANSWR DRTO

AFTN: 52752(TAUG65)E/ADC
ACTION: NIN-Y
INFO: XOE-1, XOX-9, GAP-03-1, DIA-1 (21)
SUB CATS: RTFU JAW RUM'FY/ADC FT-79129-UUU-UE2NNA
ZNR UUUUU
R 071704Z
FM 9 AEROSPACE ENT AFB COLO
TO RUEBHGA/SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE
RUEBHGA/CSAF
ZEN/NORAD
ZEN/ADC
RUEBSAA/AF SC
RUFFLAZ1290 RICHARDS GEBAUER AFA MO
ZEN/6600ABWG
UNCLLASSIFIED WGOM-08 02 1256 AUG 65
FOR: SECRETARY OF THE (AF CSAFOI)_ CSAF ADMIN, NORAD
(NOCC), ADC (ADCCP) AND (ADCI-P), 4099 ABWG (WGDOM)-
UFO: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT, UNITED AIRLINES
8397, ENROUTE FROM DETROIT TO LOS ANGELES RELAYED UFO
REPORT OF THIS STATION THRU DENVER ARTC. FORMAT FOLLOWS
PER THE AFR 200-2. DETAILED INFORMATION NOT
AVAILABLE AS UNABLE TO CONTACT PILOT.

- page 32 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing textual information.

APIN: 52752(7AUG65)

Pg 2 of 5

A-1. (1) NOT REPORTED
(2) NOT REPORTED 
PAGE 2 RUNFVF000081 UNCLAS
(3) BRIGHT
(4) ONE
(5) N/A
(6) NOT REPORTED
(7) NOT REPORTED
(8) NOT REPORTED
(9) REPORTED AS MOVING VARY RAPIDLY
B. (1) NOT REPORTED
(2) NOT REPORTED
(3) NOT REPORTED
(4) TRAVELING FROM NORTHWEST TO SOUTHEAST
(5) NOT REPORTED
(6) NOT REPORTED
C. (1) NOR REPORTED-ASSUMED AIR VISUAL
(2) NOT REPORTED
(3) UNITED AIRLINE 3297, FLIGHT LEVEL 319, HEADING
ESTIMATED 21 DEGREES MAGNETIC, SPEED UNKNOWN, ENROUT

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

b. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: 
High angle to west

c. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:
  
d. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s)
Seemed to travel in straight line, then up.

e. How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.?)
Seemed to go higher

f. How long (were) the object(s) visible? (Be specific, 
First one - 3 minutes
Second Four - 2 minutes

3. Manner of Observation:
a. Use one or any combination of the following items:
Ground-visual, air visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic.
(If electronic, specify type of radar)

b. Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof:
Binoculars

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text document from the Department of the Air Force Staff Message Branch.

AFSN : 52752 (TAU565)
TO LOS ANGELES FROM DETROIT: 
(1) NIGHT
PAGE 3 RUNNFVA0001 UNCLAS
E. 59 NM EAST OF FARMINGTON VORTAC (FMN) ON AIRWAY
J-504
F. AIRLINE PILOT-OTHER INFORMATION UNKNOWN. ESTIMATE 
OF RELIABILITY-GOOD.
G. (1) FAIR
(2) SURFACE: 220/05
6000 FEET 24/05
12000 FEET: 22/10
16000 FEET: 31/29
20000 FEET: 29/15
22000 FEET: 22/22
30000 FEET: 22/15
82000 FEET: 25/15
(3) NO CEILING. 5 MILES VISIBILITY  
(4) 2/20 ALTOCUMULUS, 15000 FEET ABOVE MSL
(5) NONE

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

INCOMING MESSAGE

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPART MENT OF THE AIR FORCE
31/TH/MISSILE BRANCH

ITEM : 57725 (FINAL)

PG 4 OF 5

552 PARAPAUSE INVERSION 8,182 FEET MSL. NO OTHER
SIGNIFICANT INVERSION.

552 NO RECENT BALLOON RELEASE

14. CHRISTMAS STAR AND PEGASUS "A" SATELLITES WERE
VISIBLE IN THE AREA AT APPROXIMATE TIME OF SIGHTING.

HOWEVER DIRECTION OF TRAVEL FOR BOTH WAS FROM SOUTHEAST 
TO NORTHEAST.

K. NONE
A. NONE
K. CAPT DONALD D. DEHOFF, ASST BASE OPERATIONS OFFICER,
PETERSON FIELD, COLORADO. PRELIMINARY ANALYSIS OBJECT 
MAY HAVE BEEN KNOWN SATELLITE HOWEVER COUNTRY IF
EXPERIENCED AIRLINE PILOT WOULD MAKE 90 DEGREE MISTAKE
IN DIRECTION OF TRAVEL OF OBJECT. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION RECEIVED FROM SPACE TRACK CENTER, NORAD FOR
DENVER CENTER AND WEATHER PRACTICALLY ELIMINATE POSSIBILITY OF OBJECT BEING AN AIRCRAFT. OTHER KNOWN SATELLITE,
DECAYING ORBITAL SATELLITE OR OBJECT IS UNUSUAL WEATHER PHENOMENON, IF IT THE INVESTIGATING OFFICER'S OPINION

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 36 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a typed message from the Department of the Air Force's Staff Message Branch, containing text describing an object that was observed as a meteor.

AFIN: 52752 (7AUG65) 
THE OBJECT WAS A METEOR IN THAT THE DESCRIPTION IN GENERAL FITS THAT OF A METEOR AND A MAJOR METEOR SHOWER IS DUE TO REACH ITS APEX ON 12 AUGUST.
BY 
ANRN
NOTE: ADV CY TO DIA.

- page 37 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

UFOB (ITEM)
STEWART-RUNGE AFB, OHIO 45433
7 September 1965

Dr. J. Allen Hynek 
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Allen,

Reference the attached UFO Report from my observation of 5 AUG 65. Request your evaluation.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECTS BLUE BOOK

1. Atch
a/s

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a UFO questionnaire.

UFO QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Description of the Object(s):
a. Observed only briefly
b. Size compared to a known object (Use one of the following: silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit or basketball) held in the hand at arm's length.
c. Color: Brilliant white light
d. Number: One
e. Formation, if more than one: Only one
f. Any discernible features or details: None, except extreme speed
g. Tail, trail or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None
h. Sound, if heard, describe sound: None
i. Other pertinent or unusual features: Light definitely flashed once

2. Description of Course of Object(s):
What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)? It was high in the field of vision and the object's movement immediately distinguished it from the stars.

- page 39 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

b. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: Direction was or appeared to be southwest. Observer estimated was 4,000 to 5,000 feet above the terrain.
c. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: Speed and direction remained constant.
d. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): If observer's calculation of cloud cover elevation is correct, he thinks object(s) must have traveled in a straight path for approximately 5 miles.
e. How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the North, etc.): Instantaneously.
f. How long (were) the object(s) visible? (Be specific, e.g. 5 minutes, etc.): Probably a little less than three seconds.
3. Manner of Observation:
a. Use one or any combination of the following items: (1) ground-visual; (2) air-visual; (3) electronic; (specify type or radar)
Ground visual
b. Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof: None

- page 40 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely containing an eyewitness account of a UFO sighting.

4. Time and Date of Sighting:
a. Exact timedate group of sighting: 5 Aug 65, 2315 Local
b. Light conditions (Use one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn/dusk): Night, clear, very scattered cloud layer

5. Location of Observer(s): Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position: S.W. Albuquerque, New Mexico - East Mesa area 

6. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
a. Civilian, Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliabilitya: *redacted* 27 years, S.W. Albuquerque, New Mexico
b. Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability:

7. Weather and Winds: Observer(s) account of weather conditions - Calm, clear, widely scattered clouds, estimate cloud cover 4000 to 5000 above terrain.

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 6 August 63  07/0307Z
2. LOCATION: Albuquerque, New Mexico
10. CONCLUSION: Probably Satellite 
OBJECT: Object has characteristics of visible satellite and duration and direction of observation indicates that it was probably a satellite.
SIZE: 30 - 40 Seconds
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
COURSE: 7-8 Degrees
PHOTOS: No

- page 42 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a UFO questionnaire document.

UFO QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Description of the Object(s):
a. Shape: Bright Star 
b. Size: Said compared to a known object (Use one of the following terms: larger than, smaller than, same as, etc.)  Half of full moon 
c. Color: White
d. Number: One
e. Formation: If more than one

f. Any discernible Features or details: None
Unusual speed
g. Trail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None
h. Sound; if heard, describe sound:  
i. Other pertinent or unusual features:

2. Description of Course of Object(s):
This was first called the attention of observer(s) to the sun star moving.

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text on the page appears to be a form with questions related to the observation of an unidentified object, including the angle or elevation and azimuth of the object, the description of the flight path and maneuvers, how the object disappeared, and the manner of observation.

Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: 90 degrees

Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: 45 degrees southeast

Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Northeast to southeast

How did the object(s) disappear? Instantaneously to the Rapid Fade

How long (were) the object(s) visible? (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.) 30 to 40 seconds

Manner of Observation:
Ground - visual, air visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic. 
(If electronic, specify type of radar)
Ground - visual
Instrument(s) used and description thereof: None

- page 44 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

4. Time and Date of Sighting:
a. Zulu time-date group of sighting Approx 2115 Local
b. Light conditions (Use one of the following terms: Night,
day, dawn, dusk)
Night

5. Location of Observer(s): Give exact latitude and longitude
of each observer, and/or geographical position
Outside house, back yard 

6. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
a. Civilian - Name, age, sex, occupation, and
estimate of reliability:
W. Albuquerque - housewife and
b. Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate
of reliability:

7. Weather and Winds: Observer(s) account of weather conditions
12,000 scattered, 60 miles, SE 5

- page 45 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

4. Time and Date of Sighting:
a. Zulu time-date group of sighting 03027 7 Aug 65
b. Light conditions (Use one of the following terms: Night, Dusk, Day)

5. Location of Observer(s): Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position

6. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
a. Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability:
b. Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability:

7. Weather and Winds: Observer(s) account of weather conditions.
Slight breeze

- page 46 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a historical collection of UFO reports from the U.S. Air Force.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 16 August 65 16/17/1752
2. LOCATION: Albuquerque, New Mexico  
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: West
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: BALLOON
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
One white object with something dangling from the bottom appeared to be above cloud level. Climbing to the west at a 30 minute sighting.

- page 47 -

The image does not contain a photograph. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which is a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

UFO QUESTIONNAIRE

1. Description of the Object(s):
a. Shape: Round
b. Size compared to a known object: Size of a quarter
c. Color: Silver
d. Number: One
e. Formation, if more than one: -

g. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): -
h. Sound, if heard, describe sound: -
i. Other pertinent or unusual features: -

2. Description of Course of Object(s):
object(s)? What first called the attention of observer(s) to the: Looked up and saw it

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photographs. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with text describing observations of an object.

b.: Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: Appeared to be above a cloud level above the local thunderheads 80 degrees

c.: Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: Climbing at 45 degrees to west at a moderate rate

d.: Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Gain altitude slowly and rapidly loose altitude several times

e.: How did the object(s) disappear?: Slowly climbed out of sight to the west at a 45 degree angle.

f.: How long (were) the object(s) visible?: Estimated at 30 minutes

3.: Manner of Observation:
Ground - Use one or any combination of the following items: (if electronic) Ground - visual, Ground - manual, Ground - electronic.
Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof: None

- page 49 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text describing details of a sighting.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

4. Time and Date of Sighting:
a. Zulu time-date group of sighting 1045 to 1415 local time.
b. Light conditions (Use one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk).
day, cloudy.
5. Location of Observer(s): Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position Eastern and Washington Street, S.E. Albuquerque, New Mexico.
6. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
a. Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability:
b. Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability: 
7. Weather and Winds: Observer(s) account of weather conditions Scattered cumulus, clear in area of observation - a few high cirrus.

- page 50 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten letter on a document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

Wright-Patterson AFB, OHIO 45433
27 August 1965

Mrs. -----, N.W.
Albuquerque, New Mexico

Dear Mrs. -----:

Reference your reports of unidentified flying objects which you made to Kirtland AFB. The information which we have received is not sufficient for continuation. Request that you still use the attached AID Forms 164, one for each observation, and return them to the undersigned provided.

The Air Force appreciates your interest in this subject.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 51 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

The information contained in the text is as follows:

The information which has been gathered to date indicates definite sightings of some objects that cannot be satisfactorily explained. Yet, much of the factual evidence regarding observations of the unusual aerial phenomena is far from conclusive. 

At this particular sighting - On 6/25/54 at 9:35 p.m. The witness first sighted an object which was flying at a high elevation and seemed to be moving at a high rate of speed. A light triangular-shaped object was coming from the west toward the observer.  The object has been described as an elongated light, and seemed to be moving in a methodical manner. Its trail portion of the object seemed to shimmer or vibrate in a distinct manner.  The object disappeared into the overhead clouds after several minutes.  Lasting that time the sightings only a short while could then be seen.  After this close encounter, the object disappeared.

- page 52 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text, which appears to be a description of some kind of sighting or observation. 

The text in the document reads:

"B. Second sighting. Some- 10:10:30 p. m.
The second sighting was observed, after the first sighting. This is consistent with the type of performance indicated in the previous report. The two objects also came from the northeast direction. The direction and movements were very similar to the description in the previous report. There were no changes to be ascertained regarding the motions or flight path of these objects as they passed overhead at approximately 8-10,000 feet altitude."

- page 53 -

The image does not contain any photograph or image. It appears to be a form or questionnaire used by the U.S. Air Force to gather information about sightings of unidentified objects. The form contains various fields for the observer to provide details about the sighting, such as the time, location, duration, and condition of the sky.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
     Night - 8/7/65
     Year
2. Time of day: 2:25
     Hour
     Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One):  a. Eastern  b. Central  c. Mountain  d. Pacific  e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
     Nearest Postal Address: 6218 Sunnyfield Place
     City or Town: Albuquerque
     State or County: New Mexico
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
     20 Minutes
     Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky?
     DAY:  a. Bright  b. Cloudy
     NIGHT: c. Bright  d. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
     (Circle One): a. In front of you  b. To your left  c. To your right  d. Behind you  e. Overhead  f. Don't remember

- page 54 -

