The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE: 3 AUGUST 65 Time Group 0930 
2. Location: Palos Verdes, California
10. Conclusion: Observed by witness(es). Will be investigated.
11: BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object(s) observed in the sky for about 15 minutes. Object(s) were seen and blue-red-green lights blinking on them. Object(s) did not return at this date. Will be investigated.
8. Course: (Relative)
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NO

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a form with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes (Circle One) No. IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes (Circle One) No. IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 15 to 20 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Flying over a city? e. Flying over open country? f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? 55 miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Telescope Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Theodolite Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing instructions and questions related to UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "X" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, or "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Twenty-eight minutes past four

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Using optical character recognition (OCR), the text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE
SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day
Month
Year

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with a form or questionnaire. The text at the bottom of the page reads "34. Date you completed this questionnaire: / / " and "35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting."

OCR Output:
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day Month Year 
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 5 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a historical document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

"SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
The information contained in this letter is in response to your letter dated September 3, 1965.

This Air Force appreciates your interest in this subject."

Signed by "HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Maj., USAF, Chief, PROJECT BLUE BOOK."

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

"Hq (Item?) 
USAF-MCMURDO AFB, OHIO ADNZ.1g3 
7 September 1965

Palos Verdes, California

Dear

Reference your unidentified observation of 6 August 1965. 
The information which you forwarded concerning this incident is appreciated. The attached PD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

The Air Force appreciates your interest in this subject.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK"

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historical US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

HEADQUARTERS
AEROSPACE TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
Air Force Unit Post Office, Los Angeles, California 90045
5 August 1965

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

The following is a portion of a document that describes the sighting of an unidentified flying object:

"The following is extracted from the 5th draft of incident report for the period ending 5 Aug 65: 
1. REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS DETECTED

Object: WHITE, STAR-LIKE, OBJECT -LUMINOUS -BRIGHT
Time: 2148 PST 
Date: 19 July 1965
Position: PALOS VERDES - CALIFORNIA
Duration: APPROX. 2-3 MINS
NO PICTURES OR WEATHER CONDITIONS"

The document is signed by JAMES J. BYRNE of the Office of Administrative Services.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

HEADQUARTERS
659th SUPPORT GROUP
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOS ANGELES AIR FORCE STATION
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA 90045

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: SIGO

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

TO: ATIC (PDC)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference AFR 200-2.

2. The following UFO sighting was reported to this Source Systems Division Command Post at 0315 hours, 6 August 1963:

a. Description: A round object with red, white and blue flashing lights.
b. Course: Movement was between the Palos Verde Peninsula and Catalina Island, apparently high speed.
c. Time and Date: 2130 local time, 6 August 1963.
d. Location of Observation: Palos Verdes Peninsula, California.
e. Observer: Two civilian males, telephone company employees and California police, ages 13 and 14 years respectively.
f. Weather Conditions: Clear.
g. Reporting Officer's Evaluation and Comment:
(1) Operations Staff Officer, 659th Support Group.
(2) He could not be contacted to obtain further information. The telephone call was received just after the sighting occurred and the observers could not be contacted further at that time of night.

1 Atch
LT SD 9 AUG 63 Remarks from
HOWARD P. SHORT
Colonel, USAF
Deputy Commander

- page 9 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the image includes:

Typed Support Group (SSOO)
VIA POUCH
ATRC (FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire related to unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed; please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used only for technical purposes and will not be used in any way for legal, judicial, or publicity conclusions, or publications without your permission.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:   Hour    Minutes  (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration): Minutes Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky?
   a. DAY: b. NIGHT:
      a. Clear   a. Clear
      b. Hazy    b. Hazy
      c. Cloudy  c. Cloudy 
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you  b. To your back  c. To your right  d. To your left  e. Overhead  f. Can't remember

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or questionnaire related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

8. 1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Full moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight, pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _____________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document contains a form with questions about an observed UFO, including whether the object disappeared, moved behind something, or moved in front of something. The witness is asked to describe the sound, color, and angular size of the object. There is also a prompt to draw a picture showing the shape of the object and the direction it was moving.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? A CIRCULAR OBJECT AND IT BECAME LESS DISTINCT OR FADED OUT.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) YES (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) (YES) NO Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound A LOW HUMMING SOUND
b. Color SILVERY OR METALLIC

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

THE WHOLE OBJECT

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you may such as wings, projections, etc., and especially indicate trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple drawing of a circular object is included.]

- page 13 -

