PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 23 October 65  24/0117Z

2. LOCATION: Lone-Prairie, Minnesota (1)

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One w/three creatures

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: West

8. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes  [X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [ ] Yes  [X] No

10. CONCLUSION: Astro (Venus)
Venus 16.53m W, 240 deg azimuth and setting at time of observation

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object was as bright as the sunlight. A bright metallic shine. It took off straight up and then the light went off. Had a loud hum to it. Came around a bend in the road when he stated the object was a rising in the middle of the road. He stated that his engine and lights shut off. Object took off straight up at approx 20 mph. Observer stated his lights came on and the motor started without touching the starter or light switch. Observer reported sighting to local sheriff's office. They both went back to area of the object and found nothing.

FORM
FTD SEP 64 Q-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Information Only
Courier News, Vol 13, #1, Mar 66

WEIRD SIGHTING OF SIX-INCH-TALL CREATURES IN MINNESOTA: At about 7:15 on October 23rd, a 19-year-old radio announcer from Long Prairie, Minnesota, was driving along a country road near his home in a car when a large, six-shaped object straddling the road. It was 30 to 40 feet high and about 10 feet in diameter, and seemed to be resting on logs or trees.

The announcer, named James Townsend, stated: "My car engine, lights, and radio went out as I slammed on the brakes. I stopped about 20 feet in front of it. My first thought was to knock it over with the car so I could have some evidence, but then another thought was, 'Then I got out with the idea of trying to push it over by hand.' When I got to the front of my car, three creatures came out from behind the rocket. They looked like individual tin cans on tripods, and were about six inches tall. They didn't have eyes, but I knew they were looking at me. I stopped. I didn't have any desire to get closer. There was no sound."

"It seemed like ages that we looked at each other. Then they went up into the rocks, which had a bright colless light glowing out of the bottom. There was a loud hum. The craft went up and disappeared from view. As soon as the light on the bottom of the rocket went out, after the thing was in the air, my car radio and lights went on, and my engine started without my having to touch the starter."

Townsend was terrified, and drove back to Long Prairie at 90 miles an hour. He reported the sighting to the local sheriff, who came out to the spot with him but found no physical evidence of the landing, except for three strips of an oil-like substance on the road. Each strip was about a yard long and four inches apart. The sheriff told the press that Townsend is known to be a reliable and level-headed man, and he believes that he told the truth.

Three youths who had been hunting coons in the same area reported seeing a strange light in the sky at the same time Townsend said the object took off.

(St. Paul Pioneer Press, 10/25/55; Minneapolis Star, 10/25/55.)

Long Prairie, Minnesota
25 October 1965


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.

Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information will not be used for any purpose other than research. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 23 Oct 65

2. Time of day: 1 PM __ Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: LONG PRAIRIE, MINNESOTA
City or Town State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
__ Hours __ 20 Minutes __ Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? BY WRISTWATCH

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember


- page 3 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
AS BRIGHT AS SUN LIGHT

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
IT TURNS OFF STRAIGHT, UP AND THEN THE LIGHT WENT OUT

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: VERY SILENT, IT MUST BE VERY HIGH
b. Color: BRIGHT METALLIC SHINE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by this head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
VERY LITTLE

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trail or vapor trails.
• Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The page includes hand-drawn sketches of the object, with notes about its size and direction]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ABOUT 260 M.P.H.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2-3 FT.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     g. West     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____55____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No    e. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses   Yes    No    f. Telescope     Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No    g. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass  Yes    No    h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last question (26) is left blank with no description written]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point marked "A" as the observer. Draw a line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" at the same level as the horizon and show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

STRAIGHT UP

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2 IN NUMBER

Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

THE ONE OBJECT WAS A SPACE SAW
THE OTHER OBJECTS WERE LITTLE CRESCENTS


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   [x] No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [partially visible] LONE PRAIRIE   MINNESOTA 56347
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
23   OCT   62   TODD COUNTY
             SHERIFF'S OFFICE


- page 8 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Illegible date]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Perhaps it would be better if I gave you a detailed description of the U-F-Q that I saw and you would be better able to understand it than if I answered this questionnaire. I was driving west on Minn. highway 27 when I went around a bend in the road and my car engine stopped running and my headlights went off. I looked up and saw this object setting in the middle of the road. It was around 7:15 PM because I had just checked my watch about a minute before so I know what time it was. I finally coasted to a stop about 20 ft. from it. My knowledge of math and being able to tell distances quite accurately made this quite impossible to mistake. I sat and looked at it for what I would estimate a minute then I knew what it was and knew that nobody would believe me so I decided that I would have to knock it over and have some evidence. I tried to start my car but it would not start, I did not get my response on my starter. I then got out of my car with the idea to go up to it and try to rock the center of gravity and topple it over so I would have the evidence right there in black and white. I got to the front of my car and stopped with no further interest in going any further because three little "creatures" came from around behind and stood in front of the object. I think that they were looking at me, I can not be sure because I did not see any eyes of any sort. I know that I was looking at them and I was quite fascinated at what I saw. You might ask me why, if...


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 8

I was willing to go up to them before. I did not go my way now. I used what I hope was common sense. I felt if they could stop my car like they did they could surely do something worse to me and I wanted to live to tell this story so the people of the United States would know that there were things of this nature. I will tell you right now that I think you are doing the people of the US a grave crime not to let them know that there are things of this nature. We stood and looked at them for what seemed to me to be ages. I can safely say that we "looked" at each other for about 3 minutes. They then turned and went under the object and a few seconds later the object started to rise slowly. After it was about 1/2 mile high (this is only a guess) the light went out and my car engine started to run again (I did not have to touch the starter) and my headlights came on.

I looked the area that it had been setting on and could see no evidence that it had been on the ground. I then drove to the Todd County Sheriff's office and reported what I had seen so the sheriff. We went back out to the spot and the sheriff could not find any thing on the road that would show that they were on the ground. That is what happened. I know that it is quite a wild story but if you do not believe me, well that's your tough luck.

Thank you


- page 10 -

