Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE-TIME GROUP
7 May 65 0845152

2. LOCATION
Anaheim, California

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
SATELLITE
Dr Hynek regards as probable Satellite observation after telephone discussion with the witness.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4 Minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE.
Observer [blacked out] (Electronic Engineer for North American)

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Southerly

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous edition of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

On 13 May 65, Dr J Allen Rynck spoke to Mr Street, Anaheim, California, homephone: area code work: North American Aviation, Downey, California, phone in an Apollo Space Craft. It was one of the strangest things he has ever seen, even while flying he never saw anything like it. Object carried its own light source.

Was not a reflection, brighter than immediate stars. Planet Mars just to West and directly to the East rather bright star other star determined to be Arcturus. Object was much brighter than Arcturus, had a twinkle, went rather slowly, about 175 degrees North to South, then disappeared very fast at a very large speed.

Thought at first it was a satellite and wondering which satellite, maybe a Russian satellite. Had a twinkling effect, was bluish white light. Mr Street would be most happy to fill out a form, he reported it only to the Air Force because he was afraid of ridicule, he cannot explain it but is sure that somebody else who works in a different field on this subject could explain it. Traveled in a great circle, more like Arcturus in color than Mars, but more bluish-white. Observed for approximately four minutes, at about 3½ minutes it took a sudden maneuver, then climbed up and out of sight but it took a sudden move to the East. The light got smaller and smaller till it seemed to go out, though maybe it was part of a very steep rate of climb, which was rather high, perhaps in was an optical illusion.

Object was in the sky directly overhead at 90 degrees when first seen. Went down to 30 degrees azimuth before starting a climb, 175 degrees is the bearing. Covered about 60 degrees of the sky, an arc no other object and it was an exceptionally clear night, do not recall it going in front of any stars, just about a band's width was the distance that the object crossed, ten to fifteen degrees.

Suggested that it might have been a burnout, however, a burnout would be coming in and down. Time was 1015 local. Object going slightly NW to SE, but almost due South. It looked like it was making its own light.

Impression of going up and away was gained only because object faded quickly. Arc of maneuver was smaller than first reported. Dr Rynck says that if entry of a N-S satellite into the earth's shadow occurred at about that time, then this was definitely a satellite observation.


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Top right corner]
7 INCHES
ANAHEIM, CALIF

[Top left corner]
Southwestern Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

[Rest of the document is largely illegible due to poor image quality and heavy black/gray obscuring]

Some partial words and fragments are visible, but not enough to confidently reconstruct full sentences or paragraphs.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Anaheim, California

UFO SA 01

Headquarters,
United States Air Force
The Pentagon,
Washington, D.C.

Attn: Project Bluebook
Re: UFO Sighting

Via Air Mail

(There are postmarked stamps and a "Via Air Mail" wing logo also visible on the document)


- page 4 -

Anaheim, California
May 7, 1965 2245 PDST

Headquarters USAF
The Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sirs:

I am an electronic engineer presently employed with North American Aviation in Downey California. I am working on Project Apollo and am responsible for the preflight checkout of a portion of the space communications equipment. I have been in the aerospace field for nine years and have worked at locations such as Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico, China Lake, California, Cape Canaveral in Florida and Edwards Air Force Base, California on various test programs such as Talos, Tartar, Matador, Mace, and X-15. I have seen many missile firings and many firings of large ballistic missiles. I have seen satellites and other various phenomena relating to my field. I feel that I might classify myself as a qualified observer of an object I sight in flight. I have been on flight status at Holloman Air Force Base and have flown in both Jets and Propeller driven aircraft.

Tonight, my wife and I have seen an object which in all my years of experience I have never seen the likes of. The details are as follows:

Time of sighting: 2215 local time May 7th, 0515Z May 8 (GMT)
Position of object at time of sighting: 090 deg. from Horizon

Course of object: 175 degrees (North to South)
Length of sighting: 4 minutes
Color of object: Very bright bluish white and seemed to be oscillating in color (such as twinkling)
Shape of object: Seemed to be disc shaped but was so bright, it was marginal to be certain.
Sound: None.
Speed: Very slow at first for about three and one half minutes but then accelerated at amazing rate of speed and climbed up and out of sight. I ascertained the direction it climbed was up and to the East. I became smaller and as I accelerated and lost brightness. Right before disappearing, it changed its course to the Southeast. It covered from C90 degrees to C30 degrees in the four minutes I watched it.

Sky Condition: Very Clear, Many stars, NO clouds, Moon in the west at approx 060 degrees above horizon. No wind.

General: I have seen the planets Jupiter and Venus many times on clear nights when I built my own telescope as an amateur astronomer, but this object was much brighter than these. I have no idea of its altitude even though I get the impression it was rather high.

I hope this information helpful and even though the object I sighted may be an explainable routine thing that is known. But at least, I feel I have done my duty as a citizen.

Very Respectfully,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 5 -

