PROJECT 1007 3 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
29 Aug 65    30/01574

2. LOCATION
Tipp City, Ohio

3. SOURCE
civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2-5 mins

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
2d visual

7. COURSE
NE

8. PHOTOS
1 Yes
2 No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
1 Yes
2 No

10. CONCLUSION
SATELLITE (ECHO II)
Obj similar in appearance to Echo. Echo II as over Dayton at 50pm heading NE. Observed to West of City at 46 deg elev.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Circular object in wavering flight of 2-3 minutes. Yellowish white color. Moved behind clouds, slight y brighter than the brightest star. Similar to Echo. Observed to N moving to the NE.

Echo II over the area. (See 28 Aug Washington, Township, Ohio for Echo I sched 1c)

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
    23   Aug   65
    Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:    2   17
    (Circle One):   A.M.   or   P.M.

3. Time Zone:
    (Circle One):   a. Eastern
                    b. Central
                    c. Mountain
                    d. Pacific
                    e. Other

    (Circle One):   a. Daylight Saving
                    b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    [Location details appear to be partially filled out but are not fully legible]

5. How long was object in sight? Total Duration:
    a. Certain:    [blank]
    b. Fairly certain:    [blank]
    c. Not very sure:    [blank]
    d. Just a guess:    [blank]

5.1 How was object first sighted?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY:
    a. Bright
    b. Cloudy

    NIGHT:
    a. Bright
    b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One):   a. In front of you
                    b. In back of you
                    c. To your right
                    d. To your left
                    e. Overhead
                    f. Don't remember


- page 2 -

Page 2

8. If you were outside at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.1 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Oval
b. Circular
c. Triangular
d. Don't remember

11. If it moved, was it lighter than the brightest word? (Circle One):
a. Yes
b. No
c. Don't know

11.1 Describe brightness: some can be seen that it glides like a bright star.

12. The edge of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly moved up and such down at any time?
c. Give off smoke?
d. Change in shape?
e. Change color?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound
    b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and not
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple oval/circular shape is drawn on the page]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 5 to 10 k

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. inside a building
b. in a car
c. Outdoors
d. in an Airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. in the business section of a city?
b. in the residential section of a city?
c. in open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Fly ny over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest            h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No         f. Binoculars       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No         g. Telescope        Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No         h. Theodolite       Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No         i. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Partially illegible handwritten text at bottom of question 26]


- page 5 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:   1417 Union St Dayton

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE: 41   SEX: M

(And care any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
(Blank spaces for Day, Month, Year)

Page 6 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 7 -

