There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record documenting a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 13 September - 1965 13.25-22
2. LOCATION Odessa, Texas
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 30-60 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Gr-viz-visual
7. COURSE N/A
8. PHOTOS N/A
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE N/A
10. CONCLUSION Astro (METEOR)

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document that includes hand-written text.

Text transcribed from the image:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 17 Sept 1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

We were looking at the heavens, observing the northly star on a clear night, and were attracted to this boy and were watching the object that appeared to us. It was a brilliant object; brighter than the brightest planet and larger than the largest meteor we have ever seen. The object first appeared to be very high in the sky and then seemed to drop and move towards the horizon, becoming smaller in size as it moved away from us. It then took on the appearance of an airplane traveling thru the sky, but seemed to be moving more rapidly than an airplane. After watching it for several minutes, the object suddenly disappeared from view. The entire time we had the object under observation, there was not a cloud in the sky. The night was very clear and the object was brightly illuminated. We have no idea of the origin of the object. It was unlike anything we have ever seen before.

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a black smudge or redaction over what seems to be a handwritten description of a reported UFO sighting. There is no discernible photograph in this image.

the were in the open count 1 15 miles northwest of odessa, about 2 miles northwest of north cowden

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD:
SUBJ: UFO REPORT FROM WILL HADEN, 4th N LEE ST, ODESSA, TEXAS

TEST: David Moody spoke with Captain Conkie from Webb AFB, Texas regarding a vague report on a UFO, Captain Conkie had received the report around noon. He saw a red object with blue border at rear half. Observed for one minute, 2000 local on 12 Sep 65. Central Time. High rate of speed from SSE to NNW. Covered the sky in about one minute. After it went by, heard a blast effect. Captain Conkie requested that we send this gentleman a form to fill out.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

The text in the document is as follows:

13 SEPTEMBER 1965
ATTN: ARDC

THIS INFORMATION WHICH WE HAVE RECEIVED IS NOT SUFFICIENT FOR ANY CONCLUSIONS. RECORDS PROVIDED YOU FILL OUT RETURN FORM 106.
AND ALL OTHER EXPRESSIONS YOUR INTEREST IN THIS SUBJECT.

SINCERELY,
MAJOR JOHN A. MAYNNE Jr.
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which appears to be a questionnaire or report form related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about the unidentified object you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 12 September 1965
2. Time of day: 8:25 P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 8 miles west of Monahans, Texas
5. How long was object in sight? (Total time seen) One minute or the duration
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY - b. Bright c. Hazy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): b. To your left

- page 6 -

There is no photograph or image present in the provided document. The document appears to be a page from an old UFO report, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the observer's sighting of an unidentified object.

Text extracted from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Windy, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Dull, d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. About the same, c. Dimmer

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: The object appeared to be a brilliant flame

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Sharply defined, c. Other, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Suddenly speed up and rush away?                 Yes/No
b. Break up into parts or explode?                 Yes/No
c. Give off smoke or trail?                         Yes/No
d. Change shapes?                                 Yes/No
e. Flicker or flare?                                 Yes/No
f. Disappear and reappear?                         Yes/No

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it just seemed to suddenly go out.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound: Didn't make any sound 
b. Color: Bright white that seemed to oscillate

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note: How much of the object is covered by the match head? About 8 to 10 degrees.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The text content of the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it just seemed to suddenly go out.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Didn't make any sound
b. Color: Bright white that seemed to oscillate

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note: How much of the object is covered by the match head? About 8 to 10 degrees.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES / NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? about 1,500 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES / NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 6,000 feet to 7,500

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. In an open area
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side? 
d. In a park or recreation area? 
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 Where direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast    e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES / NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle applicable)
a. Telescope    Yes / No
b. Sun glasses    Yes / No
c. Windshield    Yes / No
d. Window glass    Yes / No
e. Binoculars    Yes / No
f. Telescope    Yes / No 
g. Theodolite    Yes / No
h. Other    Yes / No

26. In order that you can give a clear picture as to the possible nature of what you saw, please, in your own words, describe as clearly and in detail as possible what the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The object had a glowing yellowish light with wings on each side that covered the whole object. It gave the appearance of a large, bright orange/yellowish colored object the shape of an elongated diamond or triangle. (My objective opinion: The description suggests a possible meteor/fireball, though more context would be needed to confirm this.)

- page 9 -

The image appears to contain a diagram or sketch rather than a photograph. The diagram includes a compass rose and instructions for the observer to sketch the motion and direction of an observed object or objects. There is no human face visible in the image.

Optical character recognition (OCR) output:

27. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or date and location.  never

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  YES NO
31. If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)  YES NO
31. Please list their names and addresses: [redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE [redacted] SEX [redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
4 years an force pilot - 13 years experience - 
I am a practicing attorney - 13 years experience -

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? [redacted]

- page 11 -

