The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We realize this personal information is confidential.

1. When did you see the object? 3 NOV 1965
2. Time of day: 6:40 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Belmont, OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 30 Seconds
5.1 How was the time determined? Estimated
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? No
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright b. NIGHT (bright cloud and sky began to slowly clear)
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Overhead e. Behind you f. Don't remember

The text contained in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We realize this personal information is confidential. 

1. When did you see the object? 3 NOV 1965
2. Time of day: 6:40 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Belmont, OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 30 Seconds
5.1 How was the time determined? Estimated 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? No
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright b. NIGHT (bright cloud and sky began to slowly clear)
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Overhead e. Behind you f. Don't remember

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and answers about an observed UFO incident.

As an optical character recognition (OCR) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: The object was much brighter than moon or other stars.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
The object appeared to have several smaller bright lights on the edges.

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change color? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Called, it was white, and it just disappeared. It was a very short time, not more than a few seconds.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. 
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: (deleted)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
(deleted)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____

a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other _____

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire or form with instructions and diagrams.

TEXT OUTPUT:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how 
high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to 
show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass 
when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the 
path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location. 
Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
Please list their names and addresses:
1) [Redacted]
2) Mrs. [Redacted]

Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS Belmont, OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE - SEX M

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Mr. William Hefner, that he had called WHIO

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with handwritten text.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  3   NOV.   1965
Day  Month  Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I failed to mention several particulars. It was said that the object described in the southwest sky, behind and across Belmont Highschool. The object was on a direct line between my home and Cincinnati.

Mr. [redacted] report was thick and showed. Mrs. [redacted] aged appeared completely surprised about it. Mr. [redacted] spouse did not appear to be affected.

FTD Duty Officer
22/11

P.S.
I did not ask if they had been drinking.

- page 7 -

