This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a case report from Tiffin, Ohio on May 17, 1965.

The text on the document is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 17 May 65 18/0100Z
2. LOCATION: Tiffin, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 minute, 20 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Around-Visual
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

CONCLUSION:
AIRCRAFT

Likely o/c with the sun reflecting from the contrail, and flight consistent with a/c observation. Has observed on several occasions.

- page 1 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of a "circular, disc-shaped object" with a "short, stubby, horizontal vapor trail or tail, like a rocket". This is described in the text where the witness is asked to "Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects" and provides the details of the observed object.

Regarding the text in the document, here is the OCR output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
went out of my range of sight

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell who: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound? silent
b. Color: silver, with short stub tail, like a rocket

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note: how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1/3

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Hand-drawn sketch of a circular, disc-shaped object with a short, stubby, horizontal vapor trail or tail, like a rocket.]

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and response options.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Approx. 1,200 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Binoculars Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Theodolite Yes No
f. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: 
A small silver disc, back as star. Black as Tar.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a form filled out as part of Project Blue Book.

TEXT OUTPUT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

YES - SEVERAL TINES IN THE PAST 2 YEARS
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they the object ten? (Circle One) YES
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they the object ten? (Circle One) YES
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] 
ADDRESS: [Redacted] SPRINGFIELD, OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 26
SEX: F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
College music teacher. 
Interested in science. Was a GOODYEAR minor.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? U.S.A.F.B-DAYTON, OHIO
May 15, 1965

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO document. It contains a sketch or diagram rather than a photograph. The diagram includes instructions for the viewer, such as indicating where to place a "B" on the compass to show where the object was first seen, and instructions to draw a picture to show the motion or direction of the object(s).

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image, the output is:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon. (Bullseye) Place a "B" on the compass to show where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten response to a questionnaire or survey.

Please note this text from the document:

Please send some more blanks. Since I have seen several similar objects, this must not be peculiar, but I have never seen any of these objects before - Dayton or Springfield, Ohio. I wonder and wonder how they keep from crashing. I am wondering if they had some detail blanks to take care of my experience. Some details blanks to have on hand for night sightings as this information could be more precise.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Mrs Hunt/man/SAPOICC/728/2 28 Jul 65
JUL 29 1965

Dear Mrs Hunt,

This is in response to your letter of 17 May 1965 concerning the reported observation of a serial object. The information with certain details concerning the time, location, and appearance of the object, as contained in your letter, has been recorded in our files.

It is a policy of this office to advise the public that we do not identify or confirm the existence of any particular aerial object. This is due to the limited data available on any single case, and the inability to determine conclusively the nature of the object observed.

Thank you for your interest in this matter.

Sincerely,

JOHN H. SPAULDING 
Chief, Community Relations Division
Office of Information

COORDINATED BY: (Office Symbol: Name, Grade, Date)
SAP-011

SAP-01 
Combo cy - SAPOFC2
Reader cy - SAPOFC1
File cy - SAPOFC2
Stayback

- page 7 -

The image does not appear to contain any photograph. It is a document from the Foreign Technology Division of the Air Force Systems Command, dated July 13, 1965, regarding a UFO sighting in Tiffin, Ohio on May 17, 1965.

Text transcription:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF: TDEW
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 17 May 65, Tiffin, Ohio

TO: Hq USAF SAFOI-CC (Mrs Hunt)
WAMS D C 20330

1. This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report from Tiffin, Ohio, concerning an observation made on 17 May 65.

2. The report appears to be similar to other observations of a jet aircraft. If this is the case, it is requested that this file be closed.

3. She has requested additional FTD Form 16hs. It is suggested that copies of this form, along with a Fact Sheet, be forwarded to her.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a letter on Heidelberg College letterhead. The letter describes the sighting of a U.F.O. at around 9:00 P.M. on May 17, 1965. The object was described as being silver in color and traveling at an estimated speed of 1,000 m.p.h. The witness states that this is the second such sighting they have had this year.

Heidelberg College
Tiffin, Ohio 44883

May 17, 1965

Gentlemen: 

I would like to report the sighting of a U.F.O. at 9:00 P.M. tonight. The object was silver in color and was traveling at an estimated speed of 1,000 m.p.h.
It was traveling north of Tiffin from west to east. This is the second of these objects that I've seen this year. I hope that this will be of some help to your research.

Sincerely,

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather appears to be a document header or envelope. The text visible in the image includes:

Heidelberg College
Tiffin, Ohio 44883
Department for Research on Unidentified Flying Objects
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio
The envelope also has some hand-written notations, including "DK" and "EW".

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Tiffin, Ohio, 17 May 65

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI-CC (Mrs Hunt)
Washington, D.C. 20330

Reference the attached letter concerning the sighting of a UFO in Tiffin, Ohio on 17 May 65. It is suggested that the details of this sighting be evaluated by your office for follow-up action.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Evaluations
and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the Department of the Air Force in Washington, dated June 9, 1965, addressed to Miss [redacted]. The letter mentions that a "PTD Form 164" is attached, which is used for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects. The letter instructs that this form should be completed and returned to the office.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

9 June 1965

Dear Miss [redacted],

Attached is PTD Form 164 which is used for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects. As you may be aware, the Air Force evaluates these reports, and this form should be completed as fully as possible and returned to this office.

Sincerely,

SARA HUNT
Community Relations Division 
Office of Information

Miss [redacted]
Heidelberg College
Tiffin, Ohio 44883

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object you saw. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements.
1. When did you see the object? 27 May 1965
2. Time of day: 8 P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Drive - Tiffin, Ohio
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration) 20 Seconds
5.1 How was the time in sight determined? Watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes _X_ No
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Bright
b. Dim
c. None visible
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Some moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Sharply outlined
b. Like a bright star
c. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flashed or disappeared?
h. Drift slowly away?

- page 14 -

