PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: August 1965

2. LOCATION: Charles City, Iowa

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1. 45 Minutes, 2. N/R

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: West, Falling

8. PHOTOS: ☐ Yes ☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: ☐ Yes ☒ No

10. CONCLUSION: Will be reevaluated if form 164 sent is returned. Evaluation based on assumption that sighting occurred in August 1965, and that the duration of the second object was brief.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object sighted at 2300 in the NW. Looked like a planet to the naked eye. Gave off lights that were red, green, blue and white. Moved up and down sideways etc. At 2317 object split into two parts. One part remained in the same position and a second descended to a position to the lower right and about 1/3 of the way down to the horizon. Motion was reported as "Jittered" at this point it disappeared. 1st object watched until 1145P when fog obscured the area.

From 1st request, not returned. Date missing. If sighting in August likely that the star ARCTURUS which was low in the NW at 2300 was the Astro Body and a meteor observed passing the star giving an illusion that it was the same object splitting was the cause of the report.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                g. West
b. Northeast            d. Southeast            f. Southwest            h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes   No       e. Binoculars           Yes   No
b. Sun glasses          Yes   No       f. Telescope            Yes   No
c. Windshield           Yes   No       g. Theodolite           Yes   No
d. Window glass         Yes   No       h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Partially illegible handwritten text in this section]

Page 4 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes     No     Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes     No     Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[There is a small hand-drawn sketch with arrows in the bottom right of the page]


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[Most of this response is illegible due to black redaction]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Names and addresses are mostly redacted, with partial text visible for Charles City]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Last, First, Middle names are redacted]
ADDRESS [Street, City, Zone, State are mostly redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE
SEX

Additional information: I am a college student. I am taking, Physical and Algebra
[Rest of this line is partially illegible]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Nobody of any importance


- page 4 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 8

If you have any more questions you would want answered, don't hesitate to write me. I would be glad to answer them.

I realize that quite a bit of the information on UFO's is secret, but could you tell me how many sightings are reported each week and how many of these cannot be accounted for by a HOCAL explanation.


- page 6 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   9   Sept   1965
                                                    Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

1) my answer to thing 9 - I know down suggested that I stay and 
follow up in a lot of things which I did not.

2) another a helicopter - I know of no plane that would change
color as the object did, or change direction so fast.

2) point - while the swinging of color and flickering would be
accounted for in this instance, the change of direction of travel
would not.

3) settle - I know of no satellite that would appear this big, and
right through the atmosphere. Also I know of no satellite
that changes direction repeatedly.

4) no details - I can't seem object change.

5) weather balloon - This may answer question partially.
Charge of direction just not quite satisfactory as
of the object.

On September 4 I saw the same object (some more plus
or less) still. I was at the tavern. This time it did not change
color too much but it brightened and dimmed and briefly faded out.

Since I have seen several of this object in the last couple
of weeks, would it be possible for you to see and may a copy of
the questionnaire to have in hand for the next time I see
a UFO. Please could you give me permission to type off some
questionnaire.

My address: [redacted]   [zip code 50633]

(over please)


- page 7 -

HQ (TDEN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
2 September 1965

Greene, Iowa

Dear Mr.

Reference your letter of 24 August 1965 in which you reported seeing an unidentified object. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. It is requested that you fill out the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

The Air Force wishes to thank you for your interest in this subject.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 8 -

The text on this page is very faint and partially illegible. I can make out some fragments, but cannot confidently reproduce the full text. At the top of the page, there is "DIC" handwritten, and "H16" in the top right corner. There are multiple lines of text that are too blurry to accurately transcribe. Some words and phrases are visible, but not enough to construct complete sentences. The bottom of the page appears to have a list or table with some names or locations, but again, the text is too faint to read with certainty.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Greene, Iowa

U.S. Air Force
Pentagon
Washington
District of Columbia

There is also a faint circular stamp/marking on the right side of the document, but the text within it is not clearly legible.


- page 10 -

PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
21 August 65 22/0400

2. LOCATION
Charles City, Iowa

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (ARCTURUS)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

Sighting consistent with Star/Planet Report. The Star ARCTURUS
is in the position of the reported object.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
45 Minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object at 70 deg elevation in the NW for 45 minutes. Observed
for the last ten minutes through ground fog. Object reported
as brighter than any star in that part of the sky and bright or
than a planet. Wipes were separated. Final disappearance
obscured by fog.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
TD SP 63 0-329 (TDE)


- page 11 -

Mrs. Hunt/man/SAFOIC/C/2842/20 Sep 65

Dear Mr.                                                                 SEP 20 1965

This is in reply to your report of your observation of an aerial object on the night of 21 August 1965.

The object which you observed has the characteristics of a star or planet. The star Arthur was in the position of a reported object. The apparent motion and brightness can be attributed to atmospheric conditions at the time of the sighting.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Greene, Iowa 50636

[The rest of the document contains administrative markings and routing information which appear partially illegible]


- page 12 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

TDEM

UFO Sighting, 21 Aug 65, Charles City, Iowa

Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

Reference the attached unidentified report from
The reported object is characteristic of a star or planet observation. The star Arcturus was in the position of the reported object. The apparent motion and brightness can be attributed to atmospheric conditions at the time of the sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Sighting, 21 Aug 65,
Charles City, Iowa

SEP 14 1965


- page 13 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day: [partially illegible, appears to be "11"]
Month: August
Year: 1965

2. Time of Day: 11 [Hour] -- [Minutes]
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Location details are blacked out]
City or Town: [blank]
State or County: [blank]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours: [blank] Minutes: [blank] Seconds: [blank]

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes [checked] No [unchecked]

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
              b. In back of you      e. Overhead
              c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 24 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 14 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

a. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [partially illegible text]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 15 -

