PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
31 August 65 01/0252

2. LOCATION
Cheyenne, Wyoming

3. SOURCE
Military

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Maneuvered

8. PHOTOS
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Information relayed through AF Command Post. Time motion sequence not included.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Ring of light sharply outlined. Disappeared while watching object. No sound. Red, white, blue and green colors. Round barrel sized. Flight was to the West, then East, the North out of sight.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

The text I can see on this document is:

Alliance
Denver
Cheyenne
Sterling
Ogallala
North Platte
Bridgeport

At the bottom of the document, there is a notation:
OC6079 (L.A. Calif) 62-19590

This appears to be a map of part of Wyoming and surrounding states, with various cities and routes marked. The map is predominantly black and white with dotted and solid lines indicating roads or boundaries.


- page 2 -

26 August 65

Wyoming

Cheyenne

Letters indicate missile
launch control centers.

went about
cloud bank

All greater than 1/2 Aircraft.

Observed 4 times
approximately 25 minutes
past.

No sound.


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Wyoming
Letters indicate missile
launch control centers

Cheyenne

Colorado

Nebraska

That last 3 showed
These with bright
Lights in this
formation &
2 minutes of flight time

Vanished

Stray lights in vicinity

The document also contains a diagram with letters and a compass rose/directional indicator, but I have transcribed only the readable text as instructed.


- page 4 -

Text found in the document:

N

Wyoming
Letters indicate missile
launch control centers

Nebraska

Handwritten note in top right corner: 0110
742
0

The document appears to be a map or diagram with various letters and a compass orientation marker (N). The text at the bottom of the map indicates that the letters represent missile launch control centers in Wyoming and Nebraska.


- page 5 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS TACTICAL AIR COMMAND (SAC)
FRANCIS E WARREN AIR FORCE BASE, WYOMING 82003

900COP                                                                     2 0 SEP 1965

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO:    AFSC (FTD)

1.    Reference AFR 200-2, as amended. The following described un-
identified flying objects are an addition to our report of
6 August 1965.

2.    Description of Objects: The reported objects are plotted on the
attached maps with descriptions as referenced in subparagraphs below:

a. Reported by civilian guard at Sioux Army Depot to Golf Launch
Control Facility, where Air Force personnel observed with binoculars.
The first sighting began at 2145 local time, and the second sighting
at 2220 local time. The latter sighting consisted of two objects
moving approximately one mile apart. Objects were the size of the
North Star, pale yellow to white, and moving rapidly about 30 degrees
above the horizon. See plot number 1.

b. Reported from Mosel Launch facility and observed by nine
military personnel with the aid of binoculars. See plot number 2.

(1) The first sighting was of an object the size of a star
which appeared to the Southeast, and traveled Westward, disappearing
to the Southeast. Object was at 20,000 feet, very fast, and reappeared
at four 25 minute intervals on the same course.

(2) The second sightings were to the North of the observation
point. Object was slightly less than the size of a pea but appeared
slightly larger with each successive sighting. Resembled a luminous
glow, white to yellowish in front, semi-circular in shape, and the last
two sightings appeared to have a trailing white glow. On four occasions,
there was a roaring jet-like noise at some distance behind. Notice
some similarity to following report on same night by another group.

c. Objects reported by three airmen of a Geodetic Survey Team, who
observed them with the aid of a theodolite (equivalent to a 40 power
telescope). See plot number 3.

(1) Object appeared to be twice the size of a pinhead, appeared
in the middle of the Big Dipper and moved on course as indicated. When
seen through the theodolite, object became three white objects grouped
as shown on plot.

Peace.... is our Profession


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Sept (2) 

2. Time of day: 01-0245Z

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not a good estimate
d. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)
a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other: [partially illegible text]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
                    Yes    No    Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?


- page 8 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

[Handwritten response appears to be "yes" but is somewhat illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: [blank]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: [blank]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [partially illegible text]
b. Color: [partially illegible text]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of this object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

[No response written]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten text appears to read: "round, short, size"]


- page 9 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No         e. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No         f. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No         g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No         h. Other ___________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 10 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine then you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The image also contains a compass rose diagram and a sketch showing angular measurements from 0° to 90° with a landscape silhouette.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER     AGE     SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    Day     Month     Year


- page 12 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
31 August 65 01/0500

2. LOCATION
Cheyenne, Wyoming

3. SOURCE
Eight Civilians

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Three

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
35 - 40 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
(Ground-Visual) (WR)

7. COURSE
West

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Eight young civilians of data-group with 50/100 power telescope observed object low on horizon in the North westerly west. Three objects color location: Red, white and blue 15-16.

Duration miles out 4/5. Sighting consistent with Astro. Satellite, no major astro bodies in that region of the sky at the time of observation. Data is insufficient sequence as well as number of disappearance not specified. Concluded as Insufficient.

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 13 -

(2) Object again appeared in same location but on the next five successive observations. Plot an actual course and disappeared to the East. At first, object became three white objects, but as it moved Eastward the two rear whites disappeared and three were now six red, green, and white lights as shown on plot.

d. Object sighted and observed through binoculars by Staff Sergeant and two neighbors, at 1930 local time. Object, oblong, about the size of a saucer, moved with an up and down motion, white in color with a flashing light. Local weather balloons are launched at 10AM and 10PM, so this object is eliminated as a weather balloon. Object was also observed on 31 August and 3 September. See plot number 4.

e. Object was observed to the North of Cheyenne by group of eight young civilians, whose hobby is scanning watch a 50/100 telescope. Object appeared low on horizon, moving slowly Westward, disappearing sometime higher above horizon. There were three objects, side of a dime, close together with red, white, and blue lights. See plot number 2.

f. Object first sighted by personnel at Golf, who informed two members of the Target Alignment Team at a nearby Launch Site. The latter observed the object with a theodolites and identified it as Jupiter, due to observation of the three moons of the planet.

g. The members of the Target Alignment Team and Geodetic Survey personnel seem to be fairly well trained in astronomy and can present a very accurate description of object and movements.

4. The weather in all aspects was clear with occasional clouds.

5. Report was compiled by Major 2nd B. Brown, Intelligence Staff Officer, with 19 years of military experience.

6. Attached are four plots showing locations of observers and directions of movement.

7. Request information as to whether this or the previous report may be released to the public.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WILLARD R. GILBERT, Colonel, USAF
Commander, 309th Combe Spt Gp

4 Atch
1 - 4 Maps

2


- page 14 -

