Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
3 September 65 04/0342Z

2. LOCATION
Waynesville, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (METEOR) V

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 Second

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object streaking across the sky that looked like fireworks ready to explode, except that all the witness observed was a tail of brilliant light.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
N/A

8. PHOTOS
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[X] No

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Mrs. Huntsman/SAFOICC/72842/20 Sep 65

Dear Mis[redacted]

SEP 20 1965

This is in reply to your letter regarding unidentified flying objects.

Your observation on 3 September 1965 is similar to many reports of observation of meteors.

The data which you presented on your first observation is insufficient for evaluation. I am enclosing a copy of PTD Form 164 which is used for making such reports to the Air Force. This form should be completed as fully as possible and returned to this office so that an evaluation can be made.

I am enclosing a report on Project Blue Book, the Air Force UFO project. This report contains information on this program since its origin in 1947. I hope this will be of interest to you.

The books by Donald Keyhoe are considered by the Air Force to be science fiction.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

2 Atch
1. PTD Form 164
2. Blue Book Report

Miss [redacted]
Waynesville, Ohio

[Bottom of page contains administrative markings and routing information]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

2

caused and seemed to have their resumed its way
much. My mother suggested that it was an airplane,
but I ruled that out because of the speed and the
light. Planes have flashing red and green lights
whereas this had a steady white one. I do not feel that
this was an hallucination because all five of us saw
it and last night, Monday, September 6, we saw
two more. One traveling from south to north the
other from south to north east where it disappeared.
The first of these was throwing circles and ninety-degree
turns. I would like your views on this.

Sincerely Yours,


- page 3 -

Text found in the document:

Mrs
Tampa, Florida 33614

11 SEP 16 1965

Aerial Phenomena Division
Pentagon
Washington D.C.

(Note: There is a postage stamp on the right side of the document with a partially visible portrait)


- page 4 -

Tampa, Florida 33614
September 7, 1965

Aerial Phenomena Division
Washington D.C.

Dear Sirs;

I am writing to ask you if you would happen to know of any of our satellites or any of the satellites belonging to the U.S.R. have ever been launched into orbit parallel with the prime meridian. I thought most satellites were launched parallel with the equator and have not thought much about it until recently. This is why.

One Saturday, September 4, at 9:20 P.M. Eastern Standard Time, it happened to notice an unusually brilliant light in the sky directly east. At first I thought it was an illusion until it compared it to the stars around it and found that it was moving. I rushed inside, told my parents and two brothers about it and we all went back outside and watched it. My mother judged it to be at least 100 miles away and above the clouds. We clocked it and found it took ten minutes for it to travel from a position directly east of us to a position north-east of us where we lost track of it. During the course of its flight, it once


- page 5 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

TDSW
Request for UFO information

TO: Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs. Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

Reference the attached letter from Miss _______ requesting information on her unidentified observation. The following is a suggested reply:

a. Dear Miss _______

The objects which you sighted on the nights of 4 Sep and
6 Sep correspond with the passage of the satellite Echo II.
Echo II was to chart at Tampa at 7:25 p.m. on 4 Sep at
25 degrees elevation heading northeast. On 6 Sep the satellite
was to the north of Tampa at 9:07 p.m. at 77 degrees elevation
moving northeast and at 9:56 p.m. passing to the west of the
city. Reading northeast. The apparent hesitation in flight is
a common illusion as one light, in this case Echo II, nears
another light such as a star. In addition the satellite Echo II,
there are more than 30 satellites and space debris visible to
the naked eye.

For THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
17 Sep 65


- page 6 -

Mrs. Hunt/man/SAFOI00/72842/13 Oct 65

Dear Miss

The objects which you sighted on the nights of 4 and 6 Sep- 
tember correspond with the passage of the satellite, Echo II. 
Echo II was to the east of Tampa at 7:25 p.m. on 4 September at 
25 degrees elevation heading northeast. On 6 September, the 
Echo II was visible to the north of Tampa at 8:07 p.m. at 77 
degrees elevation moving northwest and at 9:54 p.m. passing to 
the west of the city heading northeast. The apparent hesita- 
tion in flight is a common illusion as one light, in this case 
Echo II, nears another light such as a star.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

JOHN F. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Miss
Tampa, Florida 33611

[Remainder of document contains administrative markings and is partially illegible]


- page 7 -

Page 2

On this same night, we saw an object go streaking across the sky almost over head and suddenly just disappear out of sight. It could be likened to fireworks that are getting ready to explode and go: but instead all we saw was a brilliant light as if it were a tail and it only lasted just a second.

As for the purpose of writing this letter, I would like very much to know more on these objects and I wondered if you could give me some sources that I might check into if you yourself could not give some.

I would like to thank you very much for reading this letter. I feel the Air Force is making a grave mistake by not telling the public a little more about these objects. The day is certainly fast approaching when we may wish more people had known something about these UFO's.

Thank you.
Respectfully,

Waynesville, Ohio


- page 8 -

September 7, 1965

Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

About two years ago I bought a book by Donald Keyhoe. It was entitled Flying Saucers Top Secret. I have never been a skeptic when discussion of flying saucers was going on and as time went on I have read many other persons views on these UFO's. As a result of these readings I have become more interested than ever in learning all I can about them. However, I realize that so much material is classified and cannot be made public.

About a month ago I was sitting outside when I happened to notice a very brilliant object in the sky. Naturally, at first, I just thought it was a very bright star. I watched it very closely, and could see that it was not a star. This object whatever it might have been stationary for some time at that point. Then it began to move very rapidly coming northeast and moving so fast (as is were secondly) that another UFO was soon out of sight. I was not the only one who saw it.

This was not the first of such slowing objects as I have seen nor is it the last. On several occasions and always with witnesses that at least there was this glowing, rapid moving object, I have seen one being and appear to be quite low to be within sight. On September 3rd, Friday at 10:45 I saw another or a star. This time it has appeared as I was of a brilliant color, similar to a silver or an aluminum which is reflecting light. It appeared to be just north of us around the area of Dayton. There were it seemed lights or a reddish nature and also a glow in or around lights. It was twinkling in such a way that it remained me of a Christmas tree ornament which glows from the oscillations. Or at least that was my impression.


- page 9 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON, D.C.

TDEW
UFO Sightings, Waynesville, Ohio                                 SEP / 0 1 9

Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C  20330

We are in receipt of a letter from reporting sightings of unusual objects. Her observation on 3 Sept 65 at 1045 pm is similar to many reports which our project has received on meteors. Her previous observation is more difficult to explain and date presented was not sufficient for evaluation. It is suggested that an FTD Form 164 be sent to her along with a Fact Sheet and explanation that Mr Keyhoe's books are regarded as science fiction by the Air Force.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Itr
7 Sep 65


- page 10 -

