Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE TIME GROUP
20 Mar 65 23/0205

3. SOURCE
Civ 11 m

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3.8 secs

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NW

8. PHOTOS
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[X] No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)

2. LOCATION
Watertown, South Dakota

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (meteor)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Bright night, object appeared as vapor, fiery object. Dis-
appeared as though it dropped it. Felt green color. Posi-
tion: Directly overhead. Traveled NW. Sighting lasted
10-12 seconds. Probably meteor, no further investigation
shown to be warranted.

Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document also contains a compass rose and a diagram showing elevation angles from 0° to 75°, with a landscape silhouette at the bottom.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
    HOUSE WATERTOWN   S. DAK.
TELEPHONE NUMBER                 AGE 13   SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[Additional text is partially illegible]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Text in this section is also partially illegible]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     23    April    1965     Page 7

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The rest of the page is blank.


- page 4 -

Text found in the document:

Watertown, So. Dak.

Office of the;
Secretary of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.

SAF01

(There is also a postmark visible on the right side of the document, but the text is not fully legible)


- page 5 -

Watertown, So. Dak.
March 31, 1965

Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Field
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

Last night I noticed a peculiar occurrence and since you deal with this kind of work I was hoping you might be able to provide an explanation as to exactly what it was I saw.

I had just arrived home from orchestra practice and stopped to look up at the sky. It was a clear, starlit night without any noticeable cloud cover. As I paused to watch the sky for a moment there was suddenly a rather bright green flash almost directly overhead. I realized immediately that it wasn't a meteor because of its high angle of attack, high altitude with large size, and relatively low speed. The possibility of an airplane is rejected at its size and altitude.

This lasted only a few seconds and I was alone, but I would appreciate hearing from you.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature redacted]


- page 6 -

Watertown, So. Dak.

Technical Intelligence Center
Wright Field
Dayton, Ohio

[There is also a postmark and a postage stamp visible on the document]


- page 7 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEN/UTO                                                   12 April 1965
SUBJECT: UFO Observation, Watertown, South Dakota

TO:   Hq USAF SAFOI-CC (Mrs Hunt)
       Wash D C 20330

1. We have received a letter from Mr [redacted] Avenue, Southeast, Watertown, South Dakota, regarding an Observation on the night of 30 Mar 65.

2. His letter did not contain sufficient information for an evaluation of his sighting. Would you please send an FTD Form 164 to this individual.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 8 -

Mrs Hunt/SAFOTCC/T2242/16 Apr 65

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Reference is made to your UFO report of 30 March 1965.

The description of the object which you provided was insufficient for analysis. If it is necessary the attached PTO Form 164 is completed as fully as possible and returned to the office in order that an evaluation can be made of the report.

Sincerely,

1 atch
PTO Form 164
Mr. [redacted]
Watertown, South Dakota


- page 9 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
20 MARCH 1965
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 9 - 30
        Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Partially redacted] WATERTOWN, SO. DAK
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
        3
    Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By STATION

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ✓ No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright          a. Bright
b. Cloudy          b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FTO OCT 52 164


- page 10 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Day
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Fuzzy
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still or any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes | No | Don't know
Yes | No | Don't know
Yes | No | Don't know
Yes | No | Don't know
Yes | No | Don't know
Yes | No | Don't know
Yes | No | Don't know
Yes | No | Don't know


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
TO FALL APART SLOWLY AND FINALLY DISSOLVE.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
In front of: SEVERAL STARS   IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - NO SOUNDS
b. Color - BRIGHT GREEN

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and not how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, tell us
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
IT WAS LIKELY BIGGER BECAUSE OF THE TALL

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The document includes a hand-drawn sketch showing a rough trajectory of an object with an arrow indicating its movement direction]


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? APPROXIMATELY THAT OF A

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   AS EXTREMELY HIGH ALTITUDE

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East            e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast       f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No         e. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No         f. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No         g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No         h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text appears to be present but is partially illegible]


- page 13 -

