Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE + TIME GROUP
20 Jul 65 1747/32

2. LOCATION
West Fairview, Pennsylvania

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 Minute

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
-

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
☒No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
☒No

10. CONCLUSION
Data presented indicates that an a/c, nothing was could have
been a logical cause of the sighting.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Scattered clouds. Estimated 18,000. 210° or more changed
color 1 or 2 hrs to light to dark in wing. No shape variable.
Halo. Moved very high speed. Looked like a balloon only moved to East.

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-329 (TDB) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
    so yes, it moved behind a cloud

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    If you answered YES, then tell what
    it moved behind:    cloud

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    If you answered YES, then tell what
    in front of:    [blank]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound:    no sound, was near a highway and it was so noisy
    b. [Illegible text]
    c. Color:    [Illegible text]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
    much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
    sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
    did not perform experiment

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
    of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially unusual trails or vapor trails.
    Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

    [A hand-drawn sketch is included with various location notes like "WP", "route", "east", "Johnstown, Pa", "North", "Harrisburg", and an arrow indicating movement direction]


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? that I can't say past of one time

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ___________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ___________
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield? Olympia field, A.F.B
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 d. Southeast        g. South           j. West
b. Northeast             e. Southwest        h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   when I saw the object + I stopped by fire.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes   No   e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses          Yes   No   f. Telescope       Yes   No
c. Windshield           Yes   No   g. Theodolite      Yes   No
d. Window glass         Yes   No   h. Other ___________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common 
object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a balloon clut object went too fast for a balloon)


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the current line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

only one


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

NO

21. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]    City [redacted]    Zone    Penn    State

TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]    AGE 12    SEX male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?

Day [illegible]    Month [illegible]    1965    Year

Project Blue Book


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   7   Aug    1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The rest of the page is blank.


- page 6 -

Msg Huntsman/SIFOINC/7284/26 Aug 65

AUG 26 1965

Dear Mr [redacted]:

This is in reply to your request for an evaluation of your report of an aerial object which you observed over West Fairview, Pennsylvania on 20 July 1965.

The speed and flight characteristics of the object are consistent with those of conventional aircraft reflecting sunlight.

Thank you for submitting your report to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

JOHN F. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

West Fairview, Pennsylvania

[A table labeled "COORDINATED BY (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date)" is present but mostly blank]


- page 7 -

UFOB

UFO Sighting, West Fairview, Pennsylvania, 20 Jul 65

Hq USAF SAFYICO (Wro)
Wash D C 20330

This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report from West Fairview Road, West Fairview, Pennsylvania. He has requested an evaluation of the object which he observed over West Fairview, Pennsylvania on 20 Jul 65. The speed of the objects and flight characteristics are consistent with conventional aircraft reflecting sunlight. The sighting is carried in the aircraft category for statistical purposes.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC J. de WECHTEZER
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Systems

ORIGINATOR: DEN/UFO    MAJ L. Quintanilla, DS    DATED 24 Jul 65


- page 8 -

Dear Sirs:

On July 20, 1968, at 12:42 p.m. while riding my bike in West Fairview, Pa. (across the river from Harrisburg) I saw a round, silver object (like a plate for disk) traveling east, north of Harrisburg. It was traveling slowly at first, then it made some violent turns and manvers as if it were in trouble. Just as it started to loose altitude, it picked up speed, and at an unbelievable speed it headed almost straight up and was out of sight in seconds.

The object was to fast for a balloon, was too fast and made too many sharp turns and violent movements for an airplane. And I wasn't seeing things. The object was or too far away, so all I could tell you was that it was disk shaped. But it was close to be recognized as an airplane or balloon. The object was moving N.E. to S.W. I watched it for about 2 to 3 minutes then it was gone. I do not want this sighting too be publicized. I have not told anyone. I did not make it up because I'm interested in UFOs, etc.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

because I'm only 12 years old, it was
a clear day with only about a small clouds. What
did I see?

Please send me an explanation

[Mailing address, partially redacted]

Project Blue
Air Tech. Intelligence Center
Dayton, Ohio

[Postmark and stamp visible]


- page 10 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

Dear [redacted]:

Attached is PDD Form 164 which is used for
reporting observations of unidentified flying objects
to HQ AIR FORCE. In order for the Air Force to
evaluate these reports, this form should be completed
as fully as possible and returned to this office.

Sincerely,
SARA RUTH
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
PDD Form 164

West Fairview, Pennsylvania


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI/IO (Sten Hunt)
DASH D C 20330

REMARKS:
Request you forward an FTD Form 164 to West Fairview, Pennsylvania.
His letter did not contain sufficient information for evaluation of his sighting of 20 Jul 65.

FROM: ATIC/UTO
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

DATE: 23 Jul 65
PHONE: 4926

DD FORM 95 1 OCT 60 WHICH WILL BE USED UNTIL EXHAUSTED.


- page 12 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. (To request this personal information, the request is deemed to be for official use.)

1. When did you see the object?
    7-17-62
    Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:
    (Circle One):    8:30 PM
    (Refer to 12 hr. clock)

3. Time Zone:
    (Circle One): a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    West Fairview    Penna.
    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    about 15    
    Hours    Minutes    Seconds

    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    I had no watch, I used my mind
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY     NIGHT
    a. Clear     a. Bright
    b. Slightly cloudy    b. Cloudy
    c. Cloudy     c. Dark

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One): a. In front of you
                b. In back of you
                c. To your right
                d. To your left
                e. Overhead
                f. Don't remember


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

9. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

Handwritten text: It was a light but I could make a shape out of it, because I think the light was a reflection.

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Handwritten text: Can't think of anything that I think it was a reflection, indeed light

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply defined
c. Poorly outlined
d. Don't remember

Handwritten text: I could see the shape half and half. Other than that I can't really tell you much about it.

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape only when it seemed to do so?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Responses to these questions are marked with various circles and checks, but the specific responses are not clearly legible in this image.]


- page 14 -

