The image does not contain any photographs, only a typed document with text. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 
2. LOCATION
    Dayton, Ohio
3. SOURCE
    Military
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
    1 (one)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
    20 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
    Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
    Stationary
8. PHOTOS
    None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
    No
10. CONCLUSION
    Astro (Venus)
    Venus was at 15 deg elev in SW at time of observation
    stay lower than 60 deg over horizon, as reflection in windshield

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 9 September 1965
2. Time of day: 1900 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
(Circle One): a. Standard b. Daylight Saving
4. Where were you when you saw the object? WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, DAYTON, OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 50 Minutes Seconds
c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? APPROXIMATELY DRIVE INTO TOWN AND BACK
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No X
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire or form with text describing various details about an observed object in the night sky.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: BRIGHTER THAN STARS

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Other, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time?Yes/No/Don't know, b. Suddenly speed up or any time?Yes/No/Don't know, etc.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a survey questionnaire with various questions about the observer's sighting experience.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? N/O

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound N/O
b. Color WHITE, BRIGHT

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire with various questions related to a sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? VERY DISTANT

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city? YES
b. In the residential section of a city? YES
c. In open countryside? YES
d. Near an airfield? YES
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other INVESTIGATING STRANGE CRAFT OVER THE CITY OF DAYTON

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 50 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) 
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Headlight Yes (No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

ROUND

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document page from Project Blue Book. The image contains only diagrams and text.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NEVER BEFORE

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name  Middle Name
ADDRESS Street WING, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFBSt 2i.y Phone
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 46 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
THIS WAS THE SAME TIME AS THE POWER FAILURE ON THE NORTHEAST COAST OF THE U.S. AS WONDEERD AS POWER FAILURES GO THOMA B HAO NEVER BEFORE.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
NOV 9 1960 TO USAF COMMAND

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9 NOV 65
Day    Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

OBJECT FIRST SEEN AS A REFLECTION IN CAR WINDSHIELD AS SGT. THOMAS ENTERED HIS CAR AFTER LEAVING THE NON-CITY WRIGHT-PATTERSON CLUB MANAGER. HE DROVE TOWARD TOWN ALONG AND OBJECT WAS VISIBLE THE WHOLE TIME. HE PARKED IN SEARS LOT WHERE HE LAST SAW THE OBJECT. ORIGINALLY THE OBJECT WAS "SIX FEET IN DIAMETER" BUT APPEARED DISTANT. AT SEARS THE OBJECT HAD DIMINISHED IN SIZE - IT WAS THE "SIZE OF A SMALL COCKTAIL GLASS."

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document likely related to Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements.

1. When did you see the object?
Day      Month   Year
_4_       NOV     _65_

2. Time of day:
4 :30 
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
                   b. Central
                   c. Mountain
                   d. Pacific
                   e. Other _______

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Dayton        Ohio      
Nearest Postal Address        City / Town         State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours   Minutes   Seconds
_3 _    _0 _     _0_

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes      No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY       b. NIGHT
   Bright      a. Bright 
   Cloudy     b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
(Circle One): a. In front of you
                   b. To your left
                   c. In back of you
                   d. To your right
                   e. Overhead 
                   f. Don't remember

FTD FORM  
OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD SS 64, Jul 41, which is obsolete.

- page 9 -

There appears to be no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

Transcribed text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same 
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
_Lower light of a car_

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or slow down at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off another? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
Faded from sight and disappeared in eye.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes  No  Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Nothing
b. Color: White

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
cannot make this estimation

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
N/A

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report document.

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other _____

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and instructions. The diagram appears to be a sky map or compass showing different angle measurements, likely intended to help observers track the movement of objects in the sky. The instructions below the diagram ask the reader to imagine a scenario and draw a picture depicting the motion of the observed object or objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "D" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 13 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted information]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: [Redacted]
SEX: M
I don't recall seeing the object of which they were speaking, but they were both witnesses to the same experience.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Redacted]

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely part of Project Blue Book, with a form-like structure. The page is numbered 7 and contains questions and space for the respondent to provide information.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 04-04-Yr
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report, likely from Project Blue Book, containing various information and data points.

G230 - 2 items - 15-November
01297 - 039 --
Carr Pattern 2207-
7-29 3211-
6-54 3006-
Camm 8-7 2-7 
15-757
22.4 Condln

- page 16 -

