The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 September 55 21/0532Z
2. LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio Area
19. CONCLUSION: Satellite (ECHO II)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY ANALYSIS: Three reports of satellite object with erratic motion over the Dayton area attributed to reporting of error and/or atmospheric disturbances. Possible satellite Echo II.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a form for reporting UFO sightings to the U.S. Air Force.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force a detailed account of any unidentified flying objects which you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will not be used in connection with any prosecu-tion, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 1235 (Circle One): A.M. P.M.
3. Time scene: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other 
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 0 15 Minutes Seconds
6. Certain Partly certain Not very sure
6.1 How was time in sight determined?
6.2 Was distance to object estimated?
7. What was the condition of the sky?
8. DAY: NIGHT
8.a CLEAR: CLOUDY
8.b HAZY: RAINING
8.c BRIGHT: DARK
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): 1. Ahead of you 2. Behind you 3. Your left 4. Your right 5. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a questionnaire or report form from Project Blue Book, likely related to a UFO sighting.

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. 0-2/10 b. 3-7/10 c. Sky clear d. Mostly or heavy clouds  
WEATHER (Circle One): 5. Fog, mist, or light rain 6. Moderate or heavy rain

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid b. As a light c. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS?: (Circle One) 
c. Dimmer

12. THE SHAPE OF THE OBJECT WAS: (Circle One)
a. Like a bright star b. Oval or elongated c. Definitely not a star or planet

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
g. Disappear and reappear?

The text has been transcribed and output completely, with no additional commentary or analysis.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph or image. It is a page from a document with a questionnaire about a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? No.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one) Yes - It moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one) In front of - No.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Silent
b. Color: Bright, white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known size of the object if you had performed this. If you had performed this, how much of the match head would the object have covered? (handwritten response)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing any features of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails. Place an arrow to show the direction in which the object was moving.
(Handwritten response with sketch, not transcribed)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire or survey format.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No ? Rapid speed, as compared to known objects
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outside d. At sea e. Other ______
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 21.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. Southeast f. Southwest g. West 24.2 Approximately how many miles per hour? 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: (Circle One) a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other _____
26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you observed. A series of objects which merged into a disc-shaped object

The text from the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO ? Rapid speed, as compared to known objects
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outside d. At sea e. Other ______
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 21.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. Southeast f. Southwest g. West 24.2 Approximately how many miles per hour? 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: (Circle One) a. Eyeglasses YES NO b. Sun glasses YES NO c. Windshield YES NO d. Window glass YES NO e. Binoculars YES NO f. Telescope YES NO g. Theodolite YES NO h. Other _____
26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you observed. A series of objects which merged into a disc-shaped object

- page 5 -

The image contains a compass-like illustration and an associated diagram, but no photograph. The text instructs the viewer to imagine a scenario based on the visual elements provided.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "x" on the compass where the object was sighted (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the manner that the object or objects moved. Place an "A" or a "B" on the path to show the start and end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the sighting.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically Project Blue Book.

30. N/A
31. No, I was answered YES, and they are the object seen? (Circle One) 
31.1 If you answered YES, and they are the object seen? (Circle One) 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Dayton, Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED], Dayton, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE [REDACTED] SEX [REDACTED]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year
F 720 UNTIL AFTER 2

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form or questionnaire with blank spaces for responses.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: _ May _ Month _ 7 Day _ Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a form with various questions and answers filled out by the witness.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared to that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the UFO observation that you have described. The information that you give will assist in compiling data which may be of value in connection with any further investigations of UFO sightings, and such information be may be confidential or for your personal use.
1. When did you see the object? 2 Sept 65 2. Time of day: 1750 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? London, Ohio
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration) 15-20 seconds
a. Continuous b. Briefly seen at intervals
5.1 How was time in sight determined? watch 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? yes  
6. What was the condition of the sky? 
a. DAY: b. NIGHT: 
1. Clear    1. Overcast    2. Partly cloudy    2. Clear    3. Hazy    3. Partly cloudy  
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located at the object? 
a. Behind you   b. To the right   c. To the left   d. In front of you   e. Don't remember

- page 9 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains a questionnaire or form with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
13. The edges of the object were: 
13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)

The text in the document has been transcribed as follows:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. STARS (Circle One) 
1. None
2. Fewer
3. Same
4. Many remember

b. MOON (Circle One)
1. Dark
2. Bright moonlight
3. Full moonlight
4. No moonlight - pitch dark
5. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Partly cloudy
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

13. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) 
a. Clearly outlined
b. Blurred

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to be round still or oval at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
d. Change in brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change in shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 10 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a Project Blue Book UFO report form with various questions and responses filled out by hand.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?  No
15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):        Yes        No        Don't know.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):        Yes        No        Don't know.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: Shape: Round
Color: Golden color, ground the same than ship
18. We wish to know the angular size, hold a match stick or pencil at arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object this will cover. If you have determined this information, please enter it here: Object approx. 1/2 to 1 inch at the position.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your reply the size of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show the direction the object was moving.

(Hand-drawn sketch of a round object)

- page 11 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page with some handwritten notes or annotations at the bottom.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and output all the text found in the document:

6-9-679178-Dayton-OhioArea.pdf12.txt

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a Project Blue Book investigation of a UFO sighting. The document has text with questions and checkboxes for the witness to provide information about the sighting, such as the speed, distance, and direction of the object, as well as details about the witness's location and movement at the time of the sighting.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES - NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES - NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away could you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
1. Inside a building
2. In a car
3. Outdoors
4. In an airplane (type)
5. At sea
6. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open country
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over open country?
f. Flying over own country?
g. Other

24.1 What direction were you moving?
a. North
b. South
c. East
d. West

24.2 How fast were you moving? (Miles per hour)

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) YES - NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses - Yes - No
b. Sun glasses - Yes - No
c. Telescope - Yes - No
d. Window glass - Yes - No
e. Binoculars - Yes - No
f. Cameras - Yes - No
g. Other - Yes - No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which were sighted up to the 39 would give the same appearance as they.

- page 13 -

The image contains a diagram showing the path of an object or objects. The diagram includes a compass rose and some angular measurements, indicating that the image is intended to capture the motion or trajectory of the observed object(s). There does not appear to be any photographic image present in this particular page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "X" on the object you saw above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "+" on the object where you last saw it. Place a "G" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place a "+" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the sighting.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were oriented, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with blanks for the witness to fill out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give data or place and location. No
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[REDACTED]
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] 
AGE: 55 SEX: F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which may be pertinent: 
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: See report address. Year: 1965

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with text and boxes for filling out information.

44. Does you complained this questionnaire:    Day    Month     Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific portions of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared to assist you in giving the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information that you provide will be of invaluable assistance in the evaluation of these phenomena. The information will be treated as confidential and will not be used in any legal, disciplinary, or publications without your permission. We request that you furnish this personal information for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 22 Sept 1955
2. Time of day: 1745 Hours
3. Time Zone: (Circle One:) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific (Circle One:) a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Lebanon, Ohio
5. How long were object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 minutes
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun located as you looked at the object? (Circle One:) a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left e. Don't remember

FTO 30 23 164

- page 17 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a form with questions and answer choices related to observations of an unidentified object in the night sky.

8-1 STARS(Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear 
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Mostly or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain 
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter 
b. Not as bright
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Comparison brightness to some common object: _____

12. The shape of the object was: (Circle One)
a. Like a bright star
b. Spherical 
c. Other ________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Seemed to stand still or move slowly? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up or change direction? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Disappear suddenly? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off colored lights? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Giving off sparks or trail? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Chanage in size or shape? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions with multiple-choice answers.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes  No  Don't know. 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes  No  Don't know.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: Spherical 
b. Color: white, with brightest stars in color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and compare the apparent size of the object to the match stick. If you had performed this comparison, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your picture all of the things you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or plumes and direction the object was moving.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES (NO)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES (NO) 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

23. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (open)
d. Outdoors (trees)
e. At sea
f. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. East b. Northeast c. Southeast d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) (No)  
b. Sun glasses (Yes) (No)
c. Windshield (Yes) (No)
d. Window glass (Yes) (No)

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.
21 August 1965 - Dayton, Ohio Area

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with instructions and questions related to observing and reporting UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve high above the horizon where the object (objects) first came in. Place a "B" on the curve where you last saw the object. Place a "G" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the first sighting and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 21 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and fields for the respondent to fill out.

39. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location. [Handwritten response: "NO"]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) [Handwritten response: "YES"] 
31.1 If so, who was the other person(s)? [Handwritten response: "A.T. DeBolt Debigny, Ohio"]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted] 
AGE: 27

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? [Handwritten response: "Debigny Police Station"]

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which appears to contain a questionnaire or form with questions and space for written responses.

OCR Text:
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 23 -

