There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PROJECT 10079 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
23/0600Z 65
2. LOCATION
Landis, North Carolina
3. SOURCE
CIVILIAN
10. CONCLUSION 
UNKNOWN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
3
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Objects sighted were very bright orange colored. They were flat on top and bottom and dark on around the edges. The objects were unidentified. They were flying to the North. No sound.
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 SECONDS
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
GROUND - VISUAL
7. COURSE
North
8. PHOTOS
N.N.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
N.N.
FTO FORM 0-329 (TDR) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with a form to be filled out by the witness.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS [REDACTED] [REDACTED], [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 15 SEX 7 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing handwritten text and a postmark.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
5 Day 1 Month 1 Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The sighting occurred around 9:00 P.M. on May 6, 1965. The object was observed for approximately 30 minutes and was described as a brightly illuminated disc-shaped object hovering stationary for a period of time, then suddenly accelerating and disappearing from view.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. 

Here is the text from the document:

HEADQUARTERS FOR UFO INFORMATION, ROGER BOAST

RE: CASE REPORTS (Mrs. Hunt) Information in unidentified flying objects. The following is a suggested reply:

Reference your letter of 28 J JL 1960. Project Blue Book case file 7 - 22832 explained your sightingconcerning unidentified flying objects. The following is a summary: The object observed was a bright light,observed for several seconds, in an approximately horizontal flight path from west to east. Your description of the object's speed and altitude are consistent with our analysis that the object was a meteor or space debris burning up in the atmosphere. No further action is required concerning your observation in this case.

FOR THE COMMANDER
WALTER D. WOODRUFF, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Aerospace Control

COORDINATION: W. T. O'MEARA/it DATP: 11 Aug 60

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document from the Project Blue Book UFO report.

Project BLUEBOOK EXTRA 
The date appears to be September 8, 1965. The report is about an incident that occurred on August 23, 1965 at about 8:00 p.m. in Lenoir, North Carolina. The report mentions that the observer saw a bright, glowing, oval-shaped object in the sky that was estimated to be about 20 to 25 feet in diameter. The object moved erratically and silently before disappearing.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document, possibly a letter or report.

Text from the document:

Dear Sir,
I had a night landing at our place at 9:45 Tuesday August 17, 1965. I saw a disc about 25 feet in diameter hovering about 3 feet off the ground. It has small lights around the edge and a large light in the center which pulsed on and off. I observed this for about two or three minutes and it then took off at a very high rate of speed and was out of sight in about 3 seconds.
I would appreciate any comments you may have regarding this incident.
Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph, but rather a handwritten note or document. The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, as indicated by the context provided.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image, the output is:

PROTECT
U.S. POSTAGE
PAID 
WAYNESVILLE N.C.
SEP 8 1965
AIRMAIL

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document.

Text from the document:

June 21:

The witness states information in a brief statement. The statement indicates that the observation occurred on Friday, Sept. 27, 1965 and that the object moved in a straight line at a steady speed. The statement describes the object as a bright light, bright enough to cast a glow on the ground and trees. The statement also indicates that the object made no sound. The document concludes with what appears to be a signature.

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten text that appears to be an address or information related to a Project Blue Book investigation in Landis, North Carolina, as indicated by the text "LANDIS, N.C." and "PROJECT BLUEBOOK, U.S.A.F., WASHINGTON, D.C."

Text output:

LANDIS, N.C.
232382
PROJECT BLUEBOOK,
U.S.A.F.,
WASHINGTON, D.C.

- page 9 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force, Washington, and it is a letter addressed to "Dear Mr. [redacted]". The letter discusses the reporting of unidentified flying objects, and it is signed by the Community Relations Division Office of Information.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  

Jan 25, 1955

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Attached is an AF Form 14c which is used for
reporting observations of unidentified flying objects
to the air force. In order for the air force to
conduct a thorough investigation, this form should
be completed and submitted.

Sincerely,

DANA FIELD
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

AF Form 14c

- page 10 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It does not contain any photographs, but rather a form that appears to be a questionnaire for reporting UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be treated as confidential and will be used only for statistical purposes. We request this personal information to assist us in further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

The text appears to be a form or questionnaire used by the U.S. Air Force to collect information about UFO sightings. The form asks for details about the date, time, location, and other characteristics of the sighting.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a form with questions for the witness to fill out.

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Windy e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The shape of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Other_

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know b. Suddenly speed up and/or change direction? Yes No Don't know c. Move slowly and steadily? Yes No Don't know d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document that contains text only.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound_________
b. Color_________
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and see how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this action, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the size, shape, color, and details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.

- page 13 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or survey form.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO

If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? a mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes No) 
b. Sun glasses (Yes No)
c. Windshield (Yes No)
d. Window glass (Yes No)
e. Binoculars (Yes No)
f. Telescope (Yes No)
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Extracting the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 15 -

