Report #5.

Location: Chaparrosa Ranch, Jim Hogg County, Texas, 65 Miles SE of Laredo, Texas

November 21, 1965, 6:31 PM to 6:36 PM

My son and myself, upon leaving a hunting stand which we had installed on the ranch that afternoon, were driving in a westerly direction on a ranch road, when my son and I saw a red light in the sky traveling about 12 degrees off the western horizon and headed at about 330 degrees in the general direction of Laredo. My son kept looking in the wrong direction and never did see it.

This light was intense red, flashing like pom-pom-pow-WHAM, and on the WHAM the brilliant red light shot out in all directions to about four to six times the size of the object itself, the object being ball-shaped.

The sky was mostly clear with some long clouds thinly strung out from North to South in the western sky, and the object was below the clouds. We looked at the object with our 7x35 binoculars, wide angle type. There was no sound whatsoever at any time.

At 6:47 PM an aircraft came flying from the direction of Laredo and it was a two motor craft, piston engine. I guessed that it was a Trans-Texas aircraft, but now I checked with Trans-Texas and they told me that their flight was McAllen are 1230 (Noon) and 94.5 night only.

My comments are that this object was like other objects we have seen, only this one seemed to be all of one color, intensely bright red, and of course ball-shaped. Since we can't from a long distance we could not see under it, and this flashing light which we have seen before seems to be on top of the objects. The characteristic explosions of red light were of the same intensity and timing or sequence as other objects observed before.

Report #5.


- page 1 -

IDEW/UFO                                                                 JAN 14 1966

UFO Sightings, Emilio Dodier

Hq USAF SAFDICC (Attn: Hunt)

1. The Air Force has received five reports of unidentified objects from Mr. Emilio Dodier. The analysis section at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base has evaluated these reports as (1) aircraft, (2) meteor, (3,4,5) aircraft. No data was presented to indicate that the four sightings evaluated as aircraft could not be attributed to normal aircraft flights. The duration, motion of the objects, and in particular the light described in Report #5 is consistent with this evaluation. At present, many military and civilian aircraft are equipped with a red rotating beacon which would give the visual characteristics as described in paragraph #2 of Report #5.

2. It is suggested that a fact sheet be attached to explain the present Air Force position on unidentified flying objects.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

6 Atchs
1. Ltr.
2. Report #1/
3. Report #2/
4. Report #3
5. Report #4
6. Report #5

COORDINATION

ORIGINATOR                                                                 DATE
IDEW/UFO   Maj. H. Quintanilla, Jr.                                        12 Jan 66

REVIEWED                                                                   DATE
                                                                           13 Jan 66


- page 2 -

LAREDO, TEXAS

December 22, 1965

AFSC(FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.

Gentlemen:

I am enclosing five reports of sightings of UFO's, the first of which I reported by telephone to a Lt. Sutton of the Laredo Air Force Base, Texas, and since he informed me that I would be contacted by Washington, I have continued to make some more observations. Today I called the Laredo Base and was told that Lt. Sutton had been transferred out some time ago, and a Captain Ellis suggested that I write to you direct with my reports.

I am very much interested in knowing what it is that I am seeing, if at all possible, and I would very much appreciate a reply from your good offices after evaluation of my reports.

Thank you for your attention,

Yours very truly,

Encls.


- page 3 -

