The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a compilation of UFO sightings and investigations conducted by the United States Air Force from 1952 to 1969.

Transcribed text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 	2. LOCATION
August 1965		Waynesville, Ohio 
3. SUBJECT 		10. CONCLUSION
Civilian		Astro (DISPRAGTION OP STAR/PLANET SETTING)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 	Data-time and positional data missing. Sighting is
One 		characterized as an observation of a dispragtion or a setting
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION	of a star.
Not reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
Stationary
8. PHOTOS
X No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[] Yes
[X] No
FTD FEB 43 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

ITEM
UFO SIGHTINGS, WAYNESVILLE, OHIO

HQ USAF SAFODCJ (Mrs Hunt) 
Wash D C  20330

REPORT OF THE RECEIPT OF A LETTER FROM A CIVILIAN, reporting sightings of unusual objects.  Her observation on 3 Sept 65 at 1845 29M 1965 reported which are project file received on previous observations.  Her previous observation reports indicated not sufficient for further investigative purposes. Attached is the letter from the civilian along with a fact sheet and explanation that Mr Keyhoe's books are regarded as science fiction by the Air Force.

FOR THE COMMANDER
ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, COLONEL, USAF
DEPUTY FOR TECHNOLOGY AND SUBSYSTEMS

ORIGINATOR: Col. William H. Quintanilla, Jr. DATED: 7 SEP 65

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed report or letter regarding a Project Blue Book case investigation.

September 7, 1965

Project Blue Book 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

About two years ago I bought a book by Donald Keyhoe, which dealt with reported UFO sightings. I have never seen a saucer in fact, but, in 1959, on a clear night, I had an experience which I thought should be called to your attention. 

I was sitting outside when I happened to notice a very brilliant object in the sky. It was about the size of a silver dollar, but appeared to have light rays or a light beam coming from it. Naturally, at first, I thought it might be a shooting star, but then I noticed that it was not falling, but rather, was stationary. Suddenly, it accelerated and moved across the sky at a rapid rate, then stopped and hovered again. This happened several times, and each time it stopped, the light rays or beam seemed to diminish, and when it accelerated, the light seemed to brighten.

This was not the first of such objects I have seen following objects as I said, I have been a skepic. Now, however, I have seen this object which I cannot describe scientifically, as I am not an expert, but I can say that it was more into than ever a learning that I can about them. However, I am quite certain that there is no much publicity. I cannot be made public.

It was sitting outside that I was sitting outside when it happened. It was a very clear night, and I could see that it was not a star, nor any known aircraft. It seemed to be guided intelligently. As it accelerated, the light seemed to brighten and when it stopped, the light diminished. I was not the only one who saw this. A neighbor who was outside at the time also saw it. We both watched it for some time.

This was not the first time I've seen objects in the sky which I could not identify as any conventional aircraft. I have seen strange lights in the past, but this one was different. It seemed to be guided intelligently and the light characteristics were not those of any known aircraft. I felt I should report this to your agency, even though I am a skeptic about these things, as I realize this case may be of interest to you. 

I hope you will understand my reluctance to have my name used publicly. It appeared to be just a point of light or a blue light. Sometimes it seemed to be surrounded by a sort of blue halo or glow. At no time did I see any conventional shape, such as a saucer or cigar. It was simply a bright light, intelligently maneuvering.

Thank you for your attention to this matter. I trust you will treat this case with the consideration and discretion it deserves.

Sincerely,

- page 3 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from a Project Blue Book file.

As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

On this same night, we saw an object near the horizon. It was moving and turning at incredible speed. It was a brilliant light, hovering and emitting different colored lights. But instead of it disappearing and reappearing, the light seemed to fall and rise again slowly. It lasted just a second.

It's very much to know more on these objects as I wondered if they could give me some clues. If you yourself could not give me some.

I would like to know, how many people have seen these types of objects and how many are checking this part of the world for these objects. The way is certainly not approaching when we are.

These people had known something about these objects. I wish some of the Air Force people would tell us something. more about what they have learned.

Thank you.
Respectfully,
[REDACTED]
Waynesville, Ohio

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page of a document or report related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text visible on the image reads:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
WRIGHT - PATTERSON
AIR FORCE BASE
FAIRBORN, OHIO

- page 5 -

