PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
23 August, 65 24/0250Z

2. LOCATION
Pine City, Minnesota

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Four

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Hours, 20 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (CAPELLA, GAMA AURIGA, JUPITER, ALDEBARAN)
These four stars/planets in the position reported of the objects. Sighting characteristic of Astro body observation.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Bright night. Object observed for more than 2 hours. Appeared 3-4 times brighter than the brightest star. No object visible. Light only. Erratic motion. Changed color from vivid red to green to white repeatedly. Motion was sporadic in vertical and horizontal directions. No set pattern, mostly stationary. Object climbing from 0 deg elevation to 30 deg elevation, moving from North to NE. Four objects. At 0300 CAPELLA was at 20 deg elevation 40 deg azimuth. At 0100 the four objects reported are CAPELLA, GAMA AURIGA, JUPITER and ALDEBARAN.

FORM
F1D SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ___________
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 d. East                 g. South                 j. West
b. Northeast             e. Southeast            h. Southwest             k. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyes (glasses)        Yes    No        f. Binoculars        Yes    No
b. Sun glasses           Yes    No        g. Telescope         Yes    No
c. Windshield            Yes    No        h. Theodolite        Yes    No
d. Window glass          Yes    No        i. Other ___________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

Very bright lights which changed color; vivid red to vivid green to white. Lights moved erratically at seemingly high velocity but hovered for long intervals of time and remained in positions described for more than 2 hours in view.


- page 2 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Lights hovered for long periods of time and would move either horizontally or vertically and hover again. Movement was erratic and in no particular pattern.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? FOUR (4)
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Hovering - then erratic movement both horizontal and vertical.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mr. & Mrs. [redacted]
Brigham City, Utah
[redacted]
Wilmington, California

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Wilmington, California
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 37   SEX Male

indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
None

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
1 September 1965 (approx.)

Captain Reichmuth, Air Force Systems Command, Space Systems Division,
Air Force Unit Post Office, Los Angeles, California 90045


- page 4 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     22     September     1965
                                                       Day     Month        Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

We were staying at a cabin located seven miles north of Pine City, Minnesota, on the north end of Cross Lake when we observed these objects (lights). My parents, my wife, and I watched them for approximately one hour, at which time we all went back into the cabin for coffee and a snack.

My wife and I went outdoors again one-half hour later and observed the objects (lights) again for almost one hour (until approximately 1:10 a.m.) at which time we retired; however, the objects (lights) were still visible when we returned to our cabin.

[Note: There is a black redaction/censorship bar at the bottom of the page]


- page 5 -

Mrs. Hunt/man/SAFOICC/T28H2/13 Oct 65

Dear Mr. [redacted]

OCT 13 1965

Reference is made to your report of an aerial object which you observed on the night of 23 August 1965.

The objects which you observed have been evaluated as the stars Capella, Gamma Auriga, Aldebaran, and the planet Jupiter. The apparent condition of these stars is characteristic of the phenomenon known as scintillation. Scintillation is the apparent shimmering or oscillation of distant objects as viewed through an atmosphere of varying density. With is most likely to occur in a warm atmosphere.

At 11:00 p.m. on 23 August 1965, the star Capella was at 20 degrees elevation and NO degrees azimuth, Gamma Auriga was at 10 degrees elevation and 50 degrees azimuth. Aldebaran was on the horizon at 63 degrees azimuth.

At 1:00 a.m. on 24 August, Capella was at 35 degrees elevation and 55 degrees azimuth. Gamma Auriga was at 30 degrees elevation and 70 degrees azimuth. Jupiter was at 15 degrees elevation and 70 degrees azimuth. Aldebaran was at 20 degrees elevation and 85 degrees azimuth.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,
JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

[Address redacted]
Wilmington, California


- page 6 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEM
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

Reference the attached letter from Mr [redacted] requesting an evaluation of his sighting on the night of 23 Aug 65. The following is a suggested reply to this request. The information supplied to the Air Force on FTD Form 164 has been evaluated by analysts as observation of the stars Capella, Gamma Auriga, Aldebaran, and the planet Jupiter. These four astronomical bodies were in the position indicated by Mr Hankins.

At 2300 on the night of 23 Aug 65 the star Capella was at 20 degrees elevation and 40 degrees azimuth. Gamma Aurica was at 10 degrees elevation and 50 degrees azimuth. The star Aldebaran was on the horizon at 63 degrees azimuth. At 1 a.m. on 24 Aug Capella was at 25 degrees elevation and 55 degrees azimuth. Gamma Aurica was at 30 degrees elevation and 70 degrees azimuth. Jupiter was at 15 degrees elevation and 70 degrees azimuth. Aldebaran at 20 degrees elevation and 55 degrees azimuth. The observed through an atmosphere of varying density. This is most likely to occur in a warm atmosphere. Scintillation is the apparent shimmering or oscillation of distant objects as viewed through an atmosphere of varying density.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164


- page 7 -

FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
14 September 1965

Wilmington, California

Dear

It has come to our attention that you have observed an unidentified object on the night of 23 August 1965, while on vacation in Minnesota. Should you desire an evaluation of this report it is requested that you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for your interest in this subject.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr.
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Offie 675-6611/2174

23 Aug in Minnesota

2250 - 2600

N Side of Cass Lake
Pine City

Swim N of 1 house's
1/2 mile
Bright Lake Star
Green set wall. yo am


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

SSO
Newburg
Vectron w/Dir.

Adam Resnick
Spec Systems
Newburg

Harthorn
695 E 238 Place
Wellington
Place


- page 10 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.

Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
23      August     1965
Day     Month      Year

2. Time of day:
10      50
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Pine City                   Minnesota
City or Town                State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
2      20
Hours  Minutes  Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FTD JUL 62 104


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. Is it appeared as a light was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. So bright
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
appeared 3-4 times brighter than brightest star

12. The shape of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other
Could not see an object
- saw only the lights

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?
i. Change color?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound     None
b. Color     Changed repeatedly from vivid red to vivid green to white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and not too much of the object is covered by the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Do not know.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Saw lights - not objects
Moved vertically and horizontally in sporadic fashion in no set pattern. Lights hovered most of the time.


- page 13 -

