PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 15-16 September 65 / 6/0100Z
2. LOCATION: Rolla, Missouri (1)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Not reported
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: NW
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (STAR/PLANET) Will revaluate when info is received.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers sighted an object which appeared to be a star moving to the northeast. Then a red narrow object approached this white object. The red object had an aura of red about it and it was traveling toward the northwest. The red object disappeared and reappeared several times. About two weeks later the observer sighted what appeared to be the same white light moving to the northeast.

Form 164 sent for clarification on motion. Sounds like star/planet in SW if motion was overhead to NE then this would rule out an Astro explanation.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SEE SIGHTING 4 OCT 65

TDEN/UFO
UFO Sighting, Rolla, Missouri

Hq USAF SAFROIC (Ike Hunt)

Reference the attached letter from Mrs [redacted] requesting information on her unidentified observations. The following is a suggested reply:

Dear Mrs [redacted]:

We have checked the satellite schedules on the Echo and Pegasus satellites for the night of 4 October 1965 and find that only Pegasus I was in the area. However, this satellite was moving Southeast and not Northeast. There are now thirty satellites of this third magnitude or brighter orbiting the Earth at this time. It is quite likely that one or these satellites or space debris was observed.

As to the sighting of September 15 or 16, it is probable that the object moving Northeast near Rolla was a satellite. However, the red object moving to the Northwest cannot be associated with that satellite. It is possible that this red object was a high-flying aircraft. Without specific data this time, no check can be made of these objects.

All known satellites have orbital flights with an easterly component within "continuous" or Southwest and have visual characteristics similar to "moving star". We are attaching a list of some of the visible satellites which can be brochure which explains the Air Force project on unidentified flying objects.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC J de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
List of Visible Satellites

ORIGINATOR
TDEN/UFO     Maj H Quintanilla, Jr

TDEN                                 DATED     17 Dec 65


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

14-16 5.2.5                                                 Rolla, Mo.

October 7, 1965

United States Department of the Air Force
Pentagon
Washington D. C.

Dear Sir:

Recently, two unidentified flying objects have come to my attention particularly because this area of the country is near where a hash of UFO's were recently reported in newspapers across the country.

The first sighting was on the night of September 16(or possibly the 15), but one of those two days) at 7:00 or 8:00 in the evening(again, somewhere within those limits). Standing in our side yard, looking up I saw what at first I thought was a star. Then I noticed it was moving toward the northeast. I watched it a short time, before calling my husband to observe with me. As we watched, it continued about 35° toward the horizon where I observed a red narrow object near it in course whose apex coincided with the white object. The red object had an aura of red about it, which followed it as it coursed toward the northwest horizon where it finally was submerged in the haze of the sky. Several times the red object reappeared in the haze before it finally disappeared altogether. The white object also disappeared at the northeast horizon.

The second incident was last Monday, October 4, 1965, that evening at 7:30, my husband and I again saw the white object coursing northeast. In both occurrences, the objects traveled in a straight line(part of a great circle around the earth).

To sum up some obvious conclusions and state some conjectures:

[Note: The document appears to cut off mid-sentence at the bottom of the page]


- page 3 -

1. The objects were too high to be planes, their lights also were steady without blinking.

2. The red object was travelling away from the white object and thus looked as if it came from it.

3. Could this red object be a reentering capsule of information from one of our satellites? That there were two sightings of the same course seems to clearly justify that it is a satellite. This is my husband's conjecture.

We would be very interested to know if there is an official record of the satellite and the "reentering capsule". Or is there another more plausible explanation? Thank you.

Sincerely,
Mrs.

P-I (written in margin)


- page 4 -

