PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
Oct 65 XX 11602

2. LOCATION
Clarksburg, W. Virginia

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One - Two times

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
D Yes
2 No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
D Yes
2 No

10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENTIFIED UNKNOWN Astro(JUPITER)
JUPITER
MEREZ(ST, Mag -2.0) In the southwest at this time.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The object was blue-white in color. It was a standard-till
It was a round shiny object like the suns reflection.
Object was seen in the early morning on two different days
in the same spot in the sky.

1 Witness

FORM
FTD SEA 628-0229 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

March 31, 1966
Clarksburg, St. W.

Dear Sir,

I live at 519 Rose St., Clarksburg, W.Va. I am a homemaker, I have 3 children ages 3 and 4, I am 33 years old. My husband was a factory worker, white, 33. I would have written sooner, but we did not have your address. I came out our house proper to a few days ago.

I have seen many articles as out (the) sky was bright shapes like this can be put together. Last October 1965, the color was a light blaze with a touch of green, and last as bright about the size. It was about 8 P.M. We were on the sky about two high as a barn-farm flyer. It was at no stand still, but it appeared to be spinning like a top. Then the light went out and when the light came back out it was about 2 or 3 feet off the ground. Then the light went out and it came back on it was up in the sky again. It did that all the way across the field in point of


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

my lines... an far we decided
until it went out of sight.

A single of white hater object
7 p.m. was seen in the sky in the
same direction as the other object
an large round shaped shiny (O)
object that shined like the sun
turning on a mass of chrome. It
was as large as the moon looks to
be. It was not moving yet seemed
to appear from out of nowhere. Then
it turned as dull gray yellow about
the same color as the sky. I was
watching it when it turned a
dull. I would not have been able to
see it. I was about a minute an air-
plane came by, flying between me
& the object. I was the plane was
about 2 miles away the object from
and bright again of a dull glow
cosmic, and then it vanished out
of sight. We don't see it again... it
went just where it went. I just
disappeared.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

3.

I hope what I have told you will help you in some way, and I know you will be able to find out what they are.

I would like any information that you can send me about (W.F.O's) I am deeply interested.

If necessary I will pay the postage.

If I can be of any further help to you please feel free to contact me.

I swear and God was my witness that what I have told you is true.

Yours Truly
[Name redacted]
Clarksburg, W. Va.


- page 4 -

