The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically record 10073, with information about a sighting of an unidentified object observed in Miamisburg, Ohio on August 15, 1965. The report provides details about the location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, conclusion, and indicates that there is no physical evidence associated with the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 15 AUGUST 65 1300/1402
2. LOCATION Miamisburg, Ohio
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 1 hour - 2 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visually
7. COURSE Not Reported
8. PHOTOS None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE None
10. CONCLUSION AERO (STAR/PLANET)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Very Bright or brighter than a star. Erratic motion. 
Observed for over one hour. Additional data omitted. Object similar to reports of Aero bodies.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information be that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?  
AUGUST 7, 1965

2. Time of day: 
20:25
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central 
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
ON ROUTE 725 NEAR DAYTON OHIO

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
10 MINUTES

5.1 How was the sight determined?
FAIRLY CERTAIN

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
YES

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: 
a. Clear
b. Bright
c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To your right
c. Behind you
d. Overhead
e. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and response options related to observations of the stars, moon, clouds, weather, and the characteristics of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. New
b. Steady
c. Flicker
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Full moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight 
d. Don't remember

2. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

12. The edge of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash on and off? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only a form with various questions and blank spaces to be filled out.

TRANSCRIPT OF TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES, second

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
CLOUD

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: 
CLOUD

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: LOST
b. Color: BLUE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the known object is covered by the match stick. Compare the size of the object in this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
UNDECIDED

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially indicate trails or vapor trails. Please do not erase. Use the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(A blank oval shape is drawn in the designated space for this question.)

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24.1 Where direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour

24.3 Did you have the impression that the object was looking at or following as you were moving? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. The image shows a filled-out form from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Output of the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: [REDACTED]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] SEX: F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? CAPT BELLINO FTD O.D.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a diagram and instructions for an observer. The diagram shows a compass rose and a sketch demonstrating how to observe the direction of an object relative to the horizon.

The text in the document reads:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve: line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it appears to be a blank page in an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    13    Aug    1965
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire for a more comprehensive explanation of your sighting:

- page 8 -

