Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE/TIME GROUP
30 June 65 01/0445Z

2. LOCATION
Bryte, California

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 - 15 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual (EX)

7. COURSE
S/W

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT
Direction rules out Satellite. Flight consistent with observation of high-flying a/c. Description duration and other details in accord with this evaluation.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
No sound. Object like a large orange red star observed through BX. Moving from NE to SW. Very high altitude. Flight included curve to the Southwest. Disappeared over the horizon in 10-15 minutes.

[Handwritten note at bottom of summary section]

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Horizon

29. If there was more than one object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture to show how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

We saw two at 8:20. So we decided to sleep. During the night we saw 1 more. One on the same horizon or the other on opp-

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give the date or dates and location. No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? Yes
31.1 Please list their names and addresses: San Antonio, Texas

32. Please the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS San Antonio, Texas 78230
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.


- page 2 -

Interplanetary Intelligence of Unidentified Flying Objects
HAYDEN C. HEWES, Associate Director
3005 West Eubanks
OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
FTD Box 9494
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

[Postmark: 9 JUN 1965]
[Postage stamp with "ABCD" "BETTER BUSINESS" text and a profile image]


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

33 Upon and to whom did you report that you had seen the object:

June 2, 65
Month   Day   Year   To [blacked out]
                     San Antonio

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:

June 4, 1965
Month   Day   Year

We of the NICUFO wish to take this time to very cordially thank you for your cooperation in filling out this form. Once again we remind you that the information you have put on this form is confidential.

In the space below, please add any information, details, or sketches that you feel should be added. Please try to present them in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size may be attached if they are needed.

We were walking down the street (a very hilly street) We stopped to look at a bird that had been run over. Just as I bent down, I noticed something in the Southern sky. It had a faint disc shape & when I looked at it from the binocular it had a very definate disc shape but very dim. As soon as I let bins down, the disc became very big so bright, that I couldn't see the shape any more. Then it changed to dim red, then to dim green & then to dim gold. Then it became very bright again & then very dim. Then it went below the horizon. Another followed, repeating the same motions. That's all I saw. Dim. Dim.


- page 4 -

NCIO                                                                Summer 1965

Fern Caso: File on 16th and one in 1965

"Major Blackwood" > (UFO Investigating)
Watkins - Patterson O.S. Service Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

My name is [redacted]
4th grade U.S. Ocean downs-
hip High School in New
Jersey. I have a UFO's,
the U.S. Oshurst New Jersey
and the other one was
in Long Branch New Jer-
sey. I just saw the only obser-
vation. The first was near
a house at the side of my
house -> the date was
the summer of 1964 come-
side. During July the
duration was 30 seconds
and the weather was
very clear and warm,
the light was cigar-shaped
and nothing I didn't, nature
about 9 ft. (M.) - the color

[partial text at bottom of page is cut off/illegible]


- page 5 -

a.h.o. keeping sound the
object just never the though
action from next
and disappeared
through the horizon's
it was made, the al-
drifts was
about 700 ft. up, have
during
and was at about 40 mph.
the was about 10 ft. in
other one was
came playing rather
look up and to begin
pilbery object shaped
a disk down at
made and sound at
at all and it was traveling
very slowly about 3 mph.
straight up on the sky, the
day was clear, work no


- page 6 -

This place during
the summer of 1965 in
Yolo Branch N.J. the
color of the made no
noise and it was the
place and it was the
angle of the place
and so far as I was
river (or visible now
very firm. It began
had 5 to 6 height
be noticeable like the
this floating. The duration
was about 45 or minutes
a distance well and
U.F.O.s or flying until
began to slow faint color
set any possible else can
they go satellites or
any known aircraft?

Sincerely yours,

mail to: Ocean Sounding Night
phool, Oahu, Waikiki, New Jen


- page 7 -

I think these cases of UFO should be no longer ignored by the USAF, especially those commercials on television about flying saucers!

[There is also a hand-drawn curved/looping line or signature at the bottom of the page]


- page 8 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. There are two numbered sections (1 and 2) and an oval/elliptical shape in the second section, but the text within these sections cannot be clearly read. The document appears to be a black and white scanned page with significant image degradation.


- page 9 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review
Nov-Dec 65

Jun 65
Ireland

NORTHERN IRELAND
"Zeppelin" over Belfast

The Belfast Telegraph of June 28 told how civil servant William Busby of Upper Malone heard a strange drone: he was outside his house, and it was 6.45 p.m. He saw an object that looked like one of the old-time Zeppelins travelling from the direction of Lisburn, and disappearing over Cave Hill. It roughly from South to North. It was daylight, and apart from a momentary disappearance behind a cloud, the object was in view for some seconds.
(Credit: T. Thompson.)


- page 10 -

Inso only
Summer '66

Lansing, Michigan
March 30, 1966

Sirs:

I read in Wednesday's State Journal your request for more clues concerning UFOs.

Last summer, a few of my friends and myself were outdoors at about 8:00 P.M., when it was quite dark. Two of us saw a brilliant, fairly large, white fireball which had a distinct outline. Almost immediately after it caught our eye, it narrowed into a point and disappeared.

We think now that it was probably a meteor, but at the moment we were sure it was some kind of vehicle from another planet. Later in the evening, a friend broke up our sighting by saying she had seen part of it also. Another friend said...

(Note: The last sentence appears to be cut off at the bottom of the page)


- page 11 -

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

NOTE: This document contains information status within the meaning of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18, U.S.C. Sec. 793 and 794. The transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited.

1. COUNTRY: U.S.A.
2. SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
3. ISC NUMBER:
4. DATE OF INFORMATION: 30 JUNE 1965
5. PLACE AND DATE OF ACQ: Bryte, Calif.
6. EVALUATION: SOURCE X
7. SOURCE: Mr.
8. REPORT NUMBER:
9. DATE OF REPORT: 30 JUNE 1965
10. NO. OF PAGES: 2
11. REFERENCES: AFR 200-2
12. ORIGINATOR: SECURITY & LAW ENFORCEMENT DIV McCLELLAN AFB, CALIFORNIA
13. PREPARED BY: Patrolman Lionel K. Harris
14. APPROVING AUTHORITY: JOHN R. ARMSTRONG, Major, USAF, Chief, Security & Law Enforcement Div

15. SUMMARY:
Mr. contacted Police Headquarters and stated, that he, had observed an object that appeared to be about the size of a large star, traveling from a northeasterly to a southwesterly direction. The object was of a bright orange red color then faded out and came on bright at intervals then faded out completely. Mr. stated that the object was visible from 10 to 15 minutes with use of binoculars at approximately 2135, 30 June 1965.

16. DISTRIBUTION BY ORIGINATOR: 1-Hq, USAF (ARDN) INFO TO: AFSC (FTD)

17. DOWNGRADING DATA:

18. ATTACHMENT DATA:

DD, FORM 1396


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

...that, while we were staring
at the sidewalk while walking
another friend home, he saw
a similar object.

My point is this: I feel
strongly that mature adults,
face to face with a shocking
experience such as this can and
will not act like kids who are
barely in their teens and yet
do not get excited at a lot
of things. A UFO can cause an
adult to back up and another sight-
ing when he didn't see it at all
himself. We all know this is
because he believes the other a
refuse to admit his friend is
crazy. Also, another way to back
him up is to "see another one
like it."

I expect you know all this,
but a great deal of "UFO's"
would be caused by nature, can
be "confirmed" and thrown out of
proportion.

I sincerely hope my experience...


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

and sights have been a little
if any, help to you.

Yours very truly,
[two words blacked out]

There is a number (3) in the top right corner of the page.


- page 14 -

No Case Info Only

Dear Sir,

One night in June of 1966 about 11:25 p.m. my brother and I saw a silverish object in the sky coming over the hill across from the Colonial Club Restaurant on Sawley Road Oxford, Conn. It was about 200 feet in the air. At that height it looked about 7 ft. in diameter.

I sent you some pictures of what I saw. In the first picture shows the U.F.O. when it was first seen. The second picture shows the U.F.O. when a very bright white light came down from the bottom of it. The third picture shows it hovering. The fourth picture shows the light going over the restaurant before it disappeared.

Yours truly,

[Signature and identifying details are blacked out]


- page 15 -

The only text I can see in this image is:

"Light"

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a three-dimensional rectangular or cylindrical object with shading and lines indicating some kind of perspective or movement.


- page 16 -

Hovering


- page 17 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white document with what seems to be a hand-drawn or sketched diagram or trajectory lines on lined paper. The page has hole punches on the right side and appears to be part of an official document or report.


- page 18 -

Text found on the page:

3

↑
+
L

The page contains a hand-drawn diagram with an elongated cone or funnel shape on the left side, with multiple irregular lines and scratches filling the interior of the cone/funnel shape on the right side.


- page 19 -

Text found in the document:

4
Light
Restaurant
Craft

The image appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram showing a building (with brick-like texture) and what seems to be an elongated object or craft at an angle, with some shading and lines indicating perspective or movement.


- page 20 -

SIMULATION


- page 21 -

The image appears to be a very dark, low-contrast document page that is almost entirely black. No legible text can be discerned from this image. The page seems to be a scanned document with significant shadowing or overexposure that has rendered the text unreadable.


- page 22 -

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

CONTINUATION SHEET

REPORT NO.    2   OF   2   PAGES
ORIGINATOR   SECURITY & LAW ENFORCEMENT DI
             McCLELLAN AFB, CALIFORNIA

A. DESCRIPTION:
1. Shape - Like a star.
2. Size - A large star.
3. Color - Orange-red.
4. Number - One.
5. N/A
6. Features - Similar to a star.
7. Tail/Exhaust - None.
8. Sound - No sound was heard.

B. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT:
1. While sitting on patio observed what looked like a large bright star moving from the northeast to the southwest, very high.
2. Angle of elevation - Up and curved to the southwest.
3. Angle of elevation upon disappearance - Curved down over horizon.
4. Description of flight path - Curved until disappearance.
5. Manner of disappearance - Over horizon.
6. Length of time in sight - 10 to 15 minutes.

C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
1. Ground, visual and binoculars.

D. TIME & DATE OF SIGHTING:
1. 0445 hrs. ZULU, 1 July 1965.
2. Night.

E. LOCATION OF OBSERVER:
   Bryte, California.

F. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION OF OBSERVER:
   Civilian - Mr. [redacted], Age 55 yrs, [redacted], Bryte, Calif.
   Occupation, Division of Forestry.

G. WEATHER AND WINDS:
   Wind - 7 Knots, S. E.
   Temperature - 58 degrees
   Dew Point - 49
   No Clouds.
   No air traffic.
   No balloon release.
   No existence of physical evidence (Materials or Photographs)

DD FORM 1396c                                                    REPLACES AF FORM 112a, JUL 61 WHICH MAY BE
                                                                  USED UNTIL 1 JAN 62.


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

NCIO                                                                Summer 1965

Flight Data: No. in 116
           on mi 1165

"Major Richard Hall) > (UFO) Nat'l Investigations
Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

My name is Daniel R. Sallinger and I'm a 4th grade student at Ocean View High School in New Jersey. I'm from Oakland, New Jersey and the other one real long Branch, New Jersey. I'd just like to ask the UFO's were not under the V.F.O's were present. I'll just say one side of my house - the date was the summer of 1964 (came during July) the weather was 300 degrees and the weather was very clear and warm, one light was cigar-shaped and something at night, when about 9 at M.S. the car

[Note: The text appears to be a handwritten letter, and some words are difficult to read with complete certainty.]


- page 24 -

The only text on this page is the word "SIMULATION" at the bottom of the image.

The image appears to be a black and white photograph or illustration depicting a landscape with mountains or hills in the background, a few utility poles or fence posts in the foreground, and a disc-shaped object hovering in the sky above the landscape.


- page 25 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

a high - leaping sound of the
old car just next got caught
alone from next yet
short and disappeared
showed a distance sugar, the
a quick moved the sky the
place to made the al-
titude of the disc was
about 700 ft. huge
playing cross during
different clear, altitude and
was going about 90 mph
the 250 ft. length and
10,000 ft. in height was
as the camp playing rather
a quiet look up an to get
that pilotry quite simple
like a dish. was close to
made and sound at
of all and was traveling
very slowly about 3 mph
straight up on the sky. the
day was clear nice no


- page 26 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

This took place during
the summer of 1965
in the general area of
the college made more
note the time it was
object and it was
object to hover line
very (?) from the object
was going to light
and 5 to 6 in height
possible like it was
plus glowing inside the
that about 450 miles
U.F.O.s at first
about some pointed
other that passed over
any through aircraft?

Sincerely yours,
Daniel Bateman
[mail to:] Ocean Surveyor Sight
Phool, Oakland, Calif 94605


- page 27 -

I think these cases of UFO's should be no longer ignored by the USAF, especially those commercials on television about flying saucers!

There is also a hand-drawn curved looping line/shape beneath the text.


- page 28 -

I apologize, but the text in this image is largely illegible. The document appears to be a black and white page with two numbered sections containing blurry, smudged text or graphics. The numbers "1" and "2" are visible on the left side of the sections, but the content within the sections cannot be clearly read. The image looks like it might be a technical diagram or report page, but the details are too obscured to discern specific text.


- page 29 -

Ohio Youths
Will Tour
Europe

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to the image quality, but it appears to be a newspaper clipping about Ohio youth touring Europe, with some names and details partially visible but not fully readable.]


- page 30 -

MYSTERY OBJECT CAPTURED ON FILM

HOUSTON, Tex. June 12 - Space agency officials have released these McDivitt over Hawaii during Gemini 4 space flight. They were described showing a cylindrical object, believed to be a satellite. On these three frames of a movie film, a faint tail of light and a faint body are barely visible with each dot. -AP


- page 31 -

Information Only
Source: Ltr from Fawcett
Source Source News Sept 4

3-7 June 1965
China, Hawaii, Asia

GEMINI TWINS SEE BUT FAIL TO PHOTOGRAPH UFOs. The Gemini 4 astronauts, James McDivitt and Edward H. White II, were possibly "space junk" or satellites - during their recent flight, but failed to get pictures of either of these. McDivitt reported he believed that he had obtained at least three pictures of one of the mystery objects, but a minute examination of all photographs from the Gemini 4 - failed to turn up any trace of the UFO.

During the June 3-7 space flight by astronauts James A. McDivitt and Edward H. White II they both reported sighting UFOs on three occasions, one over China, one over Hawaii and one over Asia. The one over China looked like a "bright star moving fast". They photographed the one over Hawaii, which was "round, white with a tail of light and a fanlike glow". The sightings and films are being studied by NASA.


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

"UFOs" Watch
GT-4?

On June 3, 1965, GT-4 Pilot Major James McDivitt and U.S. Major Space walker Edward White were launched into orbit from Cape Kennedy.

Edward White in the opening orbits got out of the GT-4 and walked through space for 20 minutes, twice as long as Alexei Leonov did for the USSR.

In a letter from Major McDivitt to Hayden Hewes, dated April 22, 1965, Major McDivitt relates that he has seen a great number of peculiar lights and objects in the skies at night and even in the day. However, in almost every instance he was able to identify these objects, as for sighting an object that he for certain identify the shape and size of and not be able to explain, "I'm afraid I just haven't seen this sort of thing." But he added "However, I know that there have been many reports of UFOs, and I just cannot speak for the other people."

Major McDivitt sighted three objects while in space during the four day space flight.

In flight, said the first object was a cylindrical object sighted over Hawaii. He took five frames of movie film of it, but officials said all it shows is a unidentifiable white dot with a tall of light and a fanlike glow. (Covered photo)

The GT-4 went into its 21st orbit at 6:55 p.m. McDivitt spotted the second object during the 20th orbit, as the Spaceship was whirling across the United States.

Gemini control asked McDivitt: "You still looking at that thing up there?"

McDivitt replied: "I've lost it. It had big arms sticking out of it, it looks like."

"He said he had only seen it for about a minute, and had taken pictures with a movie camera although the position of the sun prevented any recognizable photographs.

There was some speculation it was the Pegasus 2 meteoroid detection satellite launched May 25, 1965. Space agency officials ordered an immediate check by space tracking agencies to see what the objects were.

The Air Force, Tracking center at Colorado Springs, Colo., which keeps track of man-made objects in space currently following 1,581 objects. Object No. 1,390 is GT-4 and object No. 1,391 is burned out second stage rocket booster.

The Pegasus 2 was about 1,200 miles from the GT-4. Dr. Dwayne Catterson, flight medical expert, said he did not know if an object within 1,200 miles could be identified by the human eye.

"But certainly if the contrast was great enough between sunlight on the object and background he could see reflection giving shape from the arm."

The third sighting came on the 38 orbit, officials said McDivitt described the object which was sighted over China as looking like "a bright star moving fast." He did not attempt to make pictures of it. The space flight took them 62 times around the globe, a total of 1,609,684 miles.

13


- page 33 -

Hamilton, Ohio
March 27, 1966

Wright-Patterson Airforce Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

This is probably going to sound to you like a made up story, because no matter how many times my mother and I think of it, and remember it, it sounds like one.

It was about 11 o'clock one night last summer (or maybe this fall). I was getting ready for bed when I heard a strange noise. I'd never heard a noise like it so needless to say I did not venture to look out. It was so close! It sounded like some kind of machine, but it made some sort of a WHISHING sound which sounded dreadfully, especially since I couldn't see the thing that made the sound.

I thought I was hearing things until my mother called, "Karen, what's that funny noise." But just as soon as she said that it sounded as if the thing flew away. At that moment it sounded as if it were clicking.

I wouldn't have said anything to anyone at all but I heard about the UFO's in Michigan and in the Ohio area.

The day the UFO's were reported in Michigan was about two days before I heard the same noise as before. I stayed about 15 minutes, this time about 3x.

Believe me, I don't want publicity. My father, Judge Walsh, would kill me if he knew about this letter. (Not really—He'd just yell a lot! You see I work in his office and he doesn't like this kind of publicity.)

I just wrote this letter to see if it would be any help to you, and to possibly find out if the UFO's which were seen in your area had any specific noise. Believe me, it would calm my mother and I considerably if we knew we both weren't having hallucinations.

Thank you.

Sincerely,

[Signature area blacked out]


- page 34 -

I apologize, but I cannot discern any legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white scanned document with a framed area that looks like a blank or heavily degraded page. There are some small circular marks or holes visible, but no readable text is present.


- page 35 -

GEMINI NEWS CENTER

HOUSTON, TEXAS -- Analysis by Norad Spadat computational facilities reveals the following earth satellites were within 1000 km (about 600 mile) of GT-4 Spacecraft at the time Astronaut James McDivitt reported the satellite sighting:

Object          Spadat    Time (CST)    Distance in Kilometers
Identification  Number                  from GT-4

*Fragment       973       2:56          439
*Tank           932       3:01          740
*Fragment       514       3:04          427
Omicron Transit 4A 646    3:06          905
Omicron Transit 4A 477    3:07          979
*Fragment       726       3:09          625
*Fragment       874       3:09          905
Omicron Transit 4A 124    3:13          722
10x20 Foot Debris         3:16          757
(4 Pegasus -- Shroud
in p/l not a weekend of satellites 1365)
Yo-Yo De-Spin   167       3:18          684
Weight: 2" to 3"

Pegasus B at 3:06 (CST) was about 2000 km in the proper direction to be observed by the astronauts.

"4' to 6" in length down to 13" in length, 2' to 6" in width.

Release No. 17
June 4, 1965


- page 36 -

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: AFRO Bulletin, May & Jun 65

5 June 1965
Fiji Island


- page 37 -

Another Mystery Light
Over Fiji

On the 8th of June 1965, in the dark, early morning hours, the 500-island of Taveuni was lighted up by an unknown source, and ear-splitting explosions followed. One islander said "It was a strange and terrifying experience. Without warning the sky suddenly brightened and it seemed almost like daylight. We looked up and saw a bulah white light followed by sparks. It disappeared, then came west of Cawn Levy. About three seconds later there was a loud double explosion and then everything was quiet."

A report from Sydney, Australia noted
(See "Fiji", page 4)

OIL THE COAST

Five days after the Fiji phenomenon, most of Sydney, Australia, and much of New South Wales suffered a two-hour blackout in the early morning hours.

The black-out began at the height of a violent electrical storm which struck the city shortly after midnight. We cannot understand it's, said Mr. C. A. Gamble, General Manager of the Sydney City Council, who was responsible for distribution of electricity in Sydney and surrounding areas. He said—"I know of no single place or unit in the statewide system which could be responsible for the blackout."

The foregoing is only one of many similar mysterious blackouts which have come to the attention of this office. In mid-May most of the State of Arizona, including Phoenix and Yuma, suffered a four-hour cessation of electrical power during the hottest part of the day. No UFO was reported, and there was no understandable activity. It is not surprising that no one would think to look up during such a calamity, however.


- page 38 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                   10-11 June 1965
                                                                       Palm Springs, California

THIS IS TO CERTIFY that we, the undersigned, individually and collectively observed the following phenomena on the night of June 10, 1965, between the hours of 9 and 11 p.m.

As pre-advised by Wesley E. Bateman, we saw from our positions on our roof-patio, several moving points of light, and on no set pattern, from west to east, in the center of the sky.

Then after a time-lapse of ten to fifteen minutes, as pre-advised by Mr. Bateman, we saw two more objects to the north-center in the vicinity of Big Dipper, and as we watched, one object blinded on and off for a period of approximately ten minutes. Then it suddenly streaked across the sky and was gone.

At this time, it was stated by Mr. Bateman that there would be another military display on the following evening.

[Signature section is mostly redacted]

State of California
County of Riverside

Subscribed and sworn to before me, a notary, this 14th day of June, 1965.

[Notary signature and seal present, with notation "My Commission Expires May 13, 1967"]


- page 39 -

THIS IS TO CERTIFY that we, the undersigned, individually and collectively, observed the following phenomena in the area on the night of June 11, 1965, between the hours of 9 and 11 p.m.

As pre-advised by Wesley H. Bateman, we saw from one to four star-like objects going at a very high rate of speed, and on no set orbit, from west to east, in the center of the sky.

Then again, approximately ten minutes later, as pre-advised by Mr. Bateman, we saw two more objects to the north-northeast, and at Mr. Bateman's request, this object blinked on and off for a period of approximately ten minutes, dropping each time it landed on. Then suddenly it streaked across the sky and was seen no more.

Signed:

[The rest of the document contains redacted/blacked out text for names, ages, and addresses]

State of California, County of Riverside, notary document dated June 1965.


- page 40 -

We of the newly formed organization titled Mental Investigations of New Dimensions (M.I.N.D.) wish to inform those interested in U.F.O.'s is and all New Age subjects of our establishment. It is our purpose to inform all or new data that is in our possession, which clarifies the following subjects:

1) The propulsion mechanics of the U.F.O.'s.
2) Mental telepathy.
3) The true purposes of the U.F.O. visits to the earth.
4) The reason for the lack of almost physical contact between these visitors and the inhabitants of the earth.

This information has made believers of many who were previously skeptics. The mechanics of the saucer propulsion has been evaluated by engineers who are astounded by the simplicity of it. Enclosed is a small diagram that will be of reference value when printed details of the craft and its association with planetary gravitational forces are available.

M.I.N.D. does not and will not release any data that cannot be certified. Our association with the visitors from space is solid enough that they cooperate in establishing proof of our association.

The enclosed affidavits are signed by people of sound occupation and background, ranging from teacher, educational director, wife to an active Marine Corps Lt. Colonel, and two who are civilian pilots. We base our method of telepathy as being factual as well, on these affidavits. Since telepathy is an ability that sleeps within all people, we do not claim we are exceptional, and do not plan to keep this information secret. We are presently making this information available to the Parapsychology Laboratory of the University of Virginia.

We desire correspondence with you and all others that you might inform of our address. We hope that in the near future we will be able to present in some manner this information without the appearance of exploitation. While we are working this out, please drop us a line.

Boulevard
Hollywood 46, California


- page 41 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

DEMAGE WAS
JUNE 10, 1965

Notes of 15 reports
Magnitude 1963 Kans.

Water Planet

North of 15 reports
Magnitude 1963 Kans.

Some of 15 reports
Magnitude 1963 Kans.

The rest of the text appears to be part of technical diagrams and is either partially illegible or too small to confidently transcribe. The document contains several technical drawings of what appears to be a mechanical or spacecraft-like object from different angles, with various annotations and measurement indicators.


- page 42 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: TIR, Vol. 1, No. 4, Nov 65

Valensole, France
29 Jun 65

3 June 29, 1965. UFO landed in Valensole. This land was observed by Mr. Maurice Masse. As Masse approached the craft, two "aliens" were also sighted. The UFO was supported on girderslike legs. The ground was packed hard as concrete when the UFO took off. Full story in the July IIR.

#3 - Date Thursday morning 1 July, 1965


- page 43 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case, Information Only
Source: IIR Vol 1, No 3, September 65

23 June 1965
Oklahoma City, Okla.

2 June 23, 1965, Capt. H. W.
Haeger of the CAP sighted an object which faded out and reappeared over Oklahoma City. The
UFO was white and traveling in a
north south direction.


- page 44 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

FTD (TDEN)
Flight-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
5 April 1966

APR 5 1966

[Some text is illegible due to poor image quality]

The information contained in the work letter is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
DIRECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Lens

Handwritten note in top right corner: "Summer 65"


- page 45 -

Information Only
Sources: Ltr from Fawcett

24 June 1965
Vincetown, N.J. & Hampton Lake
N.J.

On June 24, Mrs. ________, of Vincetown, New Jersey reported a large platter-shaped object buzzed her car on Red Lion Road. The object glowed and had a sort of "cockpit" in the center. It also had windows, something like antennae and a red light on it. Mrs. ________, 30, of ________, Hampton Lake, New Jersey shortly thereafter discovered a circular imprint on white sand in a clearing of a wooded area. The circumference of the circle is marked by a blackened, solid rim of fused sand and is depressed about five inches.

The circle is "perfectly round" and has a deposite of odd, "crusty" material in the middle. There is an inner circle of what also looks like burned, fused sand, about four feet inside the outer circle.

This sighting, which occurred on the 18th Anniversary of the 'modern era' and original sighting by pilot Ken Arnold of 9 strange flying objects round, brilliant and flying in formation over Mount Rainier, Washington State on June 24, 1947. The South Jersey sightings are being investigated by the State Police at the Red Lion Barracks.


- page 46 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                    PHOTO                    30 June 1965
                                                                                                Hershey, Pennsylvania

HEADQUARTERS
MIDDLETOWN AIR MATERIEL AREA
OLMSTED AIR FORCE BASE, PENNSYLVANIA 17057

REPLY TO:    K
SUBJECT:     Newspaper Accounts of UFOs                                11 August 1965

TO:          AFSC FTD (TDEN/UFO)
             Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. Per telephone conversation with Major Gwindell (spelling uncertain)
   at extension 69216, your installation, tearsheets on UFO sightings are
   forwarded, for information only:

   a. Sighting of 30 June at Hershey, Pa., by [redacted] reported 5 Aug.

   b. Sighting of 12 June at numerous locations in this area, reported
      in following day's newspapers.

2. Your guidance in handling these reports is appreciated.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of] JUANITA D. SCHULTZ, Capt, USAF
             Chief, Office of Information

3 Atch
1. Hbg Evening News, 5 aug
2. Hbg Patriot, 6 aug
3. Lebanon Daily News, 13 Jul

[Bottom of document contains a mailing label for Olmsted Air Force Base]


- page 47 -

Here is the text I can read from the newspaper clipping:

[Top left partial text, mostly illegible]
...ned by the secretary of
...the Army and the Army Chief

[Partially visible text about Army reinforcements and Vietnam]

[Headline on right side of image]
Bomb Dropped 20
Engineer Razed
That Razed

BALTIMORE, MD. [rest of text cut off]
...Jacob Bauer, Washington...
...watched an atomic bomb...
Today I saw LBJ to do over

[Another headline]
LBJ Sees
75-Year Life
Expectancy
Allots $33 Million
For Mass Disease
Immunity Project
WASHINGTON, Aug 5

The image also contains a small black and white photograph, but the details are not clear enough to describe precisely.


- page 48 -

What Is It?

There's no prize for identifying it, but this could be one of the "flying saucers" whizzing around. Les Noll of Hershey, Pa. said he has seen this picture of a strange object near his home. June 30, a newspaper subject in the sky near his home. The two lines at the bottom appear to be telephone wires.


- page 49 -

Here is the text from the newspaper page:

2—The Patriot, Harrisburg, Pa., Friday, August 6, 1965

U.S. Leave Vietnam

MOSCOW (AP) — Leonid Brezhnev demanded withdrawal of U.S. troops from Viet Nam.

U.S. to Equip
Korean Units
In Troop Deal

SEOUL — South Korean Defense Minister Kim Sung Sik said the United States has agreed to change for the 16,000-man Korean division now fighting in South Viet Nam.

Kim made the announcement after a National Assembly Korean Watching Committee meeting. He said the U.S. will equip one Korean division and three army reserve divisions.

Kim had been lavishing praise on the U.S. "contribution" for Korea's security. Kim replied that Americans know probably help to make South Korean exports to have sent more troops, products and already 2,500 troops and engineers there.

The U.S. has been gradually cutting its aid to Korea as the country has become more self-sufficient. There are still 50,000 American troops stationed here.

The Communist party Soviet leader's statement was in response to a Hiroshima news paper Tyogoku Shimpo news agency carried by Tass.

Brezhnev condemned the United States for bombing the Vietnamese and said its present policy creates a grave danger to world peace.

He said the victims of the Hiroshima atomic bombing are fully resolved to struggle, in close only with all peoples against the repetition of the Hiroshima tragedy.

Now that the aggressive policy of American imperialism is leading to an ever-increasing danger of world war, the need to bar the road to the atomic catastrophe is becoming more urgent.

[Advertisement for Dixi Cola]


- page 50 -

Here is the text from the newspaper page:

GOOD MORNING
Why doesn't the Department of Internal Revenue or our money back if we're not satisfied?

INGLE COPY SEVEN CENTS. Vol. 124—No. 187

Nature Snapshot Amateur Held Secret for Over Mon

Hershey Man's 'Saucer' Photo

Lee Noll, 24-year-old Hershey resident, yesterday said he was the first to get a picture of a flying object that may have had an "out of this world" appearance.

And, he said, it has stirred his interest. In flying saucer circles, he believes they exist, the amateur photographer declared. "Whether they come from another planet, or perhaps from some other unknown source, I do not know."

Since viewing the results of his camera work, Noll has seen a bright object in the sky above his home. June 30, he has been reading everything about "flying saucers" he can find.

Noll took three pictures. The last three frames of an average speed film with a 35-millimeter camera. The object, he said, moved somewhat after the third picture.

The pictures, enlarged by newspaper photographer, show a seemingly streaking across the sky. "The larger object seems to be a sort of glowing trail," Noll said. "I had no idea there was anything to it. It apparently passed by in range of the camera."

"I was concentrating on the bright spot. I saw it had no idea what it was. It is peaked at a 65-degree angle."

Noll said: "But after reading reports of an object hovering over an airport in Texas for 45 minutes and making maneuvers that could not be made by any known aircraft, it makes me wonder why."

Noll, who lives at 304 W. Areba Ave., said he and his wife, Lona, have resided in Hershey two years.

An employee of Hershey Chocolate Corp. in Camp Hill, Noll is also a professional singer who appears weekly in area night clubs.

He said he had no formal voice training, but appeared for a time with the Newmanstown, Great Lakes Naval Training Station. He is a native of Newmanstown, Philadelphia, and Girard College, and also attended several years in Lebanon and Mrs. Raymond Minnich, live. He has a brother, Leonard, serving in the Air Force in Oklahoma.

Because he became interested in photography about eight months ago, he says he has purchased several small cameras and has concentrated on close-up, nature photos.

Inside
The Patriot
New Viet command set up, GI units ......... Page 2
News Cheks, diary talks ......... Page 3
Senate panel votes like ......... Page 7
Crossword Puzzle ......... Page 15
Radio-TV ......... Page 16
Obituaries ......... Page 17
Reading for Relaxation ......... Page 18
Sports ......... Pages 22-26
Television ......... Page 24
Theater Pages ......... Pages 18-19
Teen's Collection ......... Page 20
Women's Pages ......... Page 8

Proof of Saucer?

[A photograph of a person is included, with the caption "Lee Noll"]


- page 51 -

Here is the text from the document:

patriot
THE WEATHER
Mostly sunny with high near 90.
(Forecast from U.S. Weather Bureau)
Harrisburg, Penna. FRIDAY, AUGUST 6, 1965

Convinces Him They're Real

"My photos have been of being sighted. The Air Force withholding, perhaps because it is. It is better when people
most disturbed and animals, contends that most of the it fears panic, or because the know what they are seeing.
As to his photo of an ap- or planets were probably star objects being sighted are "I'm hoping that, as a re-
parent UFO, Noll said: he has a great deal of something Nussis has." sult of the latest sightings,
been disturbed by Air- Air Force has a great deal "My idea is that people the Air Force will provide the
force explanations of objects. of information which it is fear something more when information which it now has

Mystery Object Is Spotted by Camera
Saucer-like object streaks by in photo made by Lee bright spot near telephone wires at top of photo
Noll of Hershey. In taking the picture June 30 at when the larger object in the center apparently
Hershey, he said, camera was concentrated on went by unnoticed by him.


- page 52 -

HEADQUARTERS
MIDDLETOWN AIR MATERIEL AREA
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OLMSTED AIR FORCE BASE, PENNSYLVANIA 17057

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: K                                                                   24 August 1965

SUBJECT: Newspaper Accounts of UFOs

TO:     AFSC PTD (UDSW/UFO)
        Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45435

1.  As a follow on to my letter to you of 11 August, attached is
    a clipping of a letter to the editor attempting to explain the
    local sighting of 30 June.

2.  An additional sighting at Belleville, Pa., is also reported.
    No report was made to the Air Force here.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of] JUANITA D SCHULTZ, Capt, USAF
Chief, Office of Information

2 Atch
1.  Hbg Evening News, 21 Aug 65
2.  Hbg Patriot, 21 Aug 65


- page 53 -

Here is the text from the newspaper page:

The Evening News
LETTER PAGE
Saturday, August 21, 1965

Page 6

'St. Elmo's Fire'
That Flying Saucer Mystery--
Perhaps This Can Explain It

Editor:
Several weeks ago you published a photo taken by Paul McHardy. You quoted him as saying that he's convinced there are "flying saucers" in the air. I'm not prepared to argue the case, but I think I have a plausible explanation for the phenomenon.

I'm quite sure that the bright spot on the photo was

Is a phenomenon known popularly as "St. Elmo's Fire" It is caused by a bit of ionized air, a highly electrical activity that it glows.

I'm not too sure of technical statements, but I know the phenomenon. It is a frequent occurrence around electrical equipment and transmission lines, especially that of high voltage.

Telephone lines are not usually at the high voltage variety, but it can happen anywhere.

I have seen the little balls of "fire" dance around the floor of a radio transmitter building and explode with a loud "bang!" when they come in contact with something.

As they had no understanding of the properties of electricity, they were convinced that it was the work of some supernatural force and considered it a good or omen.

There can be only one plausible explanation for this. If the photo was taken in the same direction as you printed it, the spot could have been a light or water splashed on the film during processing. As the film would travel horizontally in the camera, it would be a simple matter of drying the photo in the photo lab.

It may have been wound on a drying rack, but that, too, would have been operating vertically.

-- Rev. Robert M. Logan

BUT IT'S A GREAT IDEA
Those Zip Codes Stir a Complaint

Editor:
There has been a good deal of talk about using zip code on all mail. There also has been talk about a law stating that mail will not be delivered unless the zip code is used.

My family and I know and use the zip codes for McHanicsburg, which is 17055, and for Harrisburg, which is 17105. But if we have to mail a letter to a city in Ohio for example, and the zip code is not given, what are we to do?

Now the zip code is a great idea to speed the mail along, but if the public had some way of knowing what the zip code for a town is, it would help.

At present, there is no law that prohibits the deliverance of first-class mail not carrying zip code numbers. If you would like to find out what the zip code of a particular section of the country is, you can do so by calling the Harrisburg Post Office and asking for the zip code office. A list of zip numbers for all sections of the U.S. also may be obtained.

-- Greta


- page 54 -

Hershey Man Has Photographic Proof

Unidentified Flying O

Flying saucer—unidentified flying object—a Martian goes ships.

Call them anything you like, but Les Noll, of Hershey, says he's seen a mysterious object in Central Pennsylvania skies similar to those reported by thousands of persons across the nation's Mid-lands and Southwest.

But, unlike many others who have spotted the weird unexplained phenomena, Noll has photographic proof of what he saw.
And the picture turned out to be a little more than he expected.

Noll, an amateur photographer, told The Evening News he saw a bright object in the sky above his home at 617 W. Arch Ave. around 7 p.m. last week when pictures of a 16-year-old elm tree and the object moved south "at an incredible rate of speed" after the first picture.

The amateur photographer waited until dusk for enlargement by newspaper photographers.

Upon seeing the blow-up photo, Noll found to his surprise that the enlarged picture showed the bright object had not so near his home.

But below the object was another, similarly described object in the sky.

THE LARGER object appears to be surrounded with a glowing circle in the center. What appears to be vapor trails descend out behind the object.

"I had to take three more shots of it in the picture," Noll said. "It apparently passed by in range of the camera."

"I was concentrating on the bright spot I saw. I have no idea what it was. It appeared to a 8-degree angle with the horizon from where I was standing. I know I wasn't a believer in a thing."

WHY DID Noll wait a month before revealing it?

"With all these reports of flying saucers, I didn't say anything because I felt everyone might think I was some kind of nut," Noll said.

"But after reading report of an object hovering over a spot in Texas for 45 minutes and getting a picture of it, I made my mind up to reveal my pictures."

Noll said he has been contacted by the Air Force explaining the objects sighted.

The Air Force could not come out and say just stars or planets.

"This bothers me," Noll said, "and now I'd like to see the Air Force explain that."

Noll, director of the Federal Aviation Agency, yesterday said he was not at liberty to discuss "American mythology."

*Reports to date show some interest that, in August and September, 28 days to date the long hot summer equities the imagination.* In total in Los Angeles.

Comic Dictionary
TRAFFIC LIGHT
A signal to time as to trick the pedestrian into the middle of the street.

The Even
HARRISBURG, PENN

No. 15,010—42 PAGES


- page 55 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
INTERPLANETARY INTELLIGENCE OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS -TECH. INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give us as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you.

1. When did you see the object?
June / 65
Month   Day   Year

2. Time of day: 8 20-30
           (Circle One): Hour   Minutes   A.M. or P.M.
                        Slightings Continued thru

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Post. Add. Honey Road
City. San Benito
State. Texas

5. How long was it in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours   10   Minutes   Seconds
5.1 Was the object in sight continuously?
    YES    NO

5.2 How was time in sight determined? Timed by Watch

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object in daylight, where was the sun located as you looked at the object?
a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right     f. Don't remember

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the stars and moon?
STARS                MOON
a. None              a. Bright Moonlight
b. Few               b. Dull moonlight
c. Many              c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember    d. Don't remember


- page 56 -

Here is the text from the document:

Objects Visit Midstate

WHAT IS IT? — Amid reports of flying saucers in various parts of the country, Lee Noll, of Hershey, said he saw an unidentified object in the sky above Hershey about June 30 and made this picture. Noll said he concentrated his camera on the bright spot near the telephone wires at the top of the photograph and the saucer-like object in the center apparently went by in a range of the camera. The dark spots in front of the object apparently are water spots.

[Newspaper Name] News

A. THURSDAY, AUG. 5, 1965

WEATHER: Cloudy tonight; fair and mild tomorrow.

(Details on Page 5)

PRICE SEVEN CENTS

The image appears to show a blurry, dark object photographed against a light background, with some telephone wires visible.


- page 57 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Dec 65

Hershey, Pennsylvania
30 Jun 65

SAUCER PHOTOGRAPHED IN PENNSYLVANIA: The picture above is one of three taken about June 30th, by an amateur photographer in Hershey, Pa., named Lee Noll, who tried to catch a moon ballooning rising. For fear of ridicule. Upon blowing up the pictures, Noll found he had gotten more than he had bargained for. He had almost his camera at a bright spot near the telephone lines shown here. The round object apparently moving right to left at terrific speed behind the wires was not visually. The dark spots in front of the object are probably water marks on the film, whereas there seems to be a vapor trail of some sort behind the object, and a glowing circle in the center.

The other UFO which was seen visually, disappeared toward the south at the count of the incident. He adds that he would like the Air Force to investigate and try to find an explanation; but as yet he has not been questioned by them.


- page 58 -

1 - 9 JULY 1965 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER    EVALUATION

Jul 1   Racine, Wisc.              Multiple    AIRCRAFT
        Manitoba, Canada                       1. Astro (METEOR)
        Des Plaines, Illinois                  2. Astro (ARCTURUS)

Jul 2   34.24S 23.41E (South Africa) Civilian  Astro (METEOR)
        Gunnesson Nat'l Monument, N. M. Civilian & Military  SATELLITE
        Jemez Springs, N. M.                   AIRCRAFT
        Carlton, Michigan
        Lebanon, Ohio                          SATELLITE

Jul 3   Rochester, Minnesota                   AIRCRAFT
        New Milford, Connecticut               BALLOONS
        Columbus, Ohio                         INSUFFICIENT DATA
        Dayton, Ohio                           SATELLITE

Jul 4   Massillon                   Military   Other (FIREWORKS)
        Taiwan                                 1. BALLOONS
                                               2. AIRCRAFT
        Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania               SATELLITE
        Arlington, Massachusetts               INSUFFICIENT DATA
        Lake Michigan                          Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
        Chicago, Illinois                      AIRCRAFT
        Xenia, Ohio                            SATELLITE
        Independence, Missouri
        Bellingham, Washington
        McKeesport, Pennsylvania
        Nicolia, Cyprus               Military (RADAR)
        Fossil, Oregon
        Arlington, Texas
        Kiel, Wisconsin
        Cincinnati, Ohio
        Peru, Indiana
        San Lorenzo Island, (Pacific)
        Dayton, Ohio                 Military  UNIDENTIFIED
                                               AIRCRAFT
                                               INSUFFICIENT DATA
                                               SATELLITE

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                   SOURCE      EVALUATION

Fall    Newport, R. I.                         (Green 164)
Fall    Slidell, La.                (Ltr)
Jul     Miami, Fla.                 (Green 164)
        Tegucigalpe, Honduras       News Clipping
Jul     Uruguay & Brazil
Jul 1   Lake George, N. Y.          News Clipping
        Montvale, N. J.
        Valensole, France           "    "
        Western Manitoba, Canada     "    "
Jul 1   Easton, Pa.                 "    "
Jul 2   Kent, Washington            "    "
        Antarctica(Chilian Sighting) "    "
Jul 5   Fort Pierce, Fla.           News Clipping
        San Antonio, Tex.            (Ltr & 164)
        San Jose, Costa Rica         News Clipping


- page 59 -

[1-9 JULY 1965]

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                SOURCE                  EVALUATION

6       Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio    News Clipping           (Itr)
7       Warminster, England
8       Sunnyvale, Calif.
9       Valparaiso, Chile
9       Tunis, Tunisia
19      Beverly, Mass.           (NICAP RPT)
19      Portugal & Azores        Rpt. & News Clipping


- page 60 -

Clouds
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered Clouds
d. Thick or Heavy Clouds
e. Don't remember

WEATHER
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared:
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brightest than the brightest star?
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Light built 20 ft. away

12. The edges of the object were:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away?
c. Break and into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change shape?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

Yes No Don't know
Yes No Don't know
Yes No Don't know
Yes No Don't know
Yes No Don't know
Yes No Don't know
Yes No Don't know

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
The object slanted down & went below the here

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes No Don't know If the object moved behind something, then what?


- page 61 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Did the object move in front of something, particularly a cloud?
    Yes     No     If you answered YES, then tell what it went in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    Sound: none
    Color: White & Red Green - Gold

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with some known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
    1/4

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exact trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
    Yes    No    If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 500 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away the object was from you?
    Yes    No    If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 15 mi

22. Where were you located when you saw this object?
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car
    c. Outdoors
    d. In an airplane (type)
    e. At sea
    f. Other

23. Were you
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In open countryside?
    d. Near an airfield?
    e. Flying over a city?
    f. Flying over open country?
    g. Other


- page 62 -

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

24.1 What direction were you moving?
a. North                 c. East                 e. South
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest            g. Northwest
                                                                           west

24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
      Yes     No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses            Yes    No     e. Binoculars        Yes    No
b. Sunglasses            Yes    No     f. Telescope         Yes    No
c. Windshield            Yes    No     g. Theodolite        Yes    No
d. Window glass          Yes    No     h. Other: ____________

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten response]: None, I never seen anything like it

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high above the horizon where you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it.

[The page includes two diagrams: one showing a curved line with angle measurements and another showing a compass rose with points marked.]


- page 63 -

