PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE, TIME GROUP
7 December 65 07/2145Z

2. LOCATION
Lanham, Maryland

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
BALLOON

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Appeared as solid black on top with vapor trails or two cone-shaped objects attached. Orange, pink color. In middle of object possible transparent. At first appeared as the stars, then as it came closer it began to take shape as described.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15-20 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
N to SW

At first it was as bright as a small mirror reflecting bright sunshine. These cones were identical in size, shape and color showing no variation in shape such as a jet flame might make.

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

At base it was not visible. After about 15 minutes the gradual travel of the object moved to an area where the object was obscured behind a group of trees in the yard.

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FTD 1EP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
Lanham, Md.
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

SAFO1

Dept of The Air Force
Office of the Secretary
U.S. Air Force
Washington DC

Postmark: AM 14 DEC 1965
U.S. COAST & GEODETIC SURVEY 1790 - ALWAYS READY


- page 2 -

TEEN/UFO                                                                 FEB 1 1968

UFO Sighting

Hq USAF SAFOI-CC (Mrs. Hunt)

Analysis personnel have reviewed [redacted] sighting of 7 December 1965 with the Project Consultant, Dr. J. Allen Lynck of Northwestern University. The duration and description of the sighting is in accord with an observation of a balloon looking toward the West while the Sun was setting. While no specific balloon has been identified, there are several research institutes flying balloons with occasional drift in the area. Johns Hopkins University is one such project and the launch site is at Washington, Pennsylvania. We regret that we cannot offer a more positive identity to the sightings. Our evaluation of this report is a possible balloon observation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF                                1 Atch
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems                                Form 164

COORDINATION:

ORIGINATOR:    [signature]                                          DATE 31 Jan 66
TDEM/UFO   Maj. H. Quintanilla, Jr

TDEM         [signature]                                            DATE 31 Jan 66


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
7th December 1965

2. Time of day: 4:55 15-20
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Lanham Md. Md-Prince Georges

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15-20
(Circle One): a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Watching Sun Set - 4:55 pm By Clock

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. Condition of the sky:
DAY: Bright-Clear-Sun Set
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT:
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

but found just set before horizon or sky line

FTD OCT 63 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few one-high to the South
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight? Full Moon, saw in sky
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same - AT first - then at close range it began to be brighter

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
At first it was as bright a driver (can't decipher rest of text)

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: Not a 10 - this shape was
only noticed after 5 minutes or
so - then at first with hazy edges

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes - at least from night. My wife + I were sitting in our living room watching. It was near/from Hillcrest heights window - after about 15 minutes, it seemed to come closer + brighter. Seemed to be coming out across from trees in our yard. Suddenly it just seemed to vanish - finally lost sight of it.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [No response written]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: [No response written]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   NONE
b. Color   He cap(this shape) Black. The two identics comes turning-pink

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Handwritten response appears to describe some details about size and viewing angle, but is partially illegible]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included with notes describing the object's appearance, including "Dark cap or like a swirling", "some of vapor, flame, or reflection", and other descriptive details about color and shape]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (No) -> "Maybe 15 miles, at first, 6-8 feet later"

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) N/A
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

"at first we thought it was vapor trails from a high flying plane. Later, it looked like a Buzzard with pigment colors blending. Maybe a Balloon - transparent center - no hanging object. i.e. cables - Basket - or Box could be seen."


- page 7 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Only One. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) - Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) - Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses (Wife)
Lanham, Md

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE 57   SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
NONE - Except Good Vision

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day     Month     Year   NASA Washington, D.C.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    13    DEC    65
    Day     Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

None -- Except this is the first time I ever saw any aerial object which was unexplainable.


- page 10 -

