The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document related to the United States Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: April 9, 1965
2. LOCATION: Western Montana
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: N/A
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: N/A
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Photo
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: Yes, NOT RECEIVED
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes

The text on the document indicates that the report is related to an insufficient data for evaluation. It mentions that a letter with photos representing the evaluation was requested, but the photos were not received.

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Text found in the document:

N.I.N.
U. S. Air Force
Langley A.F.B., VA.

Your voice of the most recent latch support the television at the Animan Medical Association Education and Research Foundation.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book.

Sincerely,

Pittsburgh, Pa. 15221

Incidentally, my attempts have obtained no supporting evidence of its existance - or of the case itself. It has pressed, no doubt, on many details that seem confused.

This report originated from an "unknown" source, and there are no eyewitnesses or other evidence to confirm its validity. The individual who submitted this report claims to have had sightings since the original incident, but is now over 80 years old and has difficulty recalling specific details.

Without further verifiable information, I am unable to confirm or deny the authenticity of this UFO report. The text provides limited details that are difficult to corroborate at this time.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Dear Mr. _____,

This is in reply to your letter in which you forwarded two photographs for possible analysis. We are unable to have your photographs analyzed at this time as they were not included with your letter. If you will forward the photographs, we will be happy to have them analyzed and will discuss the results with you.

Sincerely,

J. Allen Hynek (2)
Astrophysicist
PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

Transcribing the text in the document:

Was taken in western montana about the middle of April when there were good many flying objects seen by persons in the area that were reported to the air force at that time were of a fantastic form and appeared to be as big as an airplane and were brightly lighted and flew swiftly without any sound and appeared to hover at times then darted off at a tremendous speed and all the persons who saw them were frightened by their appearance and their behavior

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter. The text in the image reads:

Sightings Believed By
The Military Intelligence Division
Washington, D.C.

- page 6 -

