PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: September 65
2. LOCATION: Fayetteville, Arkansas
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Not Reported
8. PHOTOS: 1. Yes - Not Received
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Will evaluate when form 164 and negatives are received.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer was taking pictures of a satellite crossing. On two films a round black object with a definite halo of light and a short halo tail appeared. The second shot of the object was identical but smaller. The object was not seen when the pictures were taken.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-379 (TDE)


- page 1 -

February 17, 1966

Mrs Hunt,ch/SAFOICC/7824c/17 Feb 66

Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

Please excuse the delay in replying to your letter regarding photographs taken by your friend.

Should your friend desire to have the film analyzed by the Air Force, he should forward the original negative to this office. The original negative will be returned upon completion of the analysis, and you will be informed of the results.

I am enclosing a report on Project Blue Book, the Air Force UFO project. I hope this information will be of interest to you.

Your interest in Air Force matters is appreciated.

Sincerely,

1 Atch
Blue Book Report
Mrs [redacted]
Fayetteville, Ark

[Signature]
JOHN F. SPAULDING
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

[Bottom of page contains administrative routing stamps/notations]


- page 2 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDM/UFO
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Sep 65

TO: Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

Reference the attached letter requesting information on unidentified flying objects. Miss indicates that a friend of hers photographed an unidentified flying object during the first week of September. Should she desire to have these films analyzed, it is requested that the original negatives be forwarded to the Foreign Technology Division at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. The original negative will be returned upon completion of analysis. Her friend's name and the results of the analysis will be held in confidence by the U S Air Force.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Ltr


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Letterhead partially obscured]
20 Oct., 1965

Wright Patterson Airforce Base
Dayton, Ohio

To whom it may concern,                     Re: UFO's

Several years ago I considered writing, but thought perhaps you would not be interested since my UFO sighting was so long ago--in 1936, in Panama Canal Zone. However, in the last two weeks by most unusual circumstances, I have been shown time by a complete stranger almost (from the state of Washington) which alienates an aerial "path" of a UFO in the exact pattern I watched an orange-red object take so many years ago in Panama.

By my own judgement I think I'm a fairly well qualified observer but it would take a couple paragraphs to tell you why. If you wish to hear about this for any reason I will give you my qualifications.

Two days ago, also, I phoned a news reporter to arrange a meeting with her so I could show her these pictures. At the same time she showed me to tell me about a UFO she had snapped with her 35 mm Canon camera. When she was taking a picture of a satellite "passing" over this area. She had not known that a satellite could be "stopped" in mid-air. She says, however, that it was a rather peculiar, silvery, elongated thing. The surprise, though, consisted of an object which appeared on the next frame. Briefly, this was a very short, black object with a definite point of light and a short halo tail (showing direction of travel). The second shot of the object was identical but smaller, revealing that it was consistently further away. In a very short time, also, when she had not seen this object when she took the picture, if you would care for these pictures I am sure I could arrange printing. The book is the first week in September as well as she can remember.

Also, we have seen something very strange in our telescope recently, but we are trying to check to see if we can possibly be some kind of a fluke reflection in the scope. It appears as a dark round object with an illuminated arc edge and if ideas out the bottom of the telescope instead of the top, as do the stars and planets, due to the turn of the earth. If it is anything, therefore, we figure it would have to be traveling with us at a slightly faster speed. But, as I say, it may be something with the scope itself. We considered nebula, but at the distance they would be, they would also ride out the top of the scope as the planets.

If you do not wish to write, I know you're busy, and I feel that the UFO problem is certainly an animal.

Sincerely,
[Signature obscured]


- page 4 -

Fayetteville, Ark. 72701

Wright-Patterson Airforce Base
Dayton, Ohio

Re: UFO


- page 5 -

