1. DATE-TIME GROUP
29 June 65  30/0430Z

2. LOCATION
Greensburg, Pennsylvania

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Several Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Maneuvered

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT Roughly distant aircraft
with landing or approximately
light

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Stationary bright light about the size of an a/c light. Erratic motion to S.E. Then light moved back to the East. No sound. Light moved South. Went behind trees. Observer climbed on top of garage and light was visible and light was in flight, to East, slowly veering to the Northeast. Reddish color. Very bright. A/c crossing over went faster. Sound of a/c could be heard. Blinking lights on a/c visible. This object had no blinking lights.

COMMENTS: Light a/c with landing light on could cause sighting. This would account for the slow speed and the sound would not be as audible. Also this light would tend to obscure wing lights and identification lights. If the plane was flying very low, as evidenced by the necessity of the observer to climb on his garage to observe.

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Greensburg Pa. 15642

The Office of the Secretary of the Air Force
Washington - DC

SA601

(There is also a postmark that reads "GREENSBURG PA JUL 12 1965" and a 5-cent U.S. postage stamp)


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Greensburg, Pa. 15002, USA
July 12, 1965.

To Whom It May Concern:

Last evening on the car radio I heard a report about an unidentified flying object which hovered over a Portuguese installation and caused a stoppage of the electronic clocks, I believe. The report further stated that similar contacts had been made with such an object over Asfirticas some time before. While listening to the conclusion of the news cast, it was most interesting to compare the description with an object that both my mother and myself spotted in the skies on the night of Tuesday, June 29th. I reported the sighting to the local newspaper and they attempted to find someone else in the area who might have seen the same object, but as far as I was able to learn, no one else sighted it.

It was a little after 11:30 in the evening and it was slightly cloudy at that time. We were on our back porch playing shuffleboard and my mother then noted a very bright object in the skies and asked me what it might be. I didn't bother to look closely, thinking it was an airplane about to bank into a landing at the airport in Pittsburgh. However, the bright light also attracted my attention and more so because it failed to move. I first attacked in a stationary position and then moved towards the Southwest. Just as sudden it again stopped and this time came back to the East. We turned off the radio in an attempt to pick up any motor noise, but were unable to hear any sound emitting from the object. If passed silently to the South of where we stood and was behind a grove of trees on a hill behind our house and this prompted me to climb the garage roof and attempt to keep the object in sight. This was easily done and it continued to the East and then slowly veered to the Northeast. By this time it was passing out of sight and I went to the street and started the road to back track it further when a friend came by and asked what I was doing. I told him and then continued out the street and some 100 yards and the object was then moving back to the South. I came back and reported this to my friend and a neighbor, but the object had disappeared behind some tall trees to the East of the house.

It gave off no sound, it had a very reddish color which at first appeared yellowish in the distance. It must have been a huge object. The light was very bright and it must have been quite low for there was no cloud interference in seeing the object. Planes that crossed over went much faster than the object were following and they all had the little blinking lights and their motors were recognizable far off in the distance.

More than likely you get many such letters, but I can assure you what ever we saw that particular evening was a tangible object and it was always in sight (in as much as some people have claimed it to be some kind of reflection or even balloon) and moved along steadily without sound. Where object came from before we sighted this brilliant light, I cannot say and where went to after passing behind the tall trees, I also haven't the faintest idea. However, I think it is wise to advise you of this sighting and perhaps it will provide clue to the nature of these objects since there seems to be resemblance between the three sighted, counting in the two official ones with ours.

Thank you for reading this letter and please feel free to call on us for any additional information. I remain,


- page 3 -

