Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
3 August 65 03/0440Z

2. LOCATION
Cocoa, Florida

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
LIGHTS/INVERSION EFFECTS (13)
LOCAL INVESTIGATORS

Local investigators regard the lights as reflections from the
Inversion in the area.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Five Objects

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Four police officers observed five lights, orange or white or
white green at various times. Round four in diamond shape and
one off to a side. No trails. Possible halo is objects.
Attention attracted by report to police department that they
were flying maneuvers in the area. All objects cleared and
slightly to the South. WX included inversion in area and high
thin stratus clouds. Lights moved around in same area.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
Yes
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

UFO report Aug 4 1965 Cocoa Fla                                Page 1

Operator: Mr Edward Schild?
Answer: They're both not here. One works days and one works midnight shift

Operator: I see. Which one works the midnight shift?
Answer: Mr. Moore. He'll be in at 12:00

Operator: At what time? 12:00?
Answer: Between 11:30 and 12:00

Operator: What time do you have there now in Cocoa, sir?
Answer: It's 12 minutes past 10:00.

2 (Telephone rings)
Voice in Answer: Hello

Operator: Mr. Moore? Mr Schild?
Answer: He's at work right now.

Operator: He's at work already?
Answer: Yes, ma'm. Want to leave a message.

Hi: That would be a good idea. Could you ask as soon as he gets to work -- he's apparently not there yet -- to call --

Operator: Do you want me to try the other number and leave word there?
Hi: Yes, he should be there any time now.

Operator: All right, sir.
Hi: Mr. Moore we'll talk with first.
O: All right

Hi: You get to work early.                   Attached is what might be called a
                                              'working' copy of the tape. I left some
Operator: Mr. Moore?                          blanks where it wasn't clear to me.
Hi: Yes

Operator: Go ahead


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Alvin Bloxham
1430 S. Brainard
Chicago, Ill.

James Storts
1st Lt. Washington
Wash., D.C.

James Florack
5620 Washington
Chicago, Ill.

Fred Silas
1960 A Street
Washington, D.C.

Alien Grossman
4830 W. 7th St.
Chicago, Ill.

Marie Sielawa
620 Fillmore
Wilmont, Ill.

Mary Grusecki
1925 W. 18th St.
Chicago, Ill.

Mary Bao
2514 W. Barry Ave.
Chicago, Ill.

Harry Mazur
5136 W. 24th St.
Cicero, Ill.

Harry Hays
1418 S. Paulina Ave.
Chicago, Ill.

The text appears to be a list of names and addresses, mostly from Chicago, Illinois, with a few from Washington, D.C.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

H: Hello, Mr. Moore. This is Professor Hynek at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois.

M: Yes, sir.

H: I'm consultant for the Air Force on the matter of Unidentified Flying Objects. And it has been a long while since we have been through these reports, but the report originally made from the Patrick Air Force Base, went to the Pentagon, then it went to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, and finally I got it.

M: I see

H: We are still trying to track down -- around the 4th of August there were an awful lot of sightings all over the country

M: Yes, sir. I understand that.

H: We are still trying to pin down what some of these were. A great many of them were stars and balloons. But some of these are very puzzling, and the one that you and kzxx Mr Schilde

M: Mr Schild

H: Schild, is it? That's right. And Mr. Ivy and Mr Scott reported. I'm not sure they were the same thing, either. But you and Schild were together, I believe. And Ivy and Scott were.

M: That's right.

H: It's a very puzzling thing. I wonder if you wouldn't mind to gab a bit -- I would like to ask a few questions.

M: All right.

H: If you want the spelling of my name -- it's H Y N E K. And the initials are J A

M: I'd like to. Hyne k J A Northwestern

H: From time to time the Air Force over the past number of years


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

has asked me to work with them on these things as an astronomer.

M: Is this on tape?
H: No, not on tape. This is for my own information and for the Air Force. The report I have here is identifying information and observers names with Maxs Edward Schilds, Charles Moore, James Ivy and B G Scott. These four men are all officers of the Cocoa Florida Police Department and may be contacted at the Police Department Headquarters Building and 225 Willard Avenue, Cocoa Florida.

M: It's changed -- 300 Brunson Boulevard
H: Now, then let me begin by asking if you have had any thoughts on this subject since -- it's been a number of months now -- is it still puzzling, or do you have a fair idea of what it was you saw?

M: Oh, yes, in my mind I can still see it. It was my first experience I can think back right now and I know definitely what we observed -- at least what I observed -- was fascinating to me and it'll stay with me the rest of my life. And it was the first time for me. I've heard stories and read, and so forth, some of them, but I never went overboard, You know? 'Till that particular night.

H: Well, you're the kind of observer I like to talk to because I don't like to talk to people who are firm believers in flying saucers, or something like that. But we get -- and I've been consultant/for the Air Force now for/fifteen years because this stuff all started way back, you know, just before 1950. And most of the things that we get we can explain very easily as balloons or stars or this and that. But there are each year a number of cases that are really puzzling, and yours is certainly one of them.


- page 5 -

Cocoa, Florida
Dept. of Defense
Washington, D.C.

Alan Godfrey
1500 E. Trask
Wharton, Tex.

Lloyd Silvernail
P.O. Box 1024
Willards, Md.

Mary Gallagher
1815 W. 13th St.
New York, N.Y.

Mary Eno
3745 W. 22nd Ave.
Chicago, Ill.

Some text appears to be partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document.


- page 6 -

So, in other words, you still don't know what it might have been that you saw. Is that right?

M: No, but I am almost 100 per cent sure that it wasn't a balloon or anything that the Air Force is other sightings they might say. Well, I seen a picture one time of a test flight of xxxxxxxxxx a Boeing aircraft. Behind it was -- when the xxx picture was developed -- it looked like a flying saucer, and they xxxx (?) off to be a flaw in the emulsion (?) on the paper, and I said: "Well, O.K. To me it looks like a flying saucer -- the picture itself." But the Air Force likes to pass it off as being a balloon, or reflection of light, or something like that. Well, that's all well and good, but -- well -- I haven't even given it a second thought. For the first two or three weeks we were questioned about it. We had local people asking us about it, and so on and so on. And after that, well, I said, they can pass it off as xxxxxxx to whatever it is that they want it to be, but we know what we did see.

H: Well, now, this is the point. Even though I am the consultant for the Air Force, I am not the one xxxxxxxxxxxresponsible for what they say.

M: Right, right.

H: I am a scientist in my own right. And I am puzzled about what it was you saw, and I certainly would like to know. Now, I would like to check whether some facts here are correct. You say that the objects were observed for about 15 minutes, it says here. Is that right?

M: That's about right. In this diamond formation. Then I seen one


- page 7 -

M: {continued) in flight and it cast like an orange light as it was moving. And it took a fixed position in the sky. And then I went down to where Ed was standing and we looked through binoculars.
A man and his wife -- they had binoculars. I looked at the diamond formation through the binoculars and they told me if you watched it closely you would see it move. One moved out xk of the formation, and then it came back again. We watched that for a long while. Then I said that maybe the one that moved was the one that I saw in flight and then it came back. And so we just kept watching and watching and then at 12 o'clock we had to pick up our relief and

H: What was the night like? Was it clear?

M: Oh, yes, it was very clear.

H: And how did these objects differ. Were they brighter, fainter, xxxxxx different color, or what?

M: Well the light -- looking through the darkness -- it cast off like a gleam, white, and orange white --


- page 8 -

The image appears to be a document with multiple names and addresses, but the text is very faint and partially illegible. I can make out some partial text:

Jane Pinder
(address partially illegible)

Ken Barton
(address partially illegible)

Marvin Strickler
(address partially illegible)

(Several other names and addresses are visible but too faint to read completely)

The document seems to be a list or directory of some kind, but the details are difficult to discern due to the poor image quality.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

they                                                                 like green and white
H: Did you look at the sky also?
M: Oh, yes, to compare.
H: To compare - exactly what I want. How did they compare?
M: Like a group of stars (?) the same white. I kept looking/and
then I switched back to the formation. And the formation was
different - casting off these lights, you know. Then I looked
back at the stars
H: It gets more interesting all the time. Lets go back to when you
first - how did you first sight the thing?
M: O.K., now. I was out on a call. It was approximately 11: 25,
when sandwiches were served, and I came back to the car. I
heard Ed say that he was in contact with X 320 on the radio in
the car. When I got to the car I heard the radio and I said:
"Ed, what have you got?" He said:ha was a guy who's seeing a
flying saucer. And with that I looked up, you know unconsciously!
and I said: "Hey, Ed, I see it, too!" You know - I was scared
and I had the mike in my hand, looking up and watching this thing
fly -- moving like crazy!
H: What direction were you facing?
M: I was facing east.
H: And it was moving west.
M: It was moving west.
H: West. It couldn't have been a satellite because satellites don't
move that way.
M: I see. Then he said: "No fooling." and I said: "Yeah." And then
I was moving - little - you know, just at 20 miles an hour, when I
looked up, you know, just finished a call. And then I got under

Page number in top right corner: p 4/


- page 10 -

a street light and that blocked my view. Then I drove out
of Cambridge Drive, and I drove on Picks Boulevard, - I still
faced east, and I tried to spot it again. I
looked up - and said "Look, Ed, it's standing still."
H: How much of an arc had it moved through? How much of the sky -
how low down in the sky was it when you first saw it? from the
stars, you know, and everything else in the sky moving. It was low
enough in the sky for me --
H: You mean, you didn't have to look very far up, then?
M: No. No. And that fascinated me.
H: And you saw it coming toward you then?
M: Well, it was going - I was travelling east, and it was going back
toward the west. It was like going over my head. And then
I followed it and then it got behind a street light and I got
like past the street light and I couldn't see it any
more. And then I got around on Picks Boulevard --
also facing east. And then I got out of Picks Boulevard and I
stood there - mike in my hand - and I'm looking up and I told Ed
it took a fixed position - the guy's standing still. And I
"Come on down here," he said, "I'll show you something --
a diamond formation." And I looked up and said: "Where --
Then he said: "Well, come on down" he said, "I'm down here with
a binoculars." And I said, "Well, o.k." And I shot down Indian
River Drive and Picks Boulevard and got out and he give me the
binoculars. And I looked up, and even without the binoculars you
could see the formation. And he said: "That one moved and it came


- page 11 -

HEADQUARTERS
AIR FORCE EASTERN TEST RANGE
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
PATRICK AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA 32925

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ETWE/Lt Wenzel/494-4131

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

TO: FTD (TDEV-UFOC)
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio 45433

18 August 1965

1. Identifying Information on Observers:
   a. Names: [Redacted]
   b. All four men are officers of the Cocoa, Florida Police Department and may be contacted at the police headquarters building, 225 Willard Avenue, Cocoa, Florida.

2. Description of the Objects:
   a. Shape: Round.
   b. Size: Approximately the size of a pea held in the hand at arm's length.
   c. Color: Orange, or white, or green at various times throughout the period of observation.
   d. Number: Five (5).
   e. Formation: Four (4) objects in a diamond-shaped configuration, with one (1) object located to the west of the diamond.
   f. Any discernible features or details: None.
   g. Tail, trail, or exhaust: None.
   h. Sound: Possible hiss.
   i. Pertinent or unusual features: None.

3. Description of Course of Objects:
   a. Observers' attention was attracted to the objects by a report to the Cocoa, Florida Police Department that there were "flying saucers" in the sky.


- page 12 -

back." And I said: "Well, I wonder if it is the one I see in flight."

H: When you saw the stationary one, can you be sure it was the same thing you saw moving?

M: Yeah -- it was the same reflection of light.

H: I see. It was different from a star.

M: Oh, definitely.

H: O.K. Now, this diamond formation - you said it was nearly overhead. How far from overhead was it? Was it to the north, to the south, or --

M: It was directly - from where we were standing - it was practically directly overhead.

H: Directly overhead.

M: Yeah - I had to lean back with the binoculars and look up. And the one that was off in the west - I leaned on a fellow's back -- he bent over and I used his back for a tripod to keep it steady, you know. And it was casting off those lights - along with the diamond formation - they were casting off the same lights. The stars stayed white.

H: Let me ask you this: If you had held your hand outstretched, if you could have held - excuse me just a second - sorry, there was an interruption - someone said there was another phone call but I'll get that later.

M: I'm getting hoarse. I got myself a strep throat coming on, I think.

H: You shouldn't - you go on duty pretty soon, don't you?

M: Twelve at o'clock.

H: You'd better go home.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

P 7

M: Yeah, I am. I'll get take a couple of aspirins.

H: Yeah. This is very interesting. There are a couple of other very much little points that I would like to know. The size of this diamond formation. I was just about & to xx say that if you held your hands - you know - stretched your arm out and open your hand, would your thumb alone have covered the diamond formation?

M: No - (rest inaudible)

H: It was larger than xxxxxxxxxxxxx a finger, then, larger than a thumb?

M: I don't think it covered

H: Your hand would have?

M: Yeah, my hand would have.

H: O.K. That's good to know. Now, were all the lights in the diamond formation the same brightness, or were some brighter?

M: No, they were about the same.

H: About the same, yes. And the light that seemed to move from it -- how many times the size of the diamond formation did it get away? About one diamond, two diamonds?

M: Well, you see, I didn't see one move from it.

H: Oh, you didn't? It was

M: No, to me it was the diamond formation. And that was the one that had was off in the west/taken a fixed position that I had seen in flight

Wt: How far west from the thing was it?

M: Pretty far - pretty far over.


- page 14 -

H: Roughly speaking, - and this is rather important - was it directly west, or a little to the north of west or south of west, or how?

M: It was northwest.

H: Northwest. And about how far up from the horizon - half-way, quarter-way towards the top? You know, how far up would you have to stretch your arm?

M: Three-quarters of the way.

H: Three-quarters. So it was pretty high.

M: Yes, it was.

H: This is the sort of thing that the Air Force always tried to say was a star. With your own mind, how did that light differ from a bright star?

M: It seems to me that a star stays bright and makes xxxxxxx twinkles just a little bit you know. But that object was casting off the different lights. I could definitely distinguish - it would be white, and then the greenish tint, and then the orange. And then it would go back to white again like, and then it would go green, then back to white, and then orange. You know.

H: And there were stars near that were not doing that?

M: That's right.

H: And how much brighter xxxxxxxtxrxghts than the brightest stars xxxx around it were? Would you say twice as xxxx bright, nearly as bright, much brighter, or what?

M: When it was white, I think it was a little bright.

H: A little brighter than a star. Yes. The diamond formation itself didn't move?

M: I didn't seem. But Ed said he noticed one move away from the formation and then back again (I see). And that's what I


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

P 9

kept trying to see. And then he said he would come on at 12:00 
o'clock and pick up the guys to go to work, see. And then i 
said: "O.K."

Hi: And then dixyou looked up at the sky a few nights after that 
also to --

Hi: I did. Just trying to see if I could spt that diamond formation, 
you know. And I couldn't do it.

Hi: You couldn't. Well, that was very, very interesting. And I 
don't know what it was either. Let me see if there are a few 
other things --

Mi: Would you like to talk to Charles? 
Nice

Hi: Yes, that might be very interesting.

Mi: And this is Mr

Hi: Hynek

Mi: Of Northwestern University. You say where?

Hi: Evanston, Illinois - that's near Chicago

Mi: O.K. Mr Hynek. I'm going to see if I can contact Ed for you 
Professor Ed Hynek of Northwestern 
University. He would like to talk to you about

Hey, Ed. Come here a minute. This is 
Officer

E: Professor...        (introduced himself) a Schilds (?)

Hi: I had better explain what I am about here. I'm a professor of 
astronomy, but the Air Force occasionally calls me in as an 
astronomer to consult with them on some of the odd sightings that 
are reported. Around the 4th of August we had quite a few, from 
your area and especially from the west, in Texas and in Oklahoma. 
You may have heard of them. I am slowly working through some of 
the cases and trying to come to some conclusion as to what the 
things might have been. And your sighting - yours and Moore's --


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

interests me very, very much, because I can't exactly fixxxxx figures out that they were stars. This diamond formation that you saw

-- how did it differ from the stars in the general area.

S: Well, you could see that it was lower. I mean - it stood out like something that would be a mile high as opposed to something that was/20 miles high. You could see that it was definitely lower and that it wasn't a star. The color was different, the brightness - it was brighter, much brighter. You could see it wasn't a star. There were many, many, many stars in the sky.

H: This is a point that I am very much interested in getting down, because I know the Air Force will xxxx say: "Well, it was stars they saw." And I want to be able to say - well, how do you explain this then, you know. I asked the same thing of Charlie Moore - if you held your thumb straight out in front of you as far as you can and had held this up over the diamond formation -- would the thumb have xxxx covered the thing, or not quite, or --

S: Oh, no. I would saw the thumb might cover two of them. You know, one directly above the other. But the others would be - you would have to face your thumb in the other direction (H: I get you) to get them all. If I recall correctly, xxxxx they were quite a bit apart.

H: You've given me something new that I didn't get from Mr Moore. The impression that they were lower down than the sky, so to speak.

S: Yes.

H: Now, were they all of exactly the same brightness?

S: Well, I would say yes, they were, except that the intensity of the light seemed to change. I mean it would get brighter, then a little duller or all, not together, but individually.


- page 17 -

The image appears to be a very faint, low-contrast document with text that is mostly illegible. While some fragments of text are visible on the left side of the page, the majority of the text is too blurry and washed out to be accurately transcribed. I can make out a few partial lines and what seem to be names or locations, but I cannot confidently reproduce the text without risking inaccuracy.


- page 18 -

H: I see, they were of variable intensity, but not xm together.
S: Yes, that's right
H: I see. What was the kxn condition of the sky? Were there are clouds at all?
S: No, sirr, it was very clear.
H: Very clear, yes. Compared to the brightest star -- there were some bright stars at that season -- the star Arturus or which is in the northwest which is a very bright thing and there's in the northeast -- did you make a comparison of colors with the stars at that time?
S: Yes, sir. I'd say that these appeared to be as bright as any in the sky, may be even a little brighter.
S: OK go on - he cut in on us.
H: Mr Moore said something about having seen a light travelling across the sky. Did you see any motion any place?
S: Yes, I did.
H: But not the diamond formation?
S: Yes, one from the diamond formation - left the diamond formation.
H: Was it the fifth one?
S: No, it was the fourth one. It was the one that - you see, the diamond shape would be the long points of the diamond were facing toward the west (Hi: I see) And the short points were facing north and south. And the most westerly lights of the diamond left the diamond and went out to the western section of our town here. Quite a distance zxaxkxm one that Mr Moore saw. You see, there were five in the sky. But there were only four in the diamond shape. And the most westerly one in the diamond shape went out to the western section of the town at a hichrate


- page 19 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Jane Florino
637 Warwick
New York, NY

Patricia Gardner
3026 Irene
Sheboygan, IL

Adda Thompson
4150 W. 5th St.
Chicago, IL

Louis Glistberg
704 Birchway
Westfield, NJ

Mary Donagel
4205 No. Washburn
River Forest, IL

Mary Fox
1575 W. Berwyn Ave.
Chicago, IL

David Wexler
1615 N. Keeler
Chicago, IL

Alfred Wiggins
5408 S. Calumet
Chicago, IL

Harry Ward

The text appears to be a list of names and addresses, mostly from Illinois and surrounding states.


- page 20 -

of speed. It looked like just a flash. And it stayed out there
next to this other one for oh, maybe, thirty seconds or so, and
then it came back and resumed its position in the diamond.
H: I'm be damned. This is important: How many degrees per
second did it go, that is how fast did it travel? Faster than a
jet, for instance?
S: Oh, yes, sir. It looked to me like a meteor. It was a streak.
But then, it stopped, and it stayed out there, and then streaked
back.
H: Good heavens. Then you could watch it as it streaked?
S: Yes, I was looking through binoculars.
H: As it approached the west, did it stop abruptly, did it slow down,
S: No, it slowed down.
H: It slowed down, and then stopped.
S: Yes, the area that it travelled as I was looking at it
would be in the field of vision would be three or four feet as far
as the field of vision was concerned, if you understand what I mean.
H: No, I'm not quite sure. You were looking through binoculars (S:
Yes, sir) And it went so fast that you couldn't follow it with
binoculars.
S: No, sirs. I had to pick it up again, and as I picked it up it
was slowing down, and then it stopped. (Hi I see) And then I
kept looking at it and it was fairly close to these other objects
and then it came back and resumed its position.
H: Did it get as close to the other k objects as it was to the
others of the diamond formation.


- page 21 -

The image appears to be a document with multiple lines of text, but the text is very faint and mostly illegible. I can make out some fragments of addresses and names, but cannot confidently reproduce the full text due to the poor image quality and low contrast.


- page 22 -

b. The objects were "directly overhead and slightly to the South."

c. The objects were in approximately the same position when observation was terminated.

d. [A small diagram with numbered objects 1, 2, 3, and 4 is present]

[Partially redacted text] saw Object 1 move west at a "high rate of speed" and then return to its original position. [Partially redacted text] saw Object 2 move to Object 1, and then return to its original position in the diamond.

e. The objects were observed for 15 minutes. It is not known when, or if the objects disappeared, because the objects were still visible when the observers departed.

4. Manner of Observation:
a. The objects were observed visually from the ground.

b. Binoculars were used by both Officer [redacted] and [redacted]. No difference between using the naked eye and using binoculars, except for magnification.

5. Time and Date of Sighting:
a. 0440 - 0455Z, 4 Aug 1965.

b. Lighting conditions: Absolute darkness on ground in area of observers; sky was clear and many stars observable.

6. Location of Observers:
[Partially redacted text] initially observed the objects while in a police patrol vehicle on Cambridge Dr., Cocoa, Fla. He then joined Edward Schild at a location approximately 50 feet from the Indian River, near the northeast city limits of Cocoa.

7. Weather Conditions: The following information was obtained from the Federal Aeronautics Administration at Melbourne, Fla.

[Page number "2" is visible at the bottom of the document]


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

P 14

S: Well, I looked at it for just about a half an hour, and when I left it was still there.

H: It was still there.

S: Yes, sir. I had to go to the station at 12:00. I picked it up at 11:30 - got a call on it, and when I came into the station at 12:00 it was still there.

H: Did you ever investigate the people who called in?

S: Yes, sir. I spoke to them since then and Ix had spoken to them before that about other things, of course.

H: What sort of people are they, if I may ask?

S: Well, it's difficult to say. I would say that the husband - he's a barber - I don't think he would be really a dependable person but his wife I think would be

H: Well, O.K., I get the message. It is very difficult to find people who can intelligently describe something like this, because, well - they are not used to it for one thing. Now, let me see if there is anything -- did you have any feeling - well, it's probably funny for me to say so -- but I think if I were watching something like that I might feel a little frightened or wondering if someone was up there watching me, or something.

S: This is what I had. I was amazed more than anything, but I did have that feeling.

H: I'm a little surprised that you didn't get more people to watch it with you.

S: Oh, there was about five or six people where I was.

H: Oh, there were.

S: Yes, sir.

H: Do you have the names of any of them


- page 24 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Patrick Harker
6325 Avery
Chicago, Ill.

Allen Neuhauser
4030 N. Clark
Chicago, Ill.

Fred Stegman
601 S. Chase
Wilmette, Ill.

Mary Christoff
1746 W. Schreiber
River Grove, Ill.

Wally Poe
3735 W. Barry Ave.
Chicago, Ill.

Larry Weaver
7150 W. Mack
Chicago, Ill.

A. J. Rojas
4718 Washington Ave.
Chicago, Ill.

The text appears to be a list of names and addresses, mostly from the Chicago, Illinois area.


- page 25 -

Here is the text from the document:

S: No, I just have the man and wife there on that corner, and I live with another stopped in a car and they saw it. I have no idea who they are. They live right man and woman who

Hi: This is very interesting. Of course, from one case one can not tell much but in examining a number of these cases around that time, I am trying to find out whether the same sort of things were seen, you see, in different parts of the country. Actually, this all seemed to start on July 31st, and there were sightings - lots of reports on August 1, 2, 3, and 4, and then by August 5 it pretty much backed down. But during those few nights there were an awful lot of reports even from some SAC bases out west. And this is why this was

S: This was the night that they did have a shot at the Cape, and now -- this was a night shot they were having then. We are having a shot Saturday, but of course, that's going to be a my day shot.

R: I don't know whether that has anything to do with it, or not. I thought at first that it was something from the Cape - I mean, some kind of system that they might have put in the air, you know.

Hi: Yes. Let me ask this: -- a thing I have frequently asked people. If you had some magic way let's say of putting something up in the sky that would most closely resemble what you saw, what object or objects would you pick? to put up there that would look something like this?

S: This to me looked like the end of a flare? Do you know what type of flare I mean? The flare that's used in the railroad? Yes, the railroad type flare. This is how it looked if you were looking directly at the flame of the flare. This is the way it would look. Not the longation, just the flame.

The page is numbered "P 16" in the top right corner.


- page 26 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Fred Plante
257 Washington
Lansing, IL

Jack Pickett
Cocoa, Florida

Alan Bressart
5518 N. Drakr
Chicago, IL

David Johnsels
509 Fulberton
Westmont, IL

Mary Grajecki
4548 W. Jackson
River Forest, IL

Kate Bae
5144 W. Berwyn Ave.
Chicago, IL

Nancy Swanson
7144 N. Damen
Chicago, IL

Some text appears to be partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document.


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

H: In this same report from the Co Tribune, I seem to have a thing that says: "The Air Force today the mysterious colored lights observed by four policemen were reflections from the ground."

S: Yes, sir. That's what they said.

H: Well, now, it's hard for me to believe that reflections could look like that. Reflections are generally diffuse. Of course, I am asking a leading question here. I shouldn't ask the question this way. But the impression I have gotten from what you are saying is that the -- well, let me put it this way. Let us suppose that we were looking at a street light at a considerable distance. How would the light you saw differ from the street lights?

S: Well, street lights I believe now on a clear night you could see that the street light was round, that it was of a fixed intensity. This was not round. It was like a free burning light, like a match light, not a manufactured light, but a regular burning. And the intensity part (?) I think that's what gave the impression of different colors to me.

H: In other words, it gave you the impression that the light was coming from it.

S: That's right. Un huh.

H: Up to this time we have all had the impression that these lights were points like stars

Note: The page is numbered "P 16" in the top right corner.


- page 28 -

The text on this page is mostly illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. I can make out some partial addresses and names, but cannot confidently reproduce the full text. The document appears to be a list or form with names and addresses, but the details are too blurry to read with certainty.


- page 29 -

This facility is approximately 20 miles from the site of observation, but is the closest weather station.

At 0455z, 4 Aug 65:
Winds - 3 knots at 190 degrees
Ceiling - unlimited, at least 30,000 ft
Visibility - 10 miles
Cloud Cover - 6/10 thin clouds
Thunderstorms - None

8. Additional Information:

Officers and of the Cocoa Police Department, reported that they saw "a yellow light with a bright ring around it." The time of the observation was approximately 0430z, 4 Aug 65. The period of observation was "several minutes" after which the object disappeared.

The object "bobbed back and forth" and appeared to be approximately as big as a 50 cent piece held at arm's length. The two observers were in a police patrol vehicle in front of the police headquarters in building in Cocoa, Fla. The object was "directly overhead - perhaps to the East."

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of] DANIEL B. WILLIAMS
Lt Colonel, USAF
Director, Evaluation and Applications

1 Atch
Newspaper clippings (5)

3


- page 30 -

Here is the text from the document:

Cocoa Tribune

Mystery Blamed
On Reflections

PATRICK AIR FORCE BASE (UFP) - The Air Force said today the mysterious colored lights observed by four policemen over the City of Cocoa Monday night and early Tuesday apparently were reflections from the ground.

A spokesman at Patrick Air Force Base said an investigation showed that a temperature inversion, a weather phenomenon, below a warmer layer, resulted in conditions that could have reflected ground lights. The policemen said the objects were yellow and orange and appeared over the city for up to 15 minutes. Two officers said four of the lights appeared in a diamond formation and changed position several times.

6 August 65


- page 31 -

Orlando Evening Star                                                   6 August 65

Cocoa UFOs
Reported
Reflections
PATRICK AIR FORCE
BASE (UPD) The Air Force
said Friday the mysterious
colored lights observed by
four policemen over the
city of Cocoa Monday night
and early Tuesday apparently were reflections
from the ground.

A spokesman at Patrick
Air Force Base said an
investigation showed that a
temperature inversion, a
weather phenomenon
caused by a cold air mass
over a warmer layer,
resulted in conditions that
could have reflected
ground lights.

THE POLICEMEN said
the objects were yellow
and orange and appeared
over the city for up to 15
minutes. Two officers said
four of the lights appeared
in a diamond formation and
changed position several
times.

The Air Force said any
unidentified flying objects
in the area would have
been sighted by the Air
Defense Command radar
unit at the base. No such
radar sightings were recorded and no aircraft were
flying in the area at the
time.

The Air Force spokesman
said, however, that an
investigation would continue and that the Air Force
planned to question the
policemen who made the
observations.


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

Lights
Mirrored
By Sky?

PATRICK AFB – (UPI)
— The mysterious colored
lights observed by four policemen over the city of Cocoa
apparently were reflections
from the ground. The Air
Force said Friday.

A spokesman at Patrick
Air Force Base said an investigation showed that a temperature inversion, a weather phenomenon caused by a
cold air mass below a warmer layer, resulted in conditions that could have reflected ground lights.

The policemen said the
objects were yellow and orange and appeared over the
city for up to 15 minutes.
Two officers said four of the
lights appeared in a diamond
formation and changed position several times.

The Air Force said any
unidentified flying objects in
the area were not sighted by the Air Defense
Command radar unit at the
base. No such radar sightings were recorded and no
aircraft were flying in the
area at the time.

The spokesman said, however, that an investigation would continue and
that the Air Force planned
to question the policemen
who made the observation.
Cocoa is about 15 miles
southwest of Cape Kennedy.


- page 33 -

Here is the text from the newspaper article:

Police Aid Testimony

Colorful Objects
Seen in Cocoa Sky

By SANDERS LaMONT
Herald Brevard Bureau

COCOA - Multi-colored objects hovering in the sky over this city - about 15 miles from Cape Kennedy - were reported Wednesday by eight persons, six of them patrolmen.

Cocoa Police Dispatcher Earl Wade and Gene Powers also said they saw an object flying above the police station. They watched it was yellow and orange.

Whitley quoted Wade as saying, "I don't know what I would have believed it."

The unidentified object remained above Byrd Plaza about 15 minutes before it "fizzled out" he admitted. "I looked like the devil but never did see anything."

The Air Force Air Defense Command radar station at nearby Patrick Air Force Base reported no unusual sightings during the night.

The unidentified flying objects descriptions were similar to those of phenomena reported in other parts of the Midwest and Southwest.

Patrolmen 24 Schild went to check the report and told Whitley, "They certainly are there."

He also said a group of four in a diamond-shaped formation were above the shopping center, and one object left the group and went at a "very fast rate" toward a single object that was hovering over Charles Lake Road.

Moore checked the report.

Wade said, "I asked for the could see objects and he said, "Yes." Whitley said, "I asked him what they looked like and he said, 'I can't tell.'"

Then Officer Jack Long--


- page 34 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Miami Herald                                                                7 Aug 65

[Mid-County Countdown image with a small photo]

Listening in
To 'Visitors'
By SANDERS LaMONT
Miami Herald Staff

DID YOU HAPPEN to see the multi-colored objects in the sky over Cocoa Tuesday and Wednesday night?

Before you start wondering, remember that a few reputable citizens, including members of Cocoa's Police Department, did see "something" in the air above Byrd Plaza and above Clear Lake Road.

Consider for a minute that you are a person from another solar system exploring the surface of the earth, trying to figure out what's going on here. The following is a rough translation of a conversation there is a lot lost in the translation of the spacemen's conversation:

SPACEMAN X: "What do you see down there, commander?"

SPACEMAN Z: "Nothing much. It's too dark to be sure. But it looks like a square place is all lit up in some kind of landing area. Maybe we'll see some earthlings."

SPACEMAN X: "I think I see some of the earth creatures. They seem to be about 10 feet long and roll around on four wheels. There's quite a lot of them at the space-port."

SPACEMAN Z: "Yeah, but what are those funny looking things they keep sending up? Notice how that looks like the terminal? Notice how they don't have wheels at all."

SPACEMAN X: "Must be some sort of machine the earthlings have to do their work for them. Notice how the earth-people on wheels (streets) in an orderly manner. That's very intelligent. But their machines just seem to wander about aimlessly. They must not have them perfected."

SPACEMAN Z: "Yes, it is strange. But look at that separate building at the intersection that says 'Service Station.' Whatever that means, these earthlings seem to be getting something for their machines."

SPACEMAN X: "Maybe they think their restaurant. My, they certainly are primitive."

SPACEMAN Z: "Wait a minute. It looks like the earthlings are all lined up and running into each other (of U.S. 1 and Dixon Blvd.)."

SPACEMAN X: "Must be something important. Look, that must be the base of the path with the metal rails. All the earthlings seem to be paying at the homage. That must be the real leader of the pack. I wonder what they get out of it."

So the truth is finally out. Human beings exist only to serve automobiles, and the Florida East Coast freight trains ride the world.

It's a good thing the space men did not hover above the intersection of SR 520 and SR 3. They would probably see some "earthlings" running and "carthing" keep trying to beat their brains out.

ONE FINAL note about the multi-colored objects. The Air Force tells us the were no more than reflected lights from the earth's surface. But to those who saw them, the atmospheric condition it's a wonderful story to tell the world.


- page 35 -

