Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
2 February 65 05/0136

2. LOCATION
Wyandotte, Michigan

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Satellite (ECHO I)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Light dimmer than bright star. Disappeared instantly.
No sound into color. Slight passed through constellation
Cassiopis. Disappeared near Gemini

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Easterly

8. PHOTOS
Yes
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
No

COMMENTS: ECHO I doing 92 over area at 81NR about 20 minutes
prior to reported time. Significant characteristic of a satellite
observation. Flight through Cassiopia ending in Gemini indicates
flight to the SE and NOT West as reported.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it up some other fast-thrust it out

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [No response]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: [No response]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Not present
b. Color: a blues white color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Will not tell

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, exhaust trails, etc. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch is present with some lines and arrows]

Additional markings at the bottom of the page include: W, E, and some other text that appears to be partially illegible.


- page 2 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   80-100 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East            e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast       f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
b. Eyeglasses       Yes   No
c. Sun glasses      Yes   No
d. Windshield       Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No

e. Binoculars       Yes   No
f. Telescope        Yes   No
g. Theodolite       Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text that appears to read: "A bright flashing light, I believe"]


- page 3 -

27. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A - - - o - - - B
OBJECT

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Yes, About 4 days later I saw a similar object in northwest same brightness and in the same location

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS     Wyandotte   Michigan
TELEPHONE NUMBER none     AGE 17     SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
Well, astronomy is my hobby

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   Some previous just
3     Feb     1965     Three Rivers Mich


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   18   First   1965
                                              Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Also I would say this same or similar object about 4 days later. This object I saw with a 4 X telescope. It was round dark and had a bright surface. I also took two pictures after it would come out good.


- page 6 -

16 February 1965

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This is in reply to your letter of February 2 in which you reported observing an object which you could not identify.

In order for the Air Force to analyze your report, the attached FTD Form 164 should be completed as fully as possible and returned to this office.
You will be advised of the findings of the Air Force.

Sincerely,

MASON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
FTD Form 164
Wyandotte, Michigan


- page 7 -

Dear Sir,

I wish to report what I consider a U.F.O. I was sitting home from a stag splash-party when I noticed a light in the west. It was moving in a west east direction. When I got home, the object was moving in the constellation Cassiopeia (Ira). Two minutes later it disappeared near Gemini.

I'm an amateur astronomer and I saw meteors before. This object was moving too slow to be a meteor or missile. I would be glad to know if you could tell me what it was.

Yours sincerely,

[Note: The signature and some other details are blacked out in the image.]


- page 8 -

Text found on the document:

Wyandotte, Mich.

FEB 9 1965

Air Mail

Project Blue Book
HQ USAF(SAC-DIT)
Washington D.C.
20330


- page 9 -

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Project Blue Book, the Air Force project on unidentified flying objects, is not classified. Attached is the current report on Blue Book which will answer the questions posed in your letter.

There are no photographs of unidentified flying objects. The photographs that have been submitted were determined to be a misinterpretation of natural or conventional objects.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Chief, Pictorial Branch
Public Information Division
Office of Information

1 Atch Report
Wyandotte, Michigan

JAN 19 1965


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

PDL 23,1964

Dear Sirs,

My name is [redacted]

I would like some information about flying saucers. I would appreciate any kind such as booklets, one or more pictures, etc.

Also I would like to know if any attempts were made to contact the U.S. P.S. and if so did any succeed?

I, if some of the information is classified, and you can't give it to me, I'll understand. I would, however, like to have all you can give me.

Your friend,
age 14


- page 11 -

Wyandotte, Michigan
2 Feb

Sara Hamt/ab/SAFOICC/T282/22 Mar 65

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Reference is made to the recent UFO report which you submitted to the Air Force for evaluation.

The object which you observed was determined by the Air Force to be the satellite, ECHO I, which was going southeast over your area on 8th Feb on the date of your reported sighting.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Public Affairs
Information Relations Division

[Redacted address]
Wyandotte, Michigan


- page 12 -

Sara Bmt/ab/SAFQIC/7282/22 Mar 65

Dear Mr.

Reference is made to the recent UFO report which you submitted to the Air Force for evaluation.

The object which you observed was determined by the Air Force to be the satellite, Echo I, which was going northwest over your area at Still PM on the date of your reported sighting.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. STALNAKER
Chief, Civil Branch
Air Intelligence Division

Wyandotte, Michigan
2 FEB 65

23 MAR 65


- page 13 -

Wyandotte, Michigan
March 13, 1965

Dear Sir,

Sometime ago I reported with
I have been writing since February
for an answer. I wrote a second
letter asking for more information
on flying saucer, and also who
you folks out about the office
I saw. I demand an answer to
these questions:

1. Who they were?
2. Do they use the moon for a view
as some do is that believe?
3. Are they from Mars? I do
why are they here?
4. Are one ever landed or attack
at jet fighters?
5. Are they friendly or hostile?

I would an answer

(signature area is blacked out)


- page 14 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Project Blue Book
Hq. U.S.A.F.
Washington D.C.

There are also two postage stamps visible, and a postmark that appears to be from March 1965. Some text appears to be blacked out or obscured on the left side of the document.


- page 15 -

March 8, 1965

Dear Sirs,

Feb 2, 1965, I reported U.F.O.

A few days later you sent me a information form to fill out. Inclosed was a letter which I would like and use that it would be noticeable if my form is not a month ago. I would like to know what you have found out. I would also like to know about U.F.O.'s a little more. I read two books written by Major Hughes, U.S.N.C. I feel it may interest me with to you again.

Sincerely,


- page 16 -

Visible text:

Wyandotte Mich

Postmark: MAR 15 1965

Addressed to:
Project Blue Book
Hq USAF-IO
Washington D.C.

There is a postage stamp with two identical images on it.


- page 17 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2 Feb 1965
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 8 20
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
                           b. Central
                           c. Mountain
                           d. Pacific
                           e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Wyandotte    Michigan
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
2   Minutes   Seconds
(Circle One): a. Certain
              b. Fairly certain
              c. Not very sure
              d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Glance at watch

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. in front of you   d. To your left
              b. in back of you    e. Overhead
              c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 19 -

