The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely from 1965, that contains a standardized form with various fields filled out. The form includes details such as the date, time, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, photos, and physical evidence. The text in the "Conclusion" field indicates that the object observed was an aircraft.

15 MARCH 65 16/0132
Lincoln, Nebraska
Civilian
About eight
Seconds
Visual-Visual
37
0 
0 No
Aircraft (?-?).
The description indicates that the object was seen between 19:30-19:36 heading south. It is described as lights that appeared to be aircraft. Distinguishing characteristics of the object are not provided.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO:
ATTENTION OF: DMAUG/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 15 Mar 65, Lincoln, Nebraska

TO: Commander
Lincoln Air Force Base, Nebraska

1. Reference the attached UFO report dated 16 Mar 65, reporting an unidentified flying object observed on 15 Mar 65, Lincoln, Nebraska. Report indicates that this object was sighted observed by Lincoln AFB IF 69, and was a scheduled weather balloon.

2. If an evaluation has not been made, request your base check both unidentified and sighting records as soon as the time of sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER

MARTIN D. CAMPBELL, Colonel
Deputy for Operations
Directorate of Science and Components

15 MAR 65

TO: Major Frederick W. Yancy, 1406 Lincoln Apt., Lincoln AFB, Nebr., 68210
ATTN: Colonel Smith, Technology Division (DMAUG/UFO), AMD-Atlanta-1-65
L 151 2nd (CECO)

1. At the request of Colonel Smith, Technology Division (DMAUG/UFO), he has reviewed the sighting report on the UFO sighted on 15 Mar 65 at Lincoln AFB. There was a scheduled weather balloon release between 1925 and 1935 on 15 Mar 65.

2. It is the opinion of Colonel Smith that the sighting reported can be attributed to the scheduled weather balloon and that the object observed is consistent with the characteristics of that type of equipment. There is no evidence to indicate that this was an extra-ordinary or unknown aerial phenomenon.

FOR THE COMMANDER

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document, specifically a questionnaire used for research purposes.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object that you saw. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any data obtained, unless it is deemed necessary, in which case you will be notified.
1. When did you see the object? 15 MARCH 65
2. Time of day: 2:45 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? LINCOLN NEB
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No _
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Hazy c. Cloudy NIGHT a. Bright b. Hazy c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains a questionnaire with various options for the observer to select regarding their sighting.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. Few, c. Normal, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Full moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Luminous, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One) a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes, No, Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes, No, Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes, No, Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes, No, Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes, No, Don't know

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. There is no photograph included on this page. 

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
OVER HORIZON ??

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES  (NO)  Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES  NO  Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: IS
b. Color: GREY WHITE 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and see how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment, about what would the object have been covered?
NOT SURE

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
SKETCH OF OBLONG OBJECT MOVING LEFT

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, with a series of questions and checkboxes for the witness to fill out.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [ ]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [ ]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In the country side? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?  miles per hour 

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses (Yes ___ No __x_) b. Sun glasses (Yes ___ No __x_) c. Binoculars (Yes ___ No __x_) d. Window glass (Yes ___ No __x_) e. Telescope (Yes ___ No __x_) f. Theodolite (Yes ___ No __x_) g. Other (__ Yes, describe ___________)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a sketch or drawing of the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[ DESCRIPTION PROVIDED ]

- page 6 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The sketch appears to show instructions or questions related to an object or objects observed in the sky. The text accompanying the sketch provides directions for the observer to imagine a scenario and draw a picture to show the motion or arrangement of the observed objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "P" at the point where you first saw the object. Draw an arrow to show how high the object was above the horizon (by line) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS 
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day, Month, Year

- page 8 -

