PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
30 July 65 30/0615Z

2. LOCATION
Watauga, S.D.

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astro(STARS/PLANETS)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Objects appeared as round white lights like stars. One in the north and one in the NE. Objects moved up and down left and right and all over but remained in the general area. Objects were in sight for over an hour.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Over 1 Hour

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Erratic-All Directions

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

4 Witnesses

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
30    July    1965
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:
00    15
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Central    b. Standard
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other _________

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Watauga    South Dakota
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) at least one
    Hours    Minutes    Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
5.1 How was time in sight determined? We stopped for one half hour and kept them in sight
    while driving about 40 miles
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY    NIGHT
a. Bright    a. Bright    Except for a light cloud on the
b. Cloudy    b. Cloudy    northern horizon.

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky except
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds on northern horizon
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: The reason we feel it was brighter than stars is because the objects were visible through a windshield when the dome light was on. In the car and all stars were blanked out under these conditions. Some comparison could be made to a mercury yard light except the colors not as bright.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank lines]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear? One of the objects was not sighted for a short period and only one object was kept in sight during the entire period shown.

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how? One of the objects seemed to disappear into a light cloud on the northern horizon for a short period while we were parked and watching. We lost sight of one object after we started driving and finally lost sight of the other object after we passed Raleigh, North Dakota but mainly because we were tired and didn't make an attempt to keep it in sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: As noted before one object appeared to move into a cloud bank for a short period of time.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: One object could be seen again after having been in a cloud bank.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: No specific color except that shown by a bright light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
I would guess that a bright halo of light would have shown around the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. The objects were round balls of light - moved straight up, straight down, to the northwest, southeast and finally the one object remaining appeared to be travelling in a northeast direction.
On a number of occasions both objects hovered without any movement for several minutes.
On one occasion while we were parked and watching, the objects moved in on each other and as they neared each other seemed to bounce.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Speed varied but seemed to move faster when rising or descending.
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? But judging from the distance we travelled when they were first sighted to where the one object passed over us while we were traveling, YES. I would guess that when first sighted they were about 15 miles away and when you would say you saw ANY END in our atmosphere.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East sighted d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 55 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. There was no structure visible to the object. Other objects which we have seen are listed on the last page.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
This would be difficult to sketch as the objects moved in so many directions.
Previously explained in 19.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Two
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
This again would be difficult to sketch due to the length of time observed and various positions and movements but when first sighted they were positioned as follows:

I believe the higher object was the one we kept in sight the longest.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
We have seen the Zoho satellite from our former home in Fremont, Calif. about 1961
We have also seen other objects since, I will explain these under Item 35.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
- my wife
- my daughter aged 16 at the time
- my daughter aged 12 at the time
My daughter was the first to sight the object while we were driving.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Bismarck   N. Dak. 58501
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 46   SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I am a retired Aviation Ordnance Chief, U. S. Navy with 20 years service, have spent a great deal of time as an Air crew member flying both high and day. During this period of time I feel we learned to distinguish objects that would be difficult to distinguish without this experience. I retired 10/30/64 and have been an Interviewer for the North Dakota Employment Service since 11/27/64.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
1   August   1965
To officials at Air Force Detachment 10, 111 FBS, Bismarck, N. Dak. who forwarded my first report to an officer at the Minot Air Force Base, N. Dak.


- page 7 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   23     March     1966
                                                    Day     Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or narrative explanation of your sighting.

As noted before, we have also seen the Echo Satellite from our former home in Tremont, California. The Echo did not appear to be as large or as bright as the objects we sighted. In July of 1965, I sincerely believe that the objects we sighted were in our atmosphere but actual altitude was difficult to determine. I would like that while ascending the objects traveled several thousand feet in a matter of seconds and the same when descending. At the stage where they seemed to make a pass at each other, it appeared that they came within 1000 feet of each other.

On about five occasions during the months of August and September 1965, my family and I have sighted similar objects traveling at a set rate of speed from south to north and east to west from home in Blansark, N. Dak. On several of these occasions we routed the neighbors who also sighted the objects. On one occasion I called the Target Radar Station by the Air Force north of Blansark and I believe one of the men on duty sighted the same object but informed me that they did not have equipment to pick the object up on radar. I did not receive dates. On all occasions these objects passed out of sight in a short time. I am certain that none of these objects were aircraft. All were sighted at night. I believe the objects of this main report were probably lower than those sighted during the following months.

NOTE: J. Allen Hynek has requested additional information from me, if it is not corn. practical, I would appreciate it if you would forward this report to him as the answer I have given him are rather brief. I understand that Mr. Hynek is the Scientific Consultant for the Air Force's Project Bluebook.


- page 8 -

