PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
29 September 65  29/4002

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
SW

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

2. LOCATION
Carson City, Nevada

10. CONCLUSION
Other (MISSILE)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Civilian 14:04 observed amber color, initially no craft. Later sparks appeared to come from the rear end of the object. Duration of sparks was 1-2 secs, like air exhaust. Object really accelerated and that appeared to be smoke moving derived from it and trailed behind it. Wave were orange in color. No sound. Observed at 10 deg. Elevation at 70 deg. elevation. Cut-off of light was in SW. Duration 4 minutes. Call to Vandenberg confirmed inside launch at time of report.

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review
        Nov-Dec 65

Knock-out Blow at Felixstowe

UNDER the headline FELIXSTOWE GLOW- orange-coloured object above the trees, approxi-
ING OBJECT MYSTERY, the Ipswich mately 100 ft. above us. It was oval in shape,
Evening Star of September 21 carried a front-page apparently 6 ft. long, and emitting an orange
account of the alarming experience of Michael glow. It is difficult to describe it as the lane was
Johnson (22) on the evening of September 20. lit up by its glow. As the object disappeared
    "There was a high-pitched humming noise," behind the trees, the alarming noise was over.
the great orange-tinted object moved across the
sky."                                            "By this time we were wondering what had
    So ran the opening paragraph. This was seem- happened to Mike. I called to him, but he didn't
ingly a new or rare kind of UFO encounter. As answer, so I reversed the car down the lane and
Felixstowe is only 20 or so miles from Colchester, called his name again.
near where Paul Green (see previous article)     "Suddenly he emerged from the hedge clutching
found himself immobilized by the effects of a his neck and eyes, stumbling away from the car. I
mystery aerial object at a range of about one mile, thought he was having a game with us, but when
the case is of more than passing interest. In this he collapsed in the road, and I went over to him. I
case, Dr. Finch is bound by his professional found he was unconscious. Mavis and I took him
code not to divulge any information he gains from to Felixstowe Hospital.
hospitals, but he has been in touch with Geoffrey      "At the hospital he came round, in a con-
Maskey, the 25-year-old driver of the car in which fused state, mumbled almost the whole and the
three young people had been out for the evening. night 'getting' him. He did not seem to recognise
    Mr. Maskey's account is slightly more significant either Mavis or me. The doctor examined him,
than that published in the Evening Star. Says Mr. and told us he had experienced a severe shock. We
Maskey:                                          noticed some burn marks on the back of his neck,
    "At approximately 10.30 p.m., I was parked in and I also felt a small bump under the skin just
Walton Avenue, Felixstowe, with two friends, below his right ear. The doctor didn't know what
Mavis Forster and Michael Johnson. We were to make of it.
taking together when suddenly Michael made a      "I was not allowed to see him at the Ipswich
heavy exit from the car. I thought this most pecu- hospital that evening, but saw him the following
liar, as he didn't say where he was going.        afternoon when he was discharged. He spoke then
    "Several minutes passed while we were waiting about a 'man in the flames pointing at him', and
for him, and then suddenly we heard a weird light also stated that some force seemed to have
pitched humming noise, almost like something pulled him from the car.
from a science fiction film. Mavis was terrified at (continued on page 27)

20 Sep 65
Felixstowe, England


- page 2 -

PAGE 4 RUNNING 14

2,900' 360 DEGREE 20 KNOTS
3,700' 354 DEGREE 25 KNOTS
5,100' 360 DEGREE 45 KNOTS
66,000' NOT AVAILABLE

(3) NONE
(4) 25 TO 30
(5) 1/12 AT 3600'
(6) NONE
(7) SFC 35 DEGREE CG PAST 5 HR AV 1 DEGREE C
    GEM PLUS 17 DEGREE C
    1KM PLUS 5 DEGREE C
    1.5KM MINUS 4 DEGREE C
    2KM MINUS 13 DEGREE C
    3.5KM MINUS 36 DEGREE C
    5.5KM MINUS 68 DEGREE C

H. SMALL DUST DEVIL SIGHTED AT APPROXIMATELY 21632 NM QUAD 4 MILES FROM VANCE AFB.

I. NONE

J. NUMEROUS FORMATION FLIGHTS IN LOCAL AREA.

K. BASE OPERATIONS OFFICER: OBSERVER IS CONSIDERED RELIABLE BY


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

9 AUG 65 20 562

1-4 ETC (UFO)

RK ROGERS
DE RUTGERS 035 2211+53
2ND UUUUU
R 382235
FM 357TH FLYING VANCE AFB OKLA
TO RUOHQ/ADGENT COLO
RUTFLVA/STN AIR DIV RICHARDS-SECAUG
RUODSRA/SG (FOREIGN TECH DIV) UPDAFE
RUOSHA/SAFIO WASHINGTON DC
RUOSHA/SAFIO WASHINGTON DC

BT
UNCLAS PT-02 22212 AIR 55
REFERENCE OUR CONFIDENTIAL MESSAGE PT-02 22212.
DOWNGRADE TO UNCLASSIFIED. ADD OBSERVER REQUEST
NAME BE WITHHELD TO ITEM F.

BT

CEN-53

1-4 ETC(UFO)


- page 4 -

PAGE 5 RUNNING 15
PREPARING OFFICER, PERSONS INTERVIEWED AS TO CREDIBILITY OF
OBSERVER ARE ALSO CONSIDERED RELIABLE IN THEIR JUDGMENT. THE
PREPARING OFFICER BELIEVES THERE ARE TWO POSSIBLE EXPLANATIONS
FOR THE UFO SIGHTING: (A) THE OBJECTS COULD HAVE BEEN A
FORMATION OF AIRCRAFT CIRCLING AT GREAT DISTANCE FROM THE OBSERVER
OR (B) THE SIGHTING MAY BE EXPLAINED AS BRIGHT OBJECTS CAUGHT IN A
SMALL WHIRLWIND AND KEPT ALOFT BY HOT GASES (90+ DEGREE C) GENERATED
BY OIL REFINERY SMOKE STACKS LOCATED IN THE AREA OVER WHICH THE UFOS
WERE REPORTED. AN INTERVIEW WITH THE OIL REFINERY SUPERINTENDENT
REVEALED THAT LARGE CHUNKS OF FOAM ARE OCCASIONALLY BLOWN INTO
THE AIR FROM REFINERY COOLING TANKS. ACCORDING TO THE SUPERINTENDENT, IT IS ALSO POSSIBLE THAT DEBRIS COULD EMIT FROM A 212° SMOKE
STACK IN THE REFINERY COMPLEX. CONTACT WITH PILOTS OF AIRCRAFT
ALOFT AT THE TIME OF SIGHTING REVEALED NO EVIDENCE OF UFOS.
CONSULTATION WITH VANCE AFB WEATHER FORECASTERS REVEALED NO
BALLOONS WERE RELEASED IN THE AREA; FORECASTERS ALSO STATED THERE
WAS NO UNUSUAL METEOROLOGICAL ACTIVITY AT THE TIME. CONTACT
WITH TOWER OPERATOR AT VANCE AFB REVEALED SIGHTING OF SMALL
DUST DEVIL 4 MILES NW OF VANCE AFB AT SIGHTING TIME. SPOKESMAN
OF THE ACAM SITE AT TINKER AFB REVEALED NO UNUSUAL SIGHTINGS OVER
ENID AT THE TIME.
BT


- page 5 -

At 8:05 on July 31, 1965 Wynnewood police officer, reported an unidentified flying object NE of approximately 30-350 simultaneously radar fixes were obtained by Tinker AFB, Oklahoma City, and Carswell AFB, Fort Worth, Texas.

Officer observed the object with his wife for approximately 10 minutes in front of their home, then officer drove across town and observed the object for three more minutes. His wife watched the object until almost 21:30AM.

An "intelligent control" was indicated during the first 10 minutes of observation when the object abruptly gained 1000-1500 ft in altitude (estimated by to be 10,000 ft, confirmed by radar at 8,000ft). The object remained stationary for several minutes and abruptly lost approximately 1500-2,000 ft. The object then moved to the West for approximately 1000-1500ft and returned to the original location. At which time the object moved to the East for approximately 1000-1500 ft then returned to its original position. (Drawing A)

The night sky was clear and many stars were visible. The object appeared to be about three times as bright as the evening star. The UFO was estimated to be 5 or more miles NE of Officer and appeared as a "light" source. The object itself was white with a blue-green center, with a red rotating light circling the center (Drawing B).

At approximately 1:15 officer drove across town and once again observed the object at approximately 1:30. His wife reported that the object (while he was gone) seemed to change colors, and shapes and fade out. Both Tinker AFB and Carswell AFB, tracked the object to a point 15 miles southwest of Tinker when it disappeared. A few minutes later, it was tracked to a location 29 miles south of Tinker when it was lost again. A Beechcraft airliner.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

in the vicinity of Wynnewood at 5,000 ft was notified but the airline pilot said no visual contact with the object was made.

Officer [redacted] mother, Mrs. [redacted], also watched the object for a short time. She also reported that the object faded out.

Drawing A
control

gained 1800-1500
8,000 ft
Object
loss 500 ft

Drawing B
Object

red rotating light
Blue-green fade out as it neared center

white

Drawing C
location

Oklahoma City
Midwest City, Tinker AFB

radar tracking
Norman
Purcell
Pauls
Valley
Wynnewood

observation line


- page 7 -

HGUFO INVESTIGATES -

I first learned of the Wynnewood sighting at 9105 when [redacted] called and wanted to know what all I knew.
Within an hour [redacted] and I were on our way. We arrived at the Wynnewood Police station and talked
with the chief of police who showed me the first information
he had received from [redacted] in the form of the notation
he had observed a U.F.O. and reported it to Tinker AFB. Prior
to talking with the chief of police I had called [redacted].
[redacted] another of the chief of police who stated that they had no
comment and that a report had been sent to Tinker. The chief
of police suggested that we go over to [redacted] house
and talk with him. He gave us directions. When we arrived
a reported from Ada, Oklahoma was talking to [redacted]
wife. I outside. I intruded myself and was told that I
could not be disturbed. I told them I had the official
A. reporting forms and that all my information would be turned
over to you. I was permitted to enter the home and talked
for about 2 1 hours. While I was there the telephone rang
about 10 times. They had received calls from New York, Conn.
and Tulsa. While I was there a reported from the Sunday Oklahoman
called, when he was told no information we asked if I had been
there and I talked with him. He asked me to call him as soon
as I returned to Oklahoma City. They wanted NO publicity at all.
[redacted] did not want to return to work (works the night
shift six [redacted] a rank) because anyone would know where
he was. He has been with the force for about a year. Before
coming to Wynnewood he was a [redacted] in Arizona. They first
believed the object to be a aircraft. He has served in the Navy
and Army and was showed a UFO film that stated the Navy did not
know what the objects were and to report all objects that they
might observe. He knew of the Utah and Montana filing, but not
much about the UFO file in general. At first he could not talk
at all. After I told him about the HGUFO and the recent flap
of sightings, my trip to Wright-Patterson AFB, and general information he was most cooperative. I am out of sighting forms so
the answers to the 24 questions are as follows.


- page 8 -

1. July 31, 1963
2. 2:05 AM
3. Central Time
4. Wynnewood, Oklahoma
5. First observed at 1:05. Last sighted at approximately 21:30.
5l. His wife sighted the object continuously, he did not.
52. Watch
6. Night- very clear
7.
8. Stars- C
    Moon- crescent
9. Clouds-A
    Weather-Clear night with no clouds
10. D
11. 3 times as bright
11.1. Evening star (3 times as bright)
12. B
13. a yes
    b no
    c.no
    d.no
    e.no
    f.yes
    b yes   ( his wife said yes, he said no)
14. Faded out and reappeared
15. No
16. No
17. Sound-None
    Color- white-red and blue-green
18.
19. See drawing B
20. No
21. estimated to be some 5x8 miles from observer
22. b & c
23. b & c
24. D
24.2 20-25 mph
24.3 yes for about three minutes
25. all no
26. You should receive the two page typed report (which I read)
    soon if not all ready.
27. Object was at 30° for point A & B
    Object was at 90-350° for point A & B


- page 9 -

29 See drawing-A
29. No
30. No
31. year-wife, mother observed from house
32. Wynnewood, Oklahoma
Telephone Wynnewood exchange

Age 29, Male, white
33. Object was reported to the Murray County Sheriff's Office who
reported it to the Oklahoma Highway Patrol.
34. Information complicated by HOUFO July 31, 1985. Photos
of the area were obtained by [illegible]


- page 10 -

We arrived back in Oklahoma City at 3:00 at stopped at the Oklahoma publishing company and talked with Mr. Frank Garner ( who I had talked to on the telephone when he called Wynnewood) He stated at Mr. Wayne Mackey, State Editor of the Ok homa has observed and object at 3:00 on the afternoon of July 30. He compared them to the 1952 Coast Guard photo. Will find out more about this one later. I was home at 8:05 and called Mike Buchanan KWTV Ch. 9 Oklahoma City and let him know what I knew which was already on the streets. At 7:00 Mr. V Domick New Director WKY- (NBC) TV called and wanted a interview for the 10:00 news. He stated that he wanted to get together next week to do a feature story (he said slow) about the TIOTFO and the recent sighting. His photographer left about 7:15. At 10:30 a John Otto ) something like that called. He was representing KVOO Tulsa, Oklahoma, and they wanted an interview Sunday at 11:30. About 30 minutes before he called Phill Erdberg called and wanted an interview for Monday at 8:00 with photos. He is an AP writer. I have have seven or reports of 1950's over Oklahoma in the past two weeks. I will send all the information I have as soon as I get them in order. It appears that this object was also sighted over Oklahoma City on Wednesday July 21, 1965 at approximately 3:30. Color shaped and maneuvers are the same. Receive this report the 23th.

The bottom of the page contains some handwritten text, but it is partially obscured and illegible.


- page 11 -

Oklahoma City  110080  August 1 & 2

Information received from the Oklahoma Highway Patrol at the OHP tower Oklahoma City:

Since 3:08 pm the OHP tower received in the neighborhood of 25-30 visual sightings many by police and highway patrol troopers of various UFOs from Purcell area North thru the Norman Area to Chandler and back South through Meeker and Shawnee. (all in Okla)

Three Shawnee officers and their Capt have four of the objects in sight at this time, also another has a cropped Y up from the South of Tecumseh and is apparently going to Ely directly over Shawnee.

The sightings vary from one to four objects, starting, stopping, in a reddish color and varying to a white and blue luster. Shawnee reports the object seem to be flying in a diamond type formation.

CUSHING has reported four of the objects, two to the South of Cushing and two "the West flying in a Southerly direction. OHP units 30 and 40 have also made visual sightings. Mrs Bill Tipton 1½ miles West of Davenport on US 66 watched an object which was described as reddish on the bottom and white on the top hover for 15 minutes and move off to the West. Tinker AFB 1 to 4 on radar and they advise they are flying very high, approximately 22,000 which seems to coincide with the visual altitude. All very high.

TULSA Weather. Visibility 15 miles. Temp. 78° Wind North - MPH.

UFOs reported at 9:50 over Guthrie going towards Shawnee. ROBERT Sheriff Department report multi-colored object with legs over Altus AFB. Carl Broadfoot, Liberal Kansas reported seeing a UFO 15 miles East of Forgan at 9:20pm headed in a South East Direction.

Highway Patrol said the same object was over fire minutes later. CHICKASHA reported a UFO off radio station KVCO, Cia Clark police dispatcher, C.V. Sarahill police patrolman, verified the sighting. MOORE UFO going South on Interstate 35, reported by Joe Wagner 1415 Lakecrest, Norman, Oklahoma at 10:00 pm. Mr Allen Smith 4719 S. 29 West, TULSA reported at 10:25 pm, himself and dad sighted a red & blue object west of Tulsa, traveling in a North to South Direction. The UFO was round with a red light that keep going off and on. Est. 8-10,000 ft. Not on radar Tulsa.

Police officer watching two green and red things approx. 2 miles South of Sand Springs.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE:
SOURCE:

(continued from Page 4)

"This is as much as I can tell you at the moment.

Dr. Finch comments:
Several interesting points emerge from this episode. We have an example of 'selective attraction'. Why, we ask, was it only Michael Johnson and not the others who appeared to be attracted to the object?

Again, the other two sitting in the car appear to have an emanating force field; again, the effect of the force field appears remarkable in the fact that according to its intensity (or distance from source), so the effect varies from simply peripheral nerve paralysis to major interruption of cerebration, resulting in loss of consciousness, shock and loss of memory.

This case should be compared with the Colchester case (Paul Green), also the Valensole case which you tell me will be dealt with in detail in this issue of the review, and the Brazilian areas.

Footnote
It should be remembered that, according to the newspaper account, the case was considered the explanation given by Mr. May and Miss Foster for the mysterious effects was that of a "magnetic field" or "magnetic storm" which might have caused the reported phenomena. This their learned veterinarian.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

Mr. Jesse Upchurch of Marshall Oklahoma called and advised that from 9:30-9:38 PM. he his wife and two children observed a reddish ball of fire turn to blue than to white, traveling in a westerly direction pretty high. Traveled the ground and disappeared out of sight. Appeared as a large house.

LOWTON reported that a former pilot stated he saw one object North of Ft. Sill which was red and blue and silver in color traveling North about 25,000 ft and was not a plane. Ft. Sill could not pick it up on radar. Time Approxi: 9:30PM. The residents of the ERICK area report that approx 9:00 PM and elongated object with fire coming from the rear, was very high and traveling East in a West Direction. The object was brighter than most meteors.

H.C. Neil(newspaper Edmond Oklahoma) and Joe Cobb Edmond police reported at 10:20PM two objects West of HARRAH Oklahoma. They were very high and "doing maneuvers". The two UFOs were red-white and blue and were joined by two red and blue objects.

OHP Unit 40 advised the object is over his residence 3 miles South of Lindsey at 10,000 feet has red blinking light in the middle green light on one end blue light on other end and a white light is traveling North over 78 at very fast rate of speed. Sub. Roddy Smith, Smart Motel Hardesty UFO 16 miles East and 10 East Sol Bryans Courace.

Object came to a complete stop. Exploded then drifted off in flames. OHP time: 22:20 YOKON Oklahoma. Sub. Bobby Stigor reported a UFO North over Oklahoma City A round flashing light was on top and the object seemed to hoover. UFO North from PAUL VALLEY, reported low to the ground 10:35 UFO reported north of STRATFORD Oklahoma. OHP unit 140 sighted UFO 3 miles south of LINSEY Oklahoma blinking light, the middle was green on one end and blue on the other end. North over highway 78 at a very fast rate of speed.

10:52 Radio Tech. OHP Kenneth Fields, 3920 N.W. 33 OKC reported a red-white and blue UFO going West at approx 20,000 ft. One to the West moving to the East. One UFO to the East moving South. Two 1900 sighted 11:05 still visible at 11:08 West South West of Norman, Oklahoma, very high going North-North East. UFO changed colors Red-white and blue, was very high and small. MOORE police observing the UFO. Jim Swatic a Journal (Oklahoma City) photographer on Interstate 40 and Stroud Rd observing a UFO overhead. Photo was taken but nothing appeared on the film. Oklahoma Highway Headquarters called at 11:07 have approx 20 of UFO reported to


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-3-

them. 11:50 UFO South West of Tulsa over Sapulpa Oklahoma. Sub. 
Dan Gardaz, Valley Inn Motel Rm 222.  "Stationary for 10 minutes. 
11:58 UFO directly over EL RENO, Oklahoma. 1200 Midnight. 
UPI Dallas reported thousands of UFO reports over Oklahoma.

12:01 UFO over EL Reno. Sighted by OHP unit 54 over YUKON, 
North flashing red-white-and blue-green. Also sighted from 
OHP towal NORMAN. This was UFO I watched with six officers 
for a little over an hour. Details later. UFO reported over 
Northwest Oklahoma City, 28th & May Ave as well as by the water 
tower at Nickle Hills. EL R~no UFO now 300 ft moving East. 

CUSHING Oklahoma two police officers see two UFOs one is 2 
miles NE of Baid and two are North West of Baid. 

12:39 two OHP units watching 2 UFOs were high. PAWNES 12:40 
2 UFOs North of Cushing red-white-and blue. 12:42 ARDMORE 
residents report several UFO over the city. FAA has them on 
radar. 12:00-12:10 Sub. Willow Nations 503 Moringside Norman 
reports two miles East Parte and Lisney roads Norman, Oklahoma. 
Overhead-flashing blue-at top white in the middle. Radio station 
reported talk talking with the Patagos. 1:05 PAWNES unit 22 
reports 1 UFO moving North CUSHING advise two UFOs, one moved 
NE and one West of Stillwater. 1:13 UFO reported NE of EDMOND 
it came up fast stopped, hovered and a red roating light. 1:22 
UFO over McAlester, 1:24 WEWOKA, 1:25 North od DURANT. Same description. 
1:29, WEWOKA Police reports UFO at 2,000 ft. red-green and blue, 
moving Eastward. 1:30 Shawnee star like object flashing red-light 
1:34 Tinker PIO officer talked with OHP tower. Home phone PB 
75158. Stated Air Force investigating. 1:36 Tulia, Texas reports 
UFO were observed with telescopes and appeared to be turtle shaped. 
Was confirmed on radar at Conley AFB, Waco Texas. 1:40 North & 
East of McAlester. UFO over head. 1:45 UFO North of COALGATE moving 
up and down and little to the East about 4,000. OHP unit 32 at 
McAlister stated two UFOs WEWOKA police has two going towards 
Arkansas. VINITA Hgts. reports UFO hovering at 5,000 to-1000 
above Miami. Will Roger turnpike gate attendants reports sighting 
UFO near Miami. 1:49 I UFO over Sapula circling moving up and 
down and back to the original stop. 1:50 PERKIN AFB Texas unable 
to locate UFO visible from Control tower at approx 3,000 ft. 
UFO reported North of COALGATE, Oklahoma. 2:00 UFO West of 
EUFAULA at 2000-5000 ft. 2:13 northeast of EDMOND also 
sighted by Shawnee police. Four officers report plane chasing 
UFO.


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-4-

PAWNEE '2:23 Police cars and members of a light plant watching
a UFO approx 5 miles Northeast of Pawnee which suddenly took off
a a high rate of speed. 2:25 McAlester HQTs report 3 UFOs appear
near Eufaula. Also near Stigler, a due East of McAlester. All
appear stationary then moved NW at a high rate of speed, out of
site. 2:06 UFO NNE of NEWOKA. East elv. 100-150° and 250-300° from
North, hovering watched with field glasses and not a plane. 2:09
Kansas report a lot of UFO sightings. 2:53 many UFOs sighted
East of Shawnee. 3:14 Sulpa reported to Tinker UFO on the ground.
3:19 FAA man at Will Rogers talking with Washington. 3:35 A lot
of persons around the Pole Cat Creek Bridge on US 75 A between
Sapulpa and Keifer said that a UFO landed in the area and it looked
like a large light about 50-75 ft across. The object was oblong.
Supula advise photographer and Deputy Sheriff was enroute. Something
had landed grass was depressed and something had been walking around.

I then left the OHP tower which is located at Edmond, or 14 miles
North of Oklahoma. OHP dispatcher up to 12:00 was a Jim West and
Bill Delbert. I went by the OHP District One office and talked
with OHP dispatcher Wilber Jones. Then then went to the Oklahoma
police station who had called me while I was at the tower and
asked if I wanted them to keep a record. I picked up the following
information. THERE was more, but this was all I was given.

OKPOLICE R, cards
Sub. Curt Austin 613 NW Lweltgum phone SU 94448 at 10:03 pm Red-
blue-and white, Egg shaped traveling East at 22,000 ft.
Sub. Kenneth Stewart # 10 South Braia ,CE 83352 UFO white & red
hovering and round Time 10: 04
Sub. Johnny Stagling ,1400 NE 10, CE 57170 Round UFO disappeared to
the East, was blue thea white, 10:10 pm.
Sub. Herb Ford, 1312 Overbrook D., 10:21 p 3300 NE 16, 4 UFO changing
position Blue to red.
Sub. Mr. Blagon 2300 SW, 9Mecsae Binkley NE 48479 sighted at 10:23
over Tinker Field & Will Rogers Field. White over red at 20,000 ft.
Sub. Betty Cutshall 805 Asher, Pa 73280 round and red in the
South part of the city at 10:33 p.

I got home for the first time at 5:30 by six the phone was ringing
I was on the telephone from 8 -11:30 Monday Night 16 hours straight.
Was interviewed by all Oklahoma City Radio stations as well as all
TV station. KCBS Los Angeles called three times on a was a


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-6-

25 minute conference called with them, HOUFO (me) and NICAP Headquarters Washington. Long Island, New York called and took at 25 minute interview for some newspaper. I was up at 6:30 and received calls all day again. Reports and interviews.

At 7:30 in the evening Radio and TV station WKY had a Saucer Watch party and I was the featured speaker. We sighted many Airplanes but no UFOs. Many of the calls we received reported UFOs that we could identify (since WKY is NW of the city) as airplanes. Over 2,000 persons were there. That was the largest aud. I have talked before. It was over at 10:00 p.m. I was home by 11:15 via have two four inch telescopes. The reports are still coming in. It is now 9:00 Wednesday Morning.

The enclosed fragments were received Sunday night from a boy who had received them July 30 from a boy from Texas. A large UFO went over their car and broke up. These fragments a large UFO went over their car and broke up. These fragments his the car. The boy who saw the UFO was WKY. The boy did not know the box who found them are just where he found them. We have been unable to locate the boy. There is 2x in my opinion a 99 % chance there is nothing to the story but that 1 % is the reasons I am sending them. We have a lab in Oklahoma City working on it now. (all day yesterday. The fragments are radioactive and highly magnetic. (As you can tell.) It appears they are magneticit. This is the only evidence that has been offered at all. Will send you what the lab hear says. Working on two good leads. If they are true, these are from space.

NEWSPAPER COVERAGE

Oklahoma City Oklahoma Publishing Company 500 North Broadway
Oklahoma City - The Daily Oklahoman (Morning) &

The Oklahoma City Times, (evening)

OCT for July 31, 1965 page 1 Wynewood sightings
OCT for July 31, 1965 page 1 Late home addition mostly same information.
The SAGA Sunday Oklahoma. Page 1 early addition, page 19 home addition. August 1, 1965
The Daily Oklahoman August 2, 1965 page 1
The Oklahoma Journal August 2, 1965 page 1, (published once a day)
OCT August 2, 1965 evening home page 2
OCT August 2, 1965 evening home page 1
Daily Oklahoman August 3, 1965 page 1
Oklahoma Journal August 3, 1965


- page 17 -

Oklahoma Journal 7430 SE 15th Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
OCT August 3, page 2 & page 11
OCT August 3, home addition page 1
Oklahoma Journal August 4, 1965 page 1
The Daily Oklahoma August 4, 1965 page 1

TV Stations
WKY 500 E. Britton Ave. Oklahoma City
KWTV 7401 N. Kely, Oklahoma City
KOCO 3705 NW 63, Oklahoma
KTEN Ads, Oklahoma
KVOO (?) Tulsa
All had film interviews

Radio Stations
WKY 500 E. Britton Ave, Oklahoma City
WNAD University of Oklahoma, Norman
KOTK 1800 W. Main, Oklahoma City
KOMA SW Oklahoma City, (MOORE Oklahoma)
KGCT 161 NE 28th, Oklahoma City
KLPR 600 SE 79, Oklahoma City
K100 108 N.W. 9, Oklahoma City.
There are a few more stations in the city but these were the only
one that called me.

AP office 500 North Broadway, Oklahoma City
UPI office: 3601 Lincola, Oklahoma
Oklahoma Highway patrol headquarters and tower and well as the police
also received reports.


- page 18 -

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
SOUTHWEST REGION
P.O. Box 1689
Fort Worth, Texas 76101

October 21, 1965

Project Blue Book
Headquarters, FTD (TD-EW/UFO)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Dear Sgt. Moore:

Thank you very much for your assistance concerning the recent UFO activity in Oklahoma. Your explanations certainly helped clarify my understanding of how the Air Force handles the program.

As you will note in the attached letter, I simply advised the NICAP that no FAA radar tracked UFOs on the date and location referred to in their letter.

Thanks again for your cooperation.

Sincerely yours,
K. K. Jones
Public Affairs Officer

Enclosure


- page 19 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

On 14 Oct 65, K. K. Jones, Carswell AFB from Ft. Worth, Texas called.
He stated that he had gotten a letter from NICAP. He requested
information on the Tinker Air Force Base radar returns.

On 15 Oct 65 K. K. Jones from Carswell AFB, Ft. Worth, Texas called.
He requested additional information on the Tinker Air Force Base
radar returns.


- page 20 -

October 15, 1965
SW-5

Mr. Richard Hall
Acting Director
National Investigations Committee
on Aerial Phenomena
1536 Connecticut Ave., N. W.
Washington, D. C. 20036

Dear Mr. Hall:

Your recent letter addressed to the Federal Aviation Agency's Public Relations Office in Washington has been referred to this office for reply. Inadvertently placed with other material in my office being held for action in October, For this reason, please accept my apology for this late reply to your letter.

The article enclosed with your letter from the St. Louis POST DISPATCH reported a radar tracking of an unidentified object in the vicinity of Wynnewood, Oklahoma on July 31, 1965, by two military installations. Reports received by this office indicate that no UFOs were tracked by Federal Aviation Agency radar on the date and at the location referred to in your letter.

The news article from the St. Louis POST DISPATCH is returned.

Sincerely yours,
K. E. Jones
Public Affairs Officer

Enclosure:
KJones:sfa:SW-5::207:10-15-65
cc: SW-500
Fort Worth ARTCC
FTW-500


- page 21 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE
ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
WASHINGTON 6, D.C.

August 25, 1965

Federal Aviation Agency
Public Relations Office
New York Avenue
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

Based on the enclosed clipping detailing UFOs
(unidentified flying object) tracked on radar at
Tinker Air Force Base and Cannon Air Force Base,
can you tell me whether FAA also tracked UFOs on
July 3, 1965 in the vicinity of Winnemucca, Oklahoma?

Your help in this matter will be appreciated.

Sincerely yours,
Richard Hall
Acting-Director

RH
Encl:1


- page 22 -

1965 JULY 31

UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT
SIGHTED OVER OKLAHOMA

OKLAHOMA CITY, July 31 (AP) - A mysterious object was sighted early today. I will try to find out how the object was first spotted and find it accurately for a red, blue and white light.

I received the incident to the California Highway Patrol. Unidentified Flying Object at Oklahoma City was reported by several persons. The object was over Government installations, Under officials and the Air Traffic was authorized to give in the first.

Fort Worth, Tex., also located the object from radar and both tracker and Control tracked the object in a point 15 miles south of Tulsa or Tulsa at which time it was tracked from both radar and visual sightings. After a few minutes time and tracked it a point 29 miles south of Tulsa where it again disappeared, it was not tracked.


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

ENGLAND
Ovalloid object
of Sussex

A Sussex reader who writes to maintain anonymity has sent the following graphic account of a sighting which he made on September 20, 1965, at about 1 p.m.:

NEAR Beach, Selsey, Sussex, close to the sea, on a very warm, brilliant afternoon. It was very clear, and the air very still. The tide was low, far out across the flat beach. No wind except the very lightest breeze. The horizon was level. I was on the top of a rise. I was alone. I had observed at empty sky as I walked there, that being my job as an artist. There were no clouds . . . closed my eyes for a minute only, to shut out the glare. When I opened my eyes, looking up at an angle of 45 degrees. It was then, with a start, that I saw it—perhaps half a mile out to sea—perhaps half a mile up—perhaps 400 feet above ground level. Cylindrical shape moving at about 100 m.p.h. or more. I gauged the speed from the fact that in took some 30 seconds to travel the 11 miles or more to a point off Selsey Bill.

Not a sound anywhere, for the gulls had vanished, to return immediately afterwards when I could compare the brilliant sunlight full on their white wings with the dull grey of this object in flight on that machine. The machine, if that is what it was, was clearly defined everywhere except for a slight hazy area underneath. A faint, wispy cloud was pouring out behind, but clearly defined as passing quite close to its stern. The object had no fins—or gondola, as with normal airships. It had already passed my centre of vision and moved swiftly away southward, turning a shade away out to sea, when I caught at that moment a brilliant flash of something.

"There was no one else to see it, except a house painter working away behind me, and he had his back to the sea. Later a courageous local and his wife came forward, telling a neighbour about a sighting to one month later, she and that a Farnham girl had reported a sighting to the local press at about the same time, so I was not the only one on that island to my left side, and so not have been visible as I walked down to the beach. Well, it might have been a new secret atomic-powered aircraft, but it was absolutely silent, and it was certainly real."

A well-known local figure and director of local firm, our informant stated that he was quite clear about the phenomenon yet, could offer no natural explanation.

Date and location: 20 Sep 65, Sussex, England


- page 24 -

OKLAHOMA RESEARCH ASSOCIATION
Division of
INTERPLANETARY INTELLIGENCE OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
I.I.O.U.F.O.
Publishers of "The Interplanetary Intelligence Report"
International Headquarters: 3605 W. Eubanks                Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
Research Laboratory: 3300 N. Bryant
                                                                        August 4, 1965

In Reply refer to: D-13387

Major Hector Quintanilla
PTD Box 9404
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Enjoyed our telephone conversations. Maybe the enclosed information will be of some help. I realize that most of the information is incomplete but Sunday night was nothing but confusion.

I will send you the Oklahoma Highway Patrol Log of what was reported by their unit. It is from my notes enclosed. The news papers give most of the information but not all. For additional information I have enclosed the names and address of the different news media in the Oklahoma City area that also were interested.

I am beginning to receive mail from my our members giving dates and observations. St. Petersburg July 27 & 28 the same objects sighted by many.

We investigated a report of fragments that came from a UFO over Texas. One enclosed. The Oklahoma Civil Defense (Director is friend) made the test. It was radioactive but too toxic to test. Will send you the spectrographic analysis. Taped interview with NBC radio news New York. Should be aired this week end.

Will keep you posted. Please let me know anything you can as soon as possible. I need if possible 100 sighting forms. (for the Oklahoma highway. Patrol and police observations. NOT the fun sighters.)

It is my opinion that many of the sightings in our area are stars and planes but NOT all of them. There maybe 25-50 good fact sightings. The others are all in my opinion sensation seekers.

Very truly yours,
[Signature]
Howard C. Meves
Director, I.I.O.U.F.O.
International Headquarters


- page 25 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.F.O. article
THE RALEIGH TIMES, Wednesday, August 4, 1965

Midwesterners Tell
Of Mystery Objects

OKLAHOMA CITY (UPI)—Hundreds of UFO sightings, which have varied some police departments so much they have created general alarm, are being investigated by Air Force bases.

Typical of the reports were claims they saw stars or planets.

A 32-year-old Sioux City, Iowa high school English teacher said he saw a flashing object and that "anyone who would look at the sky would see their lights."

The teacher, who would not give his name, said the spotted the phenomenon when he and his wife were driving near their car. Sometimes the objects were described as flying saucers, sometimes as zigzagged slightly. It was reported in Los Angeles.

Naleen E. Malaby, former FAA Agency (FAA) said the crash of reports may signal a new "American mythology."

"Reports of such 'objects' have increased during August and September. It may be that the long, hot summer that was productive of the imagination," he said in Los Angeles.

Coupled with the Air Force's statement that most sightings were probably natural phenomena, some police departments so much alarm that some people took issue with the Air Force bases.

The Air Force contends most of the sightings were probably natural phenomena.

It was the fourth consecutive try to hear an airplane engine.


- page 26 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a small town or village landscape. The scene shows several buildings, some trees, and what looks like a utility pole in the foreground. The image has a grainy, vintage quality typical of mid-20th century photography. The buildings are clustered together, suggesting a residential or small town setting. The landscape appears to be somewhat sparse, with open areas between the structures. No text is visible in this image.


- page 27 -

The text I can read on this document is:

I.L.Q.F.O.

There appears to be a sketch or drawing of an elongated object (possibly a UFO) in the center of the page. Some additional text is partially visible but not fully legible.


- page 28 -

There is no legible text in this image. The photograph appears to be a black and white image of an old wooden house or building with a peaked roof, horizontal wood siding, and what looks like a porch or covered entryway. There are some trees or vegetation visible around the structure, and the foreground shows some grass or ground area.


- page 29 -

Here is the text I can read from the image:

Holligan Attachment
Photograph

I.I.G.U.F.O.

The image appears to show a hand-drawn or sketched UFO object, which looks somewhat like a saucer or disc-shaped craft with a slight elongation.


- page 30 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AUTO INS!
FOR QUALIFIE

5/10/5 Liability
GEORGE W
INSURANCE A

PRINCE APPEARS
NORRKOEPING, Sweden (UPI) - Crown Prince Carl
Gustaf of Sweden, 18-year-old heir to the Swedish throne,
Sunday made his first official appearance as representative
of King Adolf, his grandfather.

The Oklahoma Journal
7430 SE 15th St. - Box 5839
OR 7-0521
Oklahoma City, Okla. 73113

MOVING?
Call frank for a free estimate of moving costs. It
will be competitive. You
can always depend on
Stone's courteous service.
Call Frank at CE 9-2535

STONE TRANSFER 2
1703 Linwood

MOVING SINCE 1910

ANOTHER
GOOD REASON
... TO HAVE YOUR CHECKING A
AT CENTRAL NATIONAL BANK

HANDY BANK-BY-MAIL SERVICE
... saves hours of time and lots of ene

Just sit at home - or in your office - and
your deposit to Central National. Then
checks to pay your bills - and mail them
job's all done in a few minutes.

You'll enjoy the time and energy you
when you bank-by-mail and pay-by-ch

Open your account - right away!

CENTRAL NATIONAL

The rest of the text appears to be partially cut off or illegible in sections. The document contains various advertisements and news snippets, including details about Oklahoma County projects, moving services, and banking.


- page 31 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UFOs
(Continued From Page 1)

with calls from persons
sighting UFOs between 5:30
p.m. and 9:30 p.m.
The Cleveland County
sheriff's office and three of
its crew of investigators
cruised over the county
searching for the UFO about
9 p.m.

The three "sky watchers"
said the object gave off a
reddish glow. They said it
was traveling east and suddenly changed direction and
height.

The whole incident was
clouded with Monday when
Air Force officials gradually
proclaimed the everything
Sooners had seen amounted
to atmospheric conditions.

But no sooner had the Air
Force finished its "solution"
to the phenomenon than an
Oklahoma City expert pointed
out that the Pentagon had
made a mistake in its appraisal along with a prior
source of two.

It all started Saturday night
near Wynnewood when police
reported a UFO, which was
confirmed by radar at Tinker
Air Force Base and Carswell
Air Force Base, San Angelo.

Calls flooded in from eight
states, and included single
and multiple sightings from
throughout Oklahoma. But apparently, like Saturday night,
the Air Force was ready with
reports.

Sunday night the Tinker
Air Force Base security office
told the high-way Patrol four hours after
the first sightings that no
persons in Oklahoma and surrounding states had seen the
three days.

"It looked like a light
source. Dominantly white and
appeared to have a green
glow around it." Witnesses to
Hewes' viewing of the object
were six highway patrolmen
and a television cameraman.

The UFO also seemed to
be flashy, red, white and
blue lights, hovering over the
Oklahoma City area for about
an hour, Hewes said.

While others are curious
to know what or who's inside
the saucers, Hewes is a bit
more scientific about the recent blaze of unknown sky
travelers.

"They are propelled and were made of material and were made of is more
than we know," Hewes said.

Roads
(Continued From Page 1)

tion in Carter, Murray, Garvin, McClain and Cleveland
Counties.

The project, which crosses
the Arbuckle Mountains, is
estimated at $36.2 million.
Two of the state's eight
highway districts will be
given no Interstate allocations for construction
sight.

The proposed Interstate
allocations are: district one,
$41,158,000; district two, $8,015,000; district three, $8,509,000; district four $11,116,000; district five,
$7,530,000; and district six,
$3,250,000.

Allocations for projects
other than Interstate are:
district one, $6,334,000; district two, $3,125,000; district
three, $4,392,000; district
four, $3,842,000; district
five, $4,728,000; district six,
$2,134,000; district seven,
$1,500,000; and district
eight, $3,123,000.

The Oklahoma County
projects, one Interstate and
two non-Interstate, are included in the 1967 program.

Paving
(Continued From Page 1)

obligated in reference to paving for improvements at the
hospital site," Holoway
declared.

"We sold the five acres at a token price,"
Holoway said. "Certainly we were not positive of the price for paving," he said.

Jim Gregory, manager of
Atkinson's real estate interests, said, "The official plat
of the Reding Regional Community Center addition filed
June 7, 1963, shows the
same tract of land as the
Oklahoma City Planning
Commission's recommended
median strip on S. Douglas
as city park property."

"It was our understanding," he added, "that this
was one of the tracts that
were precedents under similar circumstances."

Youth
(Continued From Page 1)

So did a lot of other
Oklahomans who weren't
wishing, but just happened
to sky-gaze.

After waiting so long to
spot a UFO, Hewes first
reaction was amazement. "I
just felt a strange feeling
come over me, and found myself hoping it would come
closer.

"I guess I would have given
my eye teeth if I had landed
in front of me."

What Hewes saw is the
same or similar to objects
spotted by several thousand
persons in Oklahoma and surrounding states in the past
three days.

"It looked like a light
source. Dominantly white and
appeared to have a green
glow around it." Witnesses
were six highway patrolmen
and a television cameraman.

While others are curious
to know what or who's inside
the saucers, Hewes is a bit
more scientific about the
recent blaze of unknown sky
travelers.

"They are propelled and
were made of material
that we know of more
than we know," Hewes said.

Auto Insurance Advertisement:
5/10/5 Liability
GEORGE W.
INSURANCE AGE
Caldred Bldg.

Photograph Caption: An American wild pig, Jerry Lantz, ostrich's yellow-headed parrot.


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

Top O The Morning

The Oklahoma [partially cut off]

Vol. 1, No. 303                Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73110                7430 S.E. 15th Street - Box 5339

REPORTING UNIDENTI-
FIED flying objects fall into
disrepute there for a while, but
now everyone and his dog is
getting into the act.

One thing we can pretty well
rely on, though, in the present
instance, there really was some-
thing up there.

A woman who had just
heard about who was shocked
because her young son had told
her a falsehood.

Figures 10 tip that tendency
in the individual - a kind of child-to-heart talk, explaining that "sometimes kids are lying."

"A tall hairy man with red,
fiery eyes and two sharp horns
crawls into her bedroom last
night. He takes them to Mars. When he was in a dark canyon for fifty years.

"No," she concluded, "you
don't tell children things like
that."

SPEAKING OF small boys,
Mrs. Walter Davis, from her son
Sandy, told how Sandy she
would give him "a yankee dime"
for running an errand.

Her smaller son, Ronnie,
chipped up with "Oh, mother,
let me do it. We're collecting
foreign coins in our school."

AND WHILE WE'RE on the
subject of kids, there were these
two who were discussing the subject of piggy banks.

"Think it's childish to save
money," one said. "It only
encourages children to become
misers."

"Yeah," the other one agreed,
"and that's not the worst of it.
It turns the parents into bank
robbers."

THE OFFICE BLONDE was
overheard complaining about
her boy friend the other day.
"I can't stand his nasty disposition," she said. "Every time
we go jittery I'm losing weight."

Then why don't you break
up with him?" her confidante
asked.

"Oh, no," she said. "Just as
soon as he gets

[Rest of text is cut off or illegible]

Man Says He S[cut off]

By JIM KROUSE
Copyright 1965 by The Oklahoma
Journal Publishing Company

A trained Air Force weather observer using high-power telescope and camera tracked a UFO over Norman Sunday night an object he described as a "flying saucer."

Despite an official statement by the Secretary of the Air Force Office of Information that no officer backed up his contention with a thorough physical description of the UFO—the only one received from hundreds of Oklahoma who made similar sightings from Shawnee to the greater Oklahoma City area.

The observer, who requested to remain anonymous due to the Air Force's position, said he spent about 9:30 p.m. Sunday, approximately from the northeast and "arctics" in a direct line to the southwest. He said the object was moving quite rapidly. We observed it a little less than five minutes before it went out of sight. It was about 22,000 to 25,000 feet at a 45-degree angle.

"It was shaped like a flying saucer, and through the 10-power binoculars took on the appearance of being quite large. There were two sets of revolving, pulsating lights, but no perceptive blinking that would distinguish," he said.

To guard against the possibility of letting their imaginations run away, they set up the 40-power telescope and "took a fix" on several points.

[More text continues but is partially cut off]

ROADS DUE

Jury Probe Eyed
Of Payoff Story

By DANIEL WEBSTER
[Partial text, rest cut off]

More UFOs [partially cut off]


- page 33 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Newspaper Header]
Oklahoma Journal
Tuesday, August 3, 1965
20 Pages ... Five Cents

"Saw 'Flying Saucer'"

[Caption under illustration]
This Is What Observer Saw
Shown above is refined drawing of "flying saucer" which he saw through a 40-power spotting scope over Norman. (Copyright 1955 by The Oklahoma Journal Publishing Co.)

[Headline]
JE $82 MILLION
Interstates
To Get Most

By BILL DUNCAN
A proposed $81.5 million highway program for the 1967 fiscal year was presented to the state Highway Commission Monday by State Highway Director George Nigh, which includes both state and federal funds. More than half of the $81.5 million allocation will be spent on interstate projects.

[Rest of the text is partially cut off or illegible]


- page 34 -

Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol 13, #1, March 66

Elkin, North Carolina
21 September 1965

CLOSE SIGHTING IN NORTH CAROLINA #25. Nasal Abner of Elkin, North Carolina, had the most frightening experience of her life last September 21st. When the bedroom of her home was suddenly lit up, like broad daylight, a loud noise accompanied the light. She jumped out of bed and ran to the window, where she saw an object hanging in the air, "a little higher than a telephone pole would be."

The UFO looked like it was in two parts, both of them round. The bottom part was smaller and was a golden light, like a golden cartwheel spinning around and around. In the top part the lady could see windows, "shaped like egg cartons," all around the circumference, and there was a whitish glow coming out of them.

Mrs. Abner then ran to the front door, just in time to see the UFO flying away at great speed, making a loud whining noise of some sort. Her telephone rang; as well as several other people in the neighborhood heard the noise; but Mrs. Abner was the only person to see anything. (Winston-Salem Journal, 9/25/65.)


- page 35 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

More UFOs Spotted Here

OKLAHOMA CITY AND VICINITY - Clear to partly cloudy and little change in temperature through Wednesday. High Tuesday 95. Low Tuesday night 67.

Page Directory
TV Listings ...... 5
Editorials ....... 7
Entertainment .... 9
Women's ......... 10
Sports .......... 11
Business Review .. 13
Comics .......... 16
Classified ....... 17-19

What's Inside
Big role in old movie shown on TV Sunday night trips up Raynor
Page 3

Italian police in lighting raids into the Mafia, who reportedly have U. S. informers ......... Page 4

HAYDEN HEWES

Youth Has
His Heyday
By 3ABS FENWICK
Hayden Hewes was his heyday Monday.
He answered his telephone. "Hello, 'tis a strange' instead of "Hello," and no one laughed.
It's not very often that the universe's coincides its fantastic phenomenon to coincide with a fella's vocation. Hayden Hewes, a saucer enthusiast, the past six years of Monday morning were a thrill.

He's a young man who, for the past six years, has oriented his life to scientific research and study of unidentified flying objects.

Raynon Ortiz, a Chinese in Formosa spotting to get in on Vietnamese fighting ......... Page 15

Living costs to go up
for city school students,
See UFO'S, Page 12

After an all-night vigil at the highway patrol tower near Edmond, he got a green saucer-like object on film.

Flows lived on the reports of others and had never seen a UFO.

Living costs in Page 15

Hewes personally paid the legislators in separate pivots in Oklahoma City and Tulsa.

County Attorney Curtis P. Harris said Monday he may ask for a grand jury investigation into the matter and may be ready to ask Oklahoma County district court to help.

Harris said within the next few days he hopes to have preliminary investigation into the matter and may be ready to ask Oklahoma County district court.

House Speaker J. B. McSpadden and former Senate President Otto Tempel were named last week in a pleading filed in district court, as having received $20,000 each to lobby for the bill.

The pleading, filed in connection with the $2 million libel suit against the Oklahoma Publishing Co. by local oil man Jack Woosley, alleges Heavener attorney Whit Pate personally paid the legislators in separate pivots in Oklahoma City and Tulsa.

Bureau Director Forrest Castle was named as the negotiator who arranged the deal between the legislators and eastern racing dog breeders.

If these charges are true and can be supported with evidence, the county will prosecute with all the vigor possible, "Harris said.

The county attorney said his and Hewes' investigation has brought more newspaper publicity last week and brought forward new evidence.

Investigation into the allegations began more than a year ago when former County Attorney James H. Harris received information from sources in Kansas City, Castle and Pate to Memphis late in 1959 to obtain $50,000 to pay the legislators.

Harrod was unable to give his evidence to a grand jury because the timing of several unexpected elections last fall forced the grand jury to be delayed.

Sol Again
Warming Up
Temperatures edged upward a little more Monday in Oklahoma City after a time mercury would dip to 56 degrees. The mercury ranged from 56 to 58 degrees in the morning. Lows Monday morning were recorded at 56. Forecasters said the state Thursday or around the weekend.


- page 36 -

Here is the OCR text from the newspaper page:

Sigma Journal
Tuesday, October 5, 1965                20 Pages                Five Cents

First Night Color Shot
Of Flying Saucer Bared

Copyrighted 1965 by The
Oklahoma Journal Publishing Co.

At approximately 1:45 a.m.
on August 2, Alan Smith, 14,
standing in his back yard of
his Tulsa home, pointed his
small camera toward the
darkened sky and clicked the
shutter.

The image he recorded on
some 35mm color negative
film is being scientifically
studied by UFO researchers.

In one our sighting
his camera at an unidentified
flying object in the sky. He
and his father had observed
the UFOs August 1 and this
night were prepared.

The image is yet to be
analyzed to be the first color photo picture of what is commonly called a flying saucer.
The picture is eerie. The
consequences of the one-in-amillion shot are far reaching.

The negative shows a vividly, blue and whitish egg
shaped object. Protruding
from the sky. Protecting
fingers which many have
speculated may be the propulsion system. They could have
been something else.

The pictures was taken on a
night when a rash of UFOs
were sighted in Tulsa, Norman City, Norman and elsewhere throughout the west.

These were explained
away by the Air Force as
stars, planes, light reflections and even airplanes moving in the sky.

Alan said the second night
he and his family were ready.
He had loaded his official
boy scout camera (620) with
Kodacolor X high speed film.

(First night, Page 3)

[Sidebar text about Alan Smith with a small photo]

ALAN SMITH
...he shot picture

90,000 Hear
Pope's Mass
In Ball Park

Peace Plea
Of Pontiff
Stirs Crowd

NEW YORK (UPI)—Pope
Paul VI climaxed a day of
spectacular and emotional Monday night with a ritual of dedication to peace in the heart of New York's bustling metropolis.

The appeal of one so powerful drew about 90,000 to the
great melting pot and cultural center of the world.

More than a million more
saw the extrem Pope of
the Roman Catholic Church

[Partial bottom text cut off]


- page 37 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The Oklahoma [Newspaper Header]

Vol. 2, No. 44                Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73110

NAVIS WAGNER, 19, a student at Central State, expected to look relieved when some rushing back into the dorm after curfew. But he was hardly prepared for the gasp of relief she gave when he handed it over.

PNA MCKEMIE tells about two such incidents that proclaim: "Two Cheers For Your Automobile And Lacquer."

READER calls in to tell the road in the western part of the state that ran his battery down at his own tail lights.

NEIGHBOR'S son home from school the day and tearfully announced that he had lost his pencil. His parents consoled him. That afternoon the scene was altered and that did it!

Now's father went to see his father after supper. "It's time of the thing, not the pencils I want at the pencils I want."

GUY ACROSS the desk hates to leave home he can't stand to kiss his wife.

I HAVE TO GO way back to one place during the Roosevelt era. There was this little man who introduced the notion to her husband who said, "This is nothing," she said. "This is New Dealer, murmured the husband.

ONCE is something else!

OFFICE BLOWHARD is something to laugh about. "You're the only one who knows it," he told his mother.

Rare Saucer Photograph

The picture above is believed to be the first night color photograph of a clearly-defined yellow, blue object, commonly called a flying saucer. The picture was taken near Tulsa, Okla., on Aug. 2 when a rash of flying objects were reported over Oklahoma skies. Alan, his father, and an official Boy Scout camera (620) with Kodacolor X high speed film. (Copyright 1953 by The Oklahoma Journal Publishing Co.)

'Saucer Sighted'

TEXARKANA, Ark. (Staff) - A red, yellow and blue object which "seemed to alternate colors" has been spotted here by several persons. Reporting Friday that it was sighted by Mrs. J. L. Moore and her sister, Mrs. Louise Paul, it was about one-third as large as the sun, Mrs.

First
of Fl

[Partial text on right side of page]

At approximately 1:43 a.m. on August 2, Alan Smith, 16, was standing in the back yard of his Tulsa home, poised camera in hand, scanning the darkened sky and clicked the shutter.

The image he recorded, a color negative may become one of the most famous photographs of our age.

Young Smith was accompanied by his camera and an unidentified companion. They were prepared.

The image is believed to be the first color picture of a flying saucer. It shows a disc-shaped object, taken with a 620 Brownie camera and Kodacolor X film.

The picture was taken on the night when a rash of UFO sightings were reported in Tulsa, OK.

[Additional text is cut off or illegible]

You Can Help

Here's how you can help solve the flying saucer riddle in the United States:

1. If you have a camera, keep it loaded with color film.
2. If you see an unidentified flying object in the sky, shoot a picture of it.
3. Send your negatives to a reputable newspaper or magazine immediately.

[Rest of text is cut off or illegible]


- page 38 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Main Article Text]
prints of the flying object."
"Then we started looking
at the negatives and saw that
the film company had not
touched the negatives at all.
One had a streak of light and
the other had an object in one
corner that appeared to be
three or four colors," she
said.

"We took it back to the
film company and had them
make an enlargement of that
particular section of the film
(UFO that had appeared over
our back yard)."

"The camera had gotten
distinct lines of an object
- while our eyes saw only
a white blur," the pastor
said.

With same had the object
appeared to be about 35 or 40
feet in diameter and about
5,000 to 6,000 feet high. He
based this on his experience
of visual sightings of aircraft
in his work.

The Tulsa World reported,
a group of Tulsa church-
goers reported sighting an
identified flying object as
the group left the Full Gospel
Chapel about 12:30 a.m. Rev.
Buster Schoolfield and others
said before they disappeared
before they disappeared over
Sand Springs.

The pastor reports, he,
too, saw the pulsating lights,
identical to the description
given by Alan and his father.
The lights were white at first
a distance, then stop, change
color, then go on." He said
the colors changed slowly
from white to green and then
red. This also matches the
description given by the
Smith family.

The same night Ray C.
Tate, an independent observer
for the Oklahoma Civil
Defense agency, reported he
saw the pulsating object be-
tween Norman and Moore
as he drove on IS 35 to
Norman.

He said he looked up to top
of his car and saw the object
northeast of Norman. There
was a quarter-plus moon and
the comparative size of the
object was almost as big as
the moon. "It would have been
hard to miss," he said.

Deep Fork
Report Due
A comprehensive report
on the problems and solutions of floodings in the Deep
Fork river area of northwest Oklahoma City will be
filed before the end of
Tuesday.

William E. Hedges, director of public works, said
Monday he did not want to
report released before council considers it Tuesday.

It was compiled following
a survey by council committee consisting of James H.
Johnson, ward 4 councilman.

west east.

Alan said he saw the object, walked 25 feet to his house, picked up the camera,
returned and took several
until it was almost overhead
and then it disappeared.

Members of the family said
they heard a whine increase
as the object speeded up.
There was also an increase
in the intensity of the lights.

It first appeared white as
a star, turning red as it
came closer, gyrating, turning blue, then green then
cream white, Smith said.

The object moved so
searchlights.

The family reported dogs
in the neighborhood started
howling when the object appeared.

Members of the family said
they could not see the definition of lights as it appears
in the camera. However, it
indicated, experts say, that
the camera was able to pick
up something that the
human eye was unable to see.

Atmospheric conditions
that might have helped a dull
picture were a clear sky and
stars.

The Smiths were first interviewed by Jim Krouse,
aviation editor of the
Journal, who heard of the
picture through a Tulsa newspaper. Other interviews were
conducted by Bill Moody, Ft.
Smith, Ark., correspondent;
Atkinson, publisher, News
and Cliff King, photographers.

King and Gumm, chief
photographers, have shot color pictures of airplanes,
stars, etc. In an effort to
duplicate the image in some

object an arbitrary size of 50
feet diameter. Measuring the
image size on the film
(3.9mm) the object would
have to have been less than
a mile distant from the
camera.

"Measuring the density of
the image on the film,"
Gumm continued, "the
brightness of the object would
be relatively twice that of a
full moon."

King shot another roll
of the same color film
with the same type of camera, standing in the boy's back
yard, at approximately the
same time of night.

This was done, he explained, to eliminate the possibility that the boy's camera
lens had a flaw or that a
light reflection was being
bounced off of some earthly
object.

The extra proved fruitless.
The airplane picture looks
like another light. The
color negatives shot by King
turned up with no image or
reflection. There was no flaw
in the camera that could be
detected by Journal photographers. The image on the
original negative was not
closed.

Alan, a newspaper carrier
boy for the Tulsa Tribune,
said he had paid little attention to flying saucer reports in the past and had
been surprised by the attention to newspaper stories about
saucers in the past.

The family is a typical
middle - class group. They
live in a modest home and
were contacted very thoroughly first.

Journal editors asked all
persons who personally had
seen flying objects in the
past to communicate by letter with the newspaper.

This information, complete with descriptions, etc.,
will be sent on to military
authorities in an effort to
help determine origin of the
object and its significance.
"In the future, we ask
anyone who sees a flying
saucer or object in the sky
to call the Journal," they
said.

[Right Side of Page - Television and Other Schedules]
(Partial TV schedule for various channels visible)

Self Today
Jimmy G. Nix, 17-year-old
son of a Justice of the Court
of Criminal Appeals, faces a
hearing at 1:30 p. m. Tuesday on whether two 30-day
suspended sentences will be
revoked.

Judge John H. Porter of
the court of special sessions
handed young Nix, son of
state Highway Patrolman
Charles W. Nix, two suspended sentences after Nix and a
girl and her escort in May.

[Rest of right side contains TV schedules and other local news snippets]


- page 39 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

THE OKLAHOMA JOURNAL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1965

They Saw The 'Saucer'
Alan Smith, 14, and his sister Sherry Holt, 18, stand in the back yard of their Tulsa home where both saw what they described as an unidentified flying object Aug. 1-2, 1965. A picture of the object, taken by Scout camera which he used to shoot the spectacular color photo of the object, is reproduced on the front page. (Copyright 1965 by The Oklahoma Journal Photo Co.)

First Night Color Shot Captures Flying Saucer
(Continued From Page 1)

o'clock that—Alan relates, he raised his camera and took the picture.

He exposed only one negative, he explained later, because he couldn't see to wind the camera again.

The family waited 10 to 12 days to get the film developed for normal commercial processing. This was done at the Camera Store, 9148 Detroit, Tulsa, for processing.

When we got the film back, "I was struck immediately by the picture," Alan said. "There was nothing in Alan's prints of the flying object."

Then started looking through the film company had not printed some of the negatives. When they did, the object appeared in one of the three or four colors, he said.

"We took it back to the film company and had them make an enlargement of that negative," Alan said.

green. The colors were alternated and arranged in a circle that in my viewfed looked like a flying saucer.

The letter, sent to Hayden Hewes, director of Interplanetary Flying Objects, Oklahoma City, is reproduced at the request of the public.

Both men are experienced, highly - skilled professional photographers. Guinn has worked around the world and is known as an expert in his field.

Cumm reported that the boy Scout camera used to shoot the picture has a fixed focus lens with a shutter speed of 1-50th of a second and a relative aperture of f8.

The film was Kodacolor X having a relative speed of ASA 64. Approximate local length of the camera lens is 2¼ inches or more technically, 50mm.

"Measuring the density of the image on the film," Cumm said, "another roll of the same type color film, in the same camera, was full moon."

Hayden Hewes
ROUTE 4
3005 West F
Oklahoma Ci

Dear Mr. He

I thought pe
be interested
account of
between Nic
Oklahoma Ci
Monday, Au
1965.

I was driving
City on Inter
to Norman,
at a stoplig
was talking ab
radio to KMO

Life Beat
[MARRIAGE LICENSES]
(Various listings)

Jail
By
[Additional legal notices]

Nix Hearing
Today
[Details about Jimmy G. Nix hearing]


- page 40 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO or USAF is the question about this welded aluminum disc held sus- pictured by Durant Deputy Sheriff Lloyd Nabors.

Now It's Saucers
By the Squadron
By the State Staff

Sightings of unidentified flying objects continued Tuesday for the fourth straight night in Oklahoma, but the day's most spectacular sighting was reported in South America.

Observers in Curitiba, Brazil, reported seeing a squadron of 18 flying saucers flying over northern Brazil's Parana state.

From Santiago, Chile, came a report of a flying saucer which landed but took off again when a group of people moved toward it.

The highway patrol reported Tuesday night unidentified objects were seen in the skies over Erick, Lawton

Related Story, Page 8

and in the Turley area near Tulsa.

Several reports were received of sightings in the Oklahoma City area.

A many-surfaced aluminum disc, found Monday night on the D. W. Meade farm 314 miles southeast of Elk City, was an item of some mystery Tuesday in Durant.

Meade turned the welded disc over to Lloyd Nabors, who said he did not know what it is or where it came from. He said, "A verbal description of the object," and the "ALCLAD 2024" imprinted on its side brought tentative

(Continued on Page 5, Column 1)


- page 41 -

Now It's Saucers
By the Squadron

CONTINUED FROM PAGE ONE

Identification from officials at Perrin Air Force Base, Denton, Texas. They said it is likely a piece launched with large weather balloons. They withheld positive identification until they see the object.

Meade found the "thing" in his pasture Monday. He said it definitely was not there Sunday.

Unidentified flying objects were sighted in the Bryan County area Sunday night — glowing red and dimming just above tree-top level, according to witnesses.

"Maybe Mars has an ALCOA plant there, too," one wisecre commented.

The first of objects over Brazil was first seen by two little girls. They saw four moving over the horizon in daylight at Astorga, about 250 miles west of Sao Paulo. They called three neighbors, who reported seeing 11 others in formation. They were described as silvery with a greenish light shining from the top.

John Stark, 852 NW 6, Moore, reported he watched some object with a reddish light on top and a white light on the bottom hover at what he estimated as 2,000 feet above Will Rogers World Airport around 9 p.m. Tuesday.

"I couldn't see the shape of it," he said. "but I could see it had two distinct sources of light. It kinda shakes you up; it's no laughing matter."

Stark said he called his wife over when he had the object lined up between two houses. It hovered there, he said, as lights from a plane passed at the same level, then took off and disappeared.

Stark said the lights on the object were "six or eight times brighter than a star." Stark, a pre-dental student at Central State College, Edmond, is a sports writer for The Daily Oklahoman.

Flying objects, the Oklahoma City police switchboard glowed brightly with numerous reported sightings, nearly from the west side of town.

One youth reported seeing an object rise either from Lake Hefner or its shoreline. Another reported seeing two round objects circling about a mile from his home at 1044 SW 48. He said the objects flashed red lights and headed south at a high rate of speed.

Joe Spitalie, 11, said, by his parents and sister watched a bright orange object that "looked like a ball of fire" appear on the edge of the city. He said the UFO first headed south, then it appeared to reverse as it "just zoomed by."

Another resident saw a bright blue object "with a tall" about halfway up in the sky from his home at NW Hill and Shartel. He said he watched it for about two minutes at about 8:50 p.m.

W. R. Bill Clark, 2908 NW Western, said he and his wife watched three separate UFO's at about 8:30 p.m. He said one headed northwest to northwest on the east side of the city, and a short time later one headed in the opposite direction on the west side. A third, he said, moved straight west.

He said all three appeared to be red and traveled at a terrific rate of speed, taking only a minute or two to traverse the sky from horizon to horizon.


- page 42 -

Here is the text from the document:

Gets only.                                                                    1965 b... 10.

THEORY OFFERED

Mystery Objects
There All Along?

Look at the sky long enough and you'll see — or imagine you see — all sorts of things, particularly if you're not accustomed to sky-watching.

That's why so many people are seeing unidentified flying objects, explains Dale Johnson, director of the Kirkpatrick Planetarium.

He says the natural phenomenon which cause such illusions are present all the time, but usually so unnoticed.

"People don't pay much attention to the sky. But, when you have a lot of people gazing skyward, they'll see rings they never paid any attention to before."

Johnson believes that in a great majority of cases, the unidentified objects people notice are bright stars that they have not noticed before.

Also, certain atmospheric conditions, such as "scintillation," make distant objects appear to move around or change color.

This is also the time of year, explains Johnson, when there are an unusually large number of meteors about.

"The next strong meteor shower will be August 10 and it will be interesting to see if we get a large number of UFO reports at that time."

Johnson believes many of the UFOs may be such planets as Mars, Venus, Saturn, Antares or Vega. All appear much brighter than other stars this time of year.

Another bright planet, Jupiter, is not visible this time of year.

"I'm not saying people are not seeing what they think they are seeing," he points out. "I believe they are simply seeing a phenomenon — one they haven't noticed before, one which creates some kind of optical illusion."

Since the current rash of UFO sightings started, Johnson has observed the skies several nights hoping to spot some unusual object.


- page 43 -

Here is the OCR text from the newspaper page:

Tuesday, August 3, 1965 OKLAHOMA CITY TIMES

Many Report
Flying Objects

Despite Air Force claims that Oklahomans were not daily "seeing stars," reports continued to flood in of unidentified flying object sightings Tuesday.

One report even had a UFO landing near Justin, Texas, 11 miles from Denton.

Other reports had green UFO's, red UFO's and brilliant white UFO's zipping, hovering and streaking through unusually clear summer skies.

Hundreds of reports filtered into the Highway Patrol, police departments, Tinker Air Force Base, the U.S. Weather Bureau and news media for the third straight night.

Still, the Air Force stuck to its released announcement from Washington, D.C., that there were no observations of a Delta meteor shower occurring from July 26 through August 2.

The Air Force statement also said that during the past several days, atmospheric conditions and wind speeds were favorable to "scintillation," the natural phenomenon that causes stars to appear to twinkle or distort objects viewed through layers of the atmosphere.

But, people still reported seeing strange, unidentified things.

In Fort Smith, Ark., two high school students, Ronald Coble, 17, and Jack Clark, 17, both of Van Buren said three UFO's streaked overhead. Five minutes later they saw a fourth.

In Texas, two sheriffs reportedly collected reports of an object that looked like a magnesium touch near Justin. The men spotted it while on patrol near Wagle Mountain Lake.

Peace officers swarm into the area to investigate.

About the same time, scores of residents in Fort Worth and Denton told of observing a bright light as it streaked northwest across the sky.

Telephone callers asked Norman officials about a white glow which they said, appeared to touch ground in the Justin vicinity.

Boyd said the object appeared to move forward, backward, then up and down.

Robert Bennett, a Highway Patrolman on duty at Tishomingo, said he sighted a "green UFO" traveling northeast at high altitude.

Jim Beck, said he verified reports from several residents that a "solid red globe" was flying over the city.

Hayden Hewes, the 21-year-old director of a scientific research organization, International Unidentified Flying Objects, said Tuesday morning he is still at work plotting the course of the sightings.

Hewes said sources he has talked to in the Air Force are still investigating the reports.

Noting there were probably a "lot of sensation seekers," Hewes added Monday night, Hewes added that some reports may be fabricated. Many people's imagination is more vivid at night, he said. Of further interest, he said, and then did have one radar (fix for 40 minutes), he said. However, he did not deviate at all.

"You can't dismiss the fact that so many reliable persons have reported sightings," he said, noting that some patrolmen and highway workers used to seeing the stars. They would recognize an object out of the ordinary.

Meanwhile, 3d Officer at Tinker, said he expects reports to continue pouring in until the meteor shower.

And, at Van Buren, Ark., police report an unidentified line-door ghost with no head or hands, has been reported by several adults and children roaming along a river bank.


- page 44 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

causes stars to appear to Tinker did have one radar
twinkle or distant objects to fix for 40 minutes, he said.
appear to dance when However, the object did not
viewed through layers of the deviate at all.
atmosphere.

"You can't dismiss the
But, people still reported fact that so many reliable
seeing strange, undefined persons have reported sight-
things. ings," he said, noting that so

In Fort Smith, Ark., two many highway patrolmen
high school students, Ronnie have reported seeing UFOs.
Cole, 17, and Jack Clarke, "We are not trying to work
17, both of Van Buren saw a at seeing UFOs," he would
mysterious bright streak not recognize an object
overhead. Five min- out of the ordinary.
utes later they saw a fourth Meanwhile, Ed O'Brien,
they said. public information officer at

County deputy sheriffs re- Tinker, said he expects re-
ported a brilliant object that ports to continue pouring in
"flared" like a magnesium the end.
flare" appeared to touch
ground near Justin. The men
spotted it while on patrol
near Wagle Mountain Lake.
Peace officers swarmed
into the area but several
hours later they reported
their search revealed noth-
ing.

About the same time,
scores of residents near Fort
Worth and Denton told of ob-
serving a bright light as it
streaked northward across
the sky.

Telephone callers asked
Denton officers about a
white glare which they said
appeared to touch ground in
the Justin vicinity.

A policeman at Lewisville,
reported a multi-colored ob-
ject which he and four other
persons watched "a white
globe, which they estimated
to be 30 to 40 feet in diame-


- page 45 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

R 22 Sep 65
Antwerp, Belgium

BELGIUM
Sighting near Antwerp

Reader Madame H. Hoornaert of
16, Oudstrijdlaan, Brasschaat, writes
to say that between 22 and 23
September 22, 1965, at about 9.50
and 10 p.m., he and his family were
in the garden of their house, watching
a different display at Berchem on the
occasion of the local fair, when suddenly they were surprised by the
appearance of a very luminous ball of
the apparent size of an orange which
came from the opposite direction to

the fireworks. The object exhibited a
greenish-yellow colour, and moved at
a great speed in the form of a parabolic arc. It was following a course from North East to South
West, in relation to the local horizon. The sky was partly cloudy.

Next day, M. Maurice Hoornaert's
wife, still excited at what he had seen,
went to the local police station near
St. Edmunds College and told the
teacher who was in charge that she
was able to give further details. For the
teacher, after having seen the "phenomenon's" field of view, had subsequently stopped short, to have nothing
more to say. The object moved vertically with a high, vibrating
sound. Parked, placed near the
Deume (Antwerp) Airport, and was
told that the same object had been
observed by others there, and that no
aircraft was in the vicinity at the time.


- page 46 -

Here is the text from the document:

r Intelligence Stuffs Plagued by 'Objects' for 20 Years

[Partial first paragraph, text starts mid-sentence]
...John Craster Carey, who prepared
...an extensive background in air
...military intelligence going back to
...U)

So the air intelligence crews were ordered to collect, correlate, and analyze the reports. One of the first officers saddled with this unwelcome chore was Maj. Gen. Robert N. Stull, USAF, who has just completed a tour of duty as director of intelligence of SAC and reports to the Pentagon this month for duty as director of plans, USAF. He was then a Lieutenant Colonel; his progress has not been matched by those seeking to explain the relatively small number of cases in which the object is really unidentifiable.

Southward were at first regarded as evidence that the Russians had taken over the Peenomunde experiments and were developing certain Nazi projects for their own use. Soon these gave way to "flying saucer" reports and from Stockholm to Los Alamos, El Paso, and Oak Ridge. Nervous officials admitted these sensitive sites were too important to permit any possible reconnaissance to go undetected.

In the majority of cases, there are explanations, and they do not involve visitors from another planet, or even another continent. If you have seen what you think was a UFO, you are not likely to accept any of these explanations. I find, like most people, you see only what is normally there when you look skyward, these explanations may look like large stars or small moons.

ONE - Most common daytime UFO is the balloon. The great balloons carrying scientific instruments rise to fantastic heights, and in the hours near dawn or sunset can take on brilliant hue. They sometimes take on odd shapes, too, because they are made of transparent or reflective film. This a reflection from the near outer surface is noted with a reflection from the far inner surface. I have seen a perfect example of the "flying saucer" shape formed this way - (?) - and have even seen it "launch" something toward earth. The instrument pack drops clear, followed by a long, slender white tube as it unravels into the familiar shape until near the earth, out of sight of distant observers. Balloons may look like large stars or small moons in the predawn sky, long before they are high enough to catch the sunlight long before full daylight.

TWO - Most common night-flying UFO is the ordinary, common airplane. Many through flights now pass over mid-America so high that all sound is carried far downwind, and observers directly below hear nothing, but see the running lights. Depending on the angle, a craft running lights are seen at one time, as a rule, and these "by formation." Some blink or and off, others are steady. Some planes have brilliant blue-white strobe

(See OBJECTS-Page 2)


- page 47 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

mase governmg.
the purchase of 35a°
tic test as rise in
land, an officia r-l
source said

Air Intelligence Staffs Plug

(Editor's Note: John Gaston Currey, who prepared Scandinavia were at first regarded as evidence the
the following report, has an extensive background in avi- Russians had taken over the Peacetime expert
ation and military intelligence affairs going back to and were developing certain Nazi projects for their
World War II) use. Soon these gave way to "flying saucer" report

The recent rash of reports on unidentified flying ob- from Stockholm, the locale allied to Dayton, Fort 1
jects (UFOs) revives a problem which has plagued air Los Alamos, El Paso, and Oak Ridge. Nervous of
intelligence staffs for nearly two decades. these sensitive sites were too important to

During World War II, such reports came often from let any possible reconnaissance go undetected.
Sweden, or from underground sources here in the Baltic
Sea. Correlated with reconnaissance pilots and other in- So the air intelligence crews were ordered to
telligence, they gave us early data on test flights of the correlate, and analyze the reports. One of the
V-1 and V-2 weapons, and on certain other experimental first tasks saddled with this unwelcome chore was
devices which did not get into production for the Nazi Maj. Robert N. Smith, USAF, who has just completed
war machine. a tour of duty as director of intelligence of SAC and

After the war, reports of "flying saucepans" over reputed the Pentagon this month for duty as director of p

relatively small number of cases in which the obj


- page 48 -

Air Force Investigating

Sky Sights Excite Big Area

By Jack Taylor

Reports of unidentified flying objects swamped civilian and military authorities in at least four states before dawn Monday.

Scores of sightings were reported in Oklahoma, many in the Oklahoma City area.

Air force officials at Tinker AFB said they are investigating and will follow normal procedure.

The weather bureau at Tulsa said it tracked UFO's on its telescopic visual tracking unit and that they moved precisely with the stars.

A spokesman explained the night was exceptionally clear and some of the bright or stars "rose" in the sky and tended to give off strange lightning-like or horizon.

Sightings were reported in a steady stream between 8 p.m. Sunday and 3 a.m. Monday in Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico and Kansas.

Radar at weather bureaus and air force bases scattered throughout the area detected some of the sightings.

One civilian UFO enthusiast said he received reports from counterparts that sightings ranged over a 9-state area from Chickasha, Shawnee, Tulsa, Purcell, Norman, Slicker, Chandler, Guthrie, Cushing, Guymon, Moore, Oklahoma City, and others.

The deluge of reports is the heaviest in the 17-year recorded history of UFO's, it was said.

Oklahoma City police said they received numerous reports during the night.

Oklahoma Highway Patrol headquarters reported a similar coverage and a one point three dispatchers couldn't handle all the reports.

Reports of UFO's poured in from Pecos, Monahans, Odessa, Midland, Fort Worth, Canyon and Dalhart, Texas; Hobbs, Clovis and Artesia, N. M.; Oxford, Belle Plaine, Wichita, Liberal and Wichita, Kan.

In Oklahoma, they came (See FLYING-Page 5)

An air force spokesman for the Oklahoma City Air Defense Command refused to confirm or deny a report that a plane was sent after one of the UFO's.

(Continued on Page 5)


- page 49 -

Here is the text from the document:

Flying Objects Seen
In Four-State Area

(Continued From Page 1)

The Oklahoma Highway Patrol said the weather bureau tracked several UFOs at altitudes of 6,000 to 9,000 feet.

Tinker Air Force Base radar at Oklahoma City tracked one on its radar screen at an undisclosed altitude at about 22,000 feet. A Tinker spokesman declined comment, however.

The patrol said officers in three different cruisers reported watching the objects fly in a diamond-shaped formation for about 30 minutes in the Shawnee area.

The UFOs were described as changing color from red to white to blue-green.

Wichita dispatcher said: "I was disbelieving. But I saw it something up there tonight and so did others."

The weather bureau and McConnell Air Force Base said it tracked one of the objects south and west of Wellington at an altitude of about 22,000 feet, down to 4,000 feet.

Hayden Ewers, director of Inter-Agency Investigations of Unidentified Objects at the private UFO Investigations Agency headquarters, said he watched one of the objects over Oklahoma City, said he has received at least 50 to 100 reports from associates. He said he talked with Wright-Patterson AFB and was told as soon as UFO headquarters there had drawn a conclusion, the public would be informed.

In the past, the air force has said signals, jet exhaust, kites, meteors, and missiles.

As of July 20, the air force said 9,127 sightings since 1947, with no investigations to indicate the unidentified objects came from outer space.


- page 50 -

Here is the text from the document:

The Oklahoma Journal
Vol. 1, No. 302                 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73110                 Monday, August 2, 1965                 20 Pages *** Five Cents

Flying Objects Zooming Over State

By BILL STEWART
A rash of unidentified flying objects, confirmed near Tulsa by military radar and Air Force Base, "occurred" Sunday night, it was learned today.

The first report, at 8:40 p.m., led to a series of sightings that ranged from Tulsa to Shawnee-Chandler area.

One sighting, by Sherry Hudnall, 222 SE 16, 16, and Maryleth Tucker, 16, trailing red, white and blue light, was tracked on two radar screens early Sunday and then reappeared 29 miles south of Tulsa.

First sightings were confirmed by the base security office, identicals were made by radar tracks.

Homer Brisco said "we had one call, one had 100."

Most of the first reports were from the Shawnee-Chandler area, especially in the Seminole area.

The initial military radar tracking was of four objects flying at 22,000 feet. Later the Air Force said only that it would investigate the matter.

But now sightings in that area were not long in coming, again including the Tulsa area.

Patrol dispatcher Jim West also had reports from the west side of the city.

Most of the reports indicated the objects were generally traveling toward the south and east of the city.

2504 SW 54 Place, turned out to be a particular flare which police confiscated.

The radar approach confirmed the tower at Tinker, using four radar scopes with a range of 40 miles, reported the height of the local sightings.

City police dispatcher Lt. Hurrell said "I don't know what it could be - an airplane or balloons - but there's something there."

West also had reports from other parts of the state.

Most of the reports indicated the objects were barely traveling toward the south and east of the city, with the reported objects generally red, white and blue.

Shawnee-Chandler area. At one time four objects were reported stationary over the area, apparently with a "straggler" leading into the area from Tecumseh.

City dispatcher Brisco said most of the local calls came from persons in the south and east of the city.

See OBJECTS, Page 2 (Cont'd)

Pres
Favo


- page 51 -

JOURNAL, MONDAY, AUGUST 2, 1965

Labor
[Continued from Page 1]

LBJ
(Continued From Page 1)

cratic and Republican leaders at the White House last Wednesday morning.

"Sen. Mansfield never mentioned reserves and it was not in any of his discussions," Johnson said. "I'm just going to answer your questions and give you the facts. Nothing to provoke any fight. No bloody noses. We're just going to answer your questions and give you the facts."

The President said that most of the people he deals with in private conferences - and he said he deals with a couple of hundred, including the nation's governors - have respect for his confidence.

"But once in a while," he continued, "an individual, or a bitter partisan has to play a little politics."

The president has been careful not to criticize Republicans since he moved into the White House.

"Is this going to throw a shadow on future bipartisan consultation?"

"No," Johnson said. "I'm not going to provoke any fight. No bloody noses. We're just going to answer your questions and give you the facts."

Objects
(Continued From Page 1)

A local photographer Jim Swanck sighted one object, red and green in color, very high traveling west over U.S. Highway 50 near Straw Road. He said it could have been a plane but "there was absolutely no sound." Highway Patrol confirmed that at the same instant they and one sighting at Harrah and two from Norman.

But the confusion was not without humor. The Highway Patrol shares a state teletype wire with the U.S. Weather Bureau, which dispatches West said, "Has its comedians."

At one point, with the reports jamming the wire, the weathermen cut in with "Dick, there goes another one."

Moments later they added a postscript to West's report with "I think I go to the funny house."

But shortly after 11 the patrol tower conceded they had far too many "sightings" to get all on the wire.

Then came a plea for a summary. The note was signed "Buck Rogers."

TV CALLS 12


- page 52 -

Here is the text from the document:

OKLAHOMAN
August 3, 1965

Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star?--Now We Wonder

[Continued from Page One]

Though the arc facing this the objects are stars, the investigation is continuing, they said.

Prof. H. S. Mendenhall, OSU mathematics professor and astronomer, favors the scientific view that they were related lights of some kind.

He said such illusions probably are caused by an unstable atmosphere, which speeds out the light into a spectrum of its basic colors, acting like a prism.

He said the prism effect could account for lights reported in the skies.

He speculated the sightings were meteorites, cars, clouds, balloons, "or anything but interplanetary ships or travelers from outer space."

Dr. Walter Sauder, meteorology professor and director of OU's atmospheric research laboratory, declined to speculate. "I have no idea what these things are," he said, "and I'm not going to stick my neck out and guess. It just sounds stupid."

Dr. Tom J. Love Jr., director of the school of mechanical engineering and aerospace studies at OU said he is certain some of the objects seen were aircraft and other optical phenomena.

Police departments over the state were swamped with telephone calls from persons reporting strange objects in the sky.

Bethany police officer Jim McGill Monday evening spotted two "sources" while he his car parked near War Acres police by a boy and his father at NW 36 and Hammond. The object changed colors, red, white and green.

War Acres policeman Larry Wilson said he watched an unidentified object "glide" near El Reno late Sunday night until 5 a.m. Monday.

Five boys reported in Oklahoma City that at dusk they saw a round, shiny object without wings close to the ground in the 600 block on NW 6.

Two Oklahoma City boys, Robert Colbert, 11, and Charles Dellard, 11, at the Dellard home, 512 NW 41, saw a red light glowing on and off. They said the object was a big "oval-like" thing lying to the north and then it stopped.

Hobart Police Chief Doss Kutch said there was no question of an UFO settlement here. He checked after receiving a report and said he and his wife saw the bright object.

Oklahoma Highway Patrol trooper Obert Bennett reported sighting a green object north of Tishomingo traveling "high up." He said a plane came close to the object.

Several Woodward citizens reported seeing a solid red globe flying over Woodward at 10:30 p.m.

The Norman police department said a Cleveland County resident, Charles Boyd, reported from "the scene of an UFO" and that his report was confirmed by four persons at the scene. The group viewed through a tripod-mounted power telescope a white globe, 30 to 40 feet in diameter, 50 degrees above the horizon southeast of Norman. They said the object appeared to move forward, backward and then up and down.

A Cicero, Ill., visitor, Ron Buscemi, at the home of his uncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Taylor, at Blackard saw a strange object for the second time Monday.

Three radio club members near "spotting" the Norman police department Monday night they had sighted an unidentified object northeast of Norman's Alex Westheimer Field.


- page 53 -

Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star?--Now We Wonder

By Jim Jackson and Ivy Coffey
of the State Staff

Stars, meteors and unusual atmospheric conditions were the official Air Force explanation Monday at a rush of sightings of unidentified flying objects Sunday night throughout Oklahoma and into neighboring states.

Picture on Page 3

The jets in the sky were continuing.

The objects, sometimes described as glowing lights, were spotted in Norman, Blanchard, Oklahoma City and other parts of the state, Kansas and New Mexico.

The lights were reported over a period of several hours and the objects varied in shape and color.

In Cushing, J. C. Knoch, seed fertilizer dealer, and his son, Ricky, 11, saw what they described as a large circular object flying over northeast Cushing at 12:50 p.m. Monday in full daylight.

Knoch, in the process of building a new furniture store, was looking out the window of the old store when he spotted the object described as having black stripes or black streaks and silver on the bottom side. It almost hurt his eyes to look at it, he said.

Four boys in Oklahoma City reported seeing approximately the same type of thing at 3:50 p.m. Monday at 15. They said it hovered and was striped and quivered, headed east across the sky and disappearing into the clouds.

The Air Force, in its announcement from Washington, said initial study of the flood of sighting reports indicated the sightings were "astronomical in nature."

"The objects observed may have been the planet Jupiter or stars Rigel Capella, Betelgeuse or Aldebaran which were visible," the Air Force statement continued. "At the time of the reported sightings, the azimuth and elevation of the reported sightings supports the preliminary conclusion."

The Air Force denied an unconfirmed report that the objects had been tracked by radar and denied that any planes were scrambled in an attempt to intercept or identify the UFOs.

The Air Force statement also pointed out that temperature, distribution and variant wind speeds both Sunday and Monday over the great plains from Northern Texas to Wyoming were favorable to "scintillation."

The term was described as a natural phenomenon.

(Continued on Page 3, Column 1)


- page 54 -

GARAGE-TOP ROOST is a keen vantage point for tracking unidentified flying objects, These young star gazers decided Monday night. Twelve-year-old Ann Myers is, left, 4100 NW 21 Terr., and Randy Stansel, 14, of 4120 NW 21 Terr., like hundreds of other city residents, spent the evening scanning the skies for those mystery flying objects. Story on Page 1. (Staff Photo by Bob Hanson)


- page 55 -

U.F.O.

"I'M SURE
I SAW SOME
"PEOPLE" DOWN
THERE!"

"YOU AREN'T
GOING TO START
THOSE BILL
RUMORS AGAIN,
ARE YOU?"

The Day Collection


- page 56 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

M 23 Sep 65
Mexico

Failing lights and Aerial shocks
This preview account of the 1965 scene in Latin
America closes with an important incident in
Mexico, one which readers will be quick to
associate in their minds with an event some six
weeks later in the United States.

The newspaper Ultima Hora of September 24
told how, on the previous evening, the important
town of Cuernavaca, 75 km. southeast of Mexico
City, suffered three hours of electric power and
lights failure. During this luminous night, an
object—was photographed, and the picture appeared along with the accounts of several witnesses
who included the Governor of the City, Emilio
Rivera Palacios. He, and other officials, were at a
private cinema show when the light and power
supply failed; as they emerged from the cinema,
the whole party saw the UFO. The intense light
from this object lit up the valley around Cuernavaca.

Shortly afterward, Cuauhtemoc Betanzos, a
pilot of Mexican Airways, saw the same UFO over
Lake Tequesquitengo. Although on a routine
flight from Mexico City to Acapulco, he attempted
to approach the object, but it caused his aircraft to
suffer a series of "crazy and fearful shocks".


- page 57 -

THIS CASE INCLUDES
9 PHOTOS 5X7
8 NEGATIVES 2½ x 3½


- page 58 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF TIN : 55787 (26 Oct 65) A/sah                                   Pg 1 of 2
INFO : NIN-7, XOP-1, XOPX-8, SAFOS-3, JCS/OSD/DTA-1, NSA-7, SMB-1 (29)

SMB A3068>5>152CEJB3 19
OO RUEAHQ
DE RUHLKH 779322#2
ZRR UUUUU
O 2522 10Z ZEL
FM 326AIR DIV KUNIA FAC HA
TO RUHL KM/PACAF HICKAM AFB HA
RUHKH/COMHAWSEAFRON
INFO RUEAHQ/CSAF
RUECW/CNO
RUECW/SECNAV
RUWGAL3/CICNCNORADD
RUHL HQ/CINCPAC
RUHL HS/CINCUSARPAC
RUHL HS/CINCPACFLT
RUAUAZ/COMUSJAPAN
RUAMC/COMUSKOREA
RUAGFL/COMUSTDC
RUCSC/CINSAC
RUCBSOTDEW WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO

AFHQ 0-309C

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 59 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN : 55787 (26 Oct 65)                                     PG 2 OF 2

BT
UNCLAS 326AO-CO 0116A

1. CIRVIS REPORT

2. MATS 9528 AND MATS 10092

3. A. ONE
   B. MATS 9528 REPORTS HE SAW WHAT APPEARED TO HIM A LARGE
      SEARCH LIGHT POINTING SKYWARD. MATS 10092 REPORTED SAME
      BUT ADVISED OBJECT WAS ABOVE THE HORIZON AND TAIL IS OUT
      OF SIGHT BELOW THE HORIZON.

4. A. POSITION WAS 119 DEGREES FROM 25 12 NORTH 155 08 EAST AT
      184AZ

PAGE 2 RUHLKH 7 UNCLAS

5. 25/1829Z

6. UNKNOWN

7. UNKNOWN

8. UNKNOWN

9. MR. [REDACTED] OF [REDACTED] MUSEUM, HONOLULU, HAWAII TENTATIVELY
   INDENTIFIED OBJECT AS IKEYA SEKI COMET.

BT
    NOTE: ADVANCE COPY DELIVERED TO TGS/DIA, NTN & XOPX.
    CORRECTED COPY OF AF TN 55726 (26 Oct 65)
    RETRANSMITTED TO CIA PER AFHQ FORM 13.2/453.

AFHO                 0-309C

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 60 -

The text in the image is mostly illegible. There appears to be some text at the bottom of the page, but it is too blurry and low-contrast to read clearly.

The image shows a black and white photograph of what seems to be a long, low building or structure, possibly a motel or ranch-style building, situated in a flat, open landscape. The photograph is grainy and dark, with limited detail visible due to the poor image quality.


- page 61 -

The text I can clearly read is:

[Bottom text is partially illegible, but appears to read:]
PHOTO I SEE[...] [rest is unclear]

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of some buildings or houses, possibly in a rural or small town setting, with a bright light or streak in the sky above the structures.


- page 62 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

HAROLD A SCHULTZ, XENIA, OHIO
WEST AREA - WEST
7 MIN EXPOSED at 0520 AM, 7 JUN 65

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of some houses or buildings with a bright light or streak in the sky above them. The photograph looks somewhat grainy and low contrast.


- page 63 -

Here is the text from the document:

HAROLD A SCHULTZ, XENIA, OHIO
COURT "TENT-A-SCOPE"
6 KM EXPOSURE at 0559 AU, 2 SEP 65

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of several houses or buildings with a bright light or streak in the sky above them.


- page 64 -

The text I can read is partially illegible, but appears to say:

[First line is mostly illegible]
[Second line is mostly illegible]
[Third line is mostly illegible]

The image shows a black and white photograph of what appears to be several buildings or houses with a bright light or beam emanating vertically from behind or above them, creating a dramatic lighting effect against a dark background.


- page 65 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Bottom of image caption, partially legible]
FIELD & SOCIETY TECH. CHO
[Rest of text is illegible or cut off]

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of several houses or buildings in a residential area, with what seems to be a bright light or streak in the sky above the buildings.


- page 66 -

Here is the text from the document:

HAROLD A SCHULTZ, XENIA, OHIO
COET TWENTY-NINE
4 MIG PATROLLED SE 0550, JUL 2 NOV 65

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a landscape with several buildings or structures, with a bright light or overexposed area in the sky above the scene.


- page 67 -

NO CASE:    Information Only
SOURCE:    Flying Saucer Review
            Nov-Dec 55

24 Sep 65
Australia

Gorseinon cylinder

The South Wales Evening Post of September 28 published a letter from Mr. K. G. Davies of Gorseinon telling of a daylight sighting by his brother Michael (14) at 12.35 p.m. on September 25. According to the letter, Michael was walking home, but stopped a moment through a break in low clouds he saw a huge object with a long dark rear and a bright companion object.

Two parallel cylinder-shaped black marks ran the length of the squarish underside of the machine. Three were in wings, and the general colour was silver-grey. No other details were known to the Davies added the craft, but their mother heard, and remembered about the peculiar engine noise.


- page 68 -

Here is the text from the document:

HAROLD A SCHRIEIZ, XENIA, OHIO
COAST "THRU-SEXTI"
3 MIN EXPOSURE at 0600 AUG 2 NOV 65

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a landscape with some buildings or structures in the distance, with a bright light or exposure effect in the sky.


- page 69 -

The text on this page is mostly illegible. There appears to be some faint text at the bottom of the page, but it is not clear enough to read with certainty.

The image shows a black and white photograph of several houses or buildings with a bright, elongated light or streak in the sky above them. The photograph appears to be grainy and of low quality, typical of mid-20th century documentation.


- page 70 -

Dayton Daily News
3 October 65

New Comet
Promises
Big Show

CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Oct. 2 (JP)—Astronomers are predicting a spectacular celestial show later this month from a newly discovered comet.

The Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory said yesterday the tail of comet Ikeya-Seki may stretch into the sky higher than 100 million miles. The comet is due Dec. 20, then appears to move slowly across the sky.

DR. FRED Whipple, observatory director and chief of the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory in Cambridge, said the eastern part of the country probably will see the comet and its long tail, "close in the sky" near the sun.

The comet named after two Japanese who discovered it less than two weeks ago is tentatively identified as a "family of sun grazing" comets.

Dr. Whipple said these past sun-grazing comets have produced striking astronomical displays.

HE SAID comets are "dirty snowballs." The comet normally made up of particles blown out of the sun.

At present, the comet can be seen through telescopes and is continuing to be traced even in the southeastern sky about two hours before sunrise.

THE SMITHSONIAN'S notebook says the comet is approaching the sun, making a spectacular display and may be small but bright.


- page 71 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: Leicester Evening Mercury, 25 Sep 65

Ratcliffe College, N.Y
24 September 1965

Mystery Space Ship Is
Too Fast For Z-Car

A COUNTY POLICE SQUAD CAR was called to Ratcliffe College last night to investigate an unidentified flying object.

It was a star that had never budged, but when I looked up it was moving.

Meteors

The four of us watched it a few minutes and then it disappeared.

The four members of the kitchen staff at Ratcliffe College who claim they saw a mystery object in the sky last night are (left to right) Michael Barber, Paul Dalton, Denis O'Connor and Michael Lynch.

Shortly afterwards the driver of the car said he looked up and saw the object moving slowly in the sky.

Mr. Paul Delow, second chef at the college was walking up the drive when he happened to look up and saw the object.

The object was seen from the college and also on the catering staff of the college.

At first I thought it was Jupiter. At first I imagined it was a star.


- page 72 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publishing without your permission. We request that personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Date fields partially filled out]

2. Time of day:
[Hours and Minutes fields with "Circle One" for A.M. or P.M.]

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One)
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Fields for Nearest Postal Address, City or Town, State or County]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
[Fields for Hours, Minutes, Seconds]
Certain
Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright              a. Bright
b. Cloudy              b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)
a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FTD 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 64, which is obsolete


- page 73 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clearsky
b. Cloudy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

Other: [partially illegible text]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and run away at any time?
c. Seem to spin part or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 74 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF WN : 23576 (5 Oct 65) T/rph
ACTION: NTN-7
INFO : XOP-1, XOPX-8, SAF-OS-3, DIA-1 (21)
SMB H13RTTU JAN RUNJ3UA 8084 278163-JUUU--
ZNR UUUUU
R 051542
FM 3635 FL YTGNG STEAD AFB NEV
TO RUNMFVA/ADC
RUNMEWA/28A1RD IV HAMILTON AFB CALIF
MUCIFGA/AFSC
RUEHQWA/CSAF
RUEHQWA/CSAF WASH DC
BT
UNCLAS OP 17149 OCT 1965 FOR : AFSC FTD; CSAF AFNIN;
CSAF SAF01. UFO.
THE FOLLOWING REPORT IS SUBMITTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH PARA 14,
AFR 210-2:

A. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT:
(1) OBJECT APPEARED TO BE A CIRCULAR LIGHT SOURCE.
(2) LIGHT SOURCE WAS BETWEEN THE SIZE OF A PEA AND A
DIME HELD IN THE HAND AT ABOUT ARM'S LENGTH.
(3) THE LIGHT SOURCE WAS AMBER COLORED ABOUT THE
INTENSITY OF SAFETY LIGHTS ON HIGHWAY TRUCK.

AFHQ 0-3096

UNCLASSIFIED

PG 1 of 4
RUEBHQAA.


- page 75 -

UFO form continued

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [partially illegible handwriting]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [partially illegible handwriting]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. East   c. South   d. Southwest   e. West   f. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [miles per hour]

24.3 Did you stop or stay time while you were looking at this object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other        [handwritten note, partially illegible]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words to a common object or situation which, when added up in the sky, would give some appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten response, partially illegible]


- page 76 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

T4. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
[Handwritten response is partially illegible]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
[No response written]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [Handwritten response is illegible]
b. Color: [Handwritten response is illegible]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Handwritten response is partially legible]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you now look as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially exhaust trail or vapor trail. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch of an object is included, with some handwritten notes around it]


- page 77 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[Several paragraphs of text, partially illegible due to image quality]

Unidentified flying ob- [text continues]
jets returned to Central
Ohio Sighting night after an
absence of several weeks.
Any enforcement agency
receiving reports of persons
sighting strange objects in

the sky from points as
widely scattered as North
Columbus, near the Knox
County line and west of
Westerville...

TONE NORTH: Several
residents reported seeing a
disc-shaped object hovering...

Typhoon Spotted
TOKYO, U.S. weather-
men, spotted a new
typhoon about 161 miles
southeast of Guam in the
Western Pacific. The
Ocean Typhoon was moving northwest at 12

miles an hour at 6:15 p.m.
The Knox County sheriff
office at Mt. Vernon re-
ceived several calls telling
of a "flying, flashing" ob-
ject "in the sky" both

Tuesday and Wednesday
nights.

[Additional text continues, partially obscured]

At the bottom of the page, there is some handwritten text that appears to read: "immediately made notes of what I saw... then accompanying data is fresh, only... in something out on the line"


- page 78 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Air Force UFO form continued
Page 7                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Page 8

A meteor which blaze(d) [part of text illegible]
across the Eastern sky Monday night may have been
the unidentified flying object (170 reportedly sighted in Central Ohio chamber
of Commerce meeting Monday night by an Air Force cargo plane in
Central Ohio, being on reports of a UFO, was diverted to look for an object, but
found nothing.

GENERAL OHIO radar installations reported no contacts with the object.
The Air Force spokesman at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base from the Tickfaw County sheriff's office were reported calls telling of
a meteor.

Civilian Journal
Wed., Sept. 29, 1965, Cal.

The Air Force spokesman said the sightings were under investigation by the service's Project Blue Book, the agency charged with investigation and possible identification of UFOs.

[A map of what appears to be a regional map with roads and geographical features is also present on the page]


- page 79 -

Official U.S. Air Force

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curve to show how high the object was when you last saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 80 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

UFO form continued                                                Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

22. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME
(Last Name)                (First Name)            (Middle Name)

ADDRESS
            (Street)                (City)                (State)                (Zone)

TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE                SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Amateur astronomer, physics and telescope
Research chemist 15 years

23. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    (Day)    (Month)    (Year)    Colorado Springs, Dept of Defense, NICAP

The rest of the text is either blacked out or too illegible to read clearly.


- page 81 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Dec 65

Norwick, Connecticut
28 Sep 65

NEWS BRIEFS: The pictures below was taken on the night of September 29th in Norwick, Connecticut, by Ken Skinner, a photographer for the Norwich Bulletin. This moon is at the lower left of the picture and the UFO is at the upper right. Mr. Skinner, who was on his assignment, said that the object hovered for a short while and then sped from view.


- page 82 -

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: Springfield, Mass. Newspaper

UFO Sighted in Connecticut

NORWICH, Conn.—(AP)—Unidentified Flying Object, shown in photograph taken by Ken Skinner on way to an assignment, this town is all over the chatter these days.

Skinner said the object hovered, then sped from view. There were no calls of strange aerial phenomena in the area, Skinner said, and he checked several times.

Flying 'Saucers' Reported
In Sky at Charlemont

GREENFIELD—Three flying saucers were reported Friday night in Franklin County by at least three persons who said they saw the objects in the sky.

Identities Withheld

The objects were described as bright lights moving across the sky. One witness said he could not identify the objects.

The rest of the text is partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document.

The document is dated 1 October 1965 and originates from Greenfield, Mass.


- page 83 -

1 Oct. 1965

Thomdike 1250
Thomset 2140

~25°EL
~215°Az      @    2000


- page 84 -

NO CASE:    Information Only
SOURCE:    AFRO BULLETIN, Sep-Oct 65

30 Sep 65
Norwich, Connecticut

Newsman Photographs UAO

On the night of September 30, 1965, Ken Skinner, photographer for the Norwich (Connecticut) Bulletin, spotted a UAO and photographed it. Skinner claimed the object seemed to change color as he watched it move about for several minutes. "It was like a brilliant light built in the center, then a glow all around it," Skinner said. At various times it looked bluish-green, then orange, grey and blue, Skinner reported.

Although the object seemed to be very high in the sky it was much larger than a star and at one point it moved across the face of the moon, creating an effect something like an eclipse, he told Associated Press. Skinner said he had a drink before making the sighting. "But, I feel like one now."

The photograph has been examined by our photo analyst, John Hopf, and is considered to be authentic.


- page 85 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF ITN : 23576 (5 Oct 65)                                   Pg 2 of 4

AGE 2 RUNBUA3334 UNCLAS

(4) ONE OBJECT WAS OBSERVED.

(5) N/A

(6) N/A

(7) AT FIRST, THERE WAS NO VISIBLE EXHAUST - LATER, SPARKS APPEARED FROM REAR OF OBJECT FOR APPROXIMATELY ONE TO TWO SECONDS GIVING THE APPEARANCE OF THE AFTERBURN FROM A CELEBRATION SKY ROCKET. AS THE OBJECT RAPIDLY ACCELERATED, WHAT APPEARED TO BE SHOCK WAVES DELAYED FROM IT AND TRAILED BEHIND IT. THESE WAVES WERE PALE ORANGE COLOR. AT FIRST, THE SHOCK WAVES APPEARED SHARPLY DEFINED AT POINT AND TRAILED TO THE REAR IN STRAIGHT LINES AT ABOUT A 30-DEGREE ANGLE. LATER WAVES WERE LESS DEFINED AND DIMMER.

(8) NO SOUND WAS HEARD AT ANY TIME.

(9) N/A.

B. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT:
(1) SOURCE STATED THAT HE WAS LOOKING AT THE SKY TO PASS THE TIME AND JUST HAPPENED TO OBSERVE THE OBJECT.

(2) ANGLE WHEN FIRST OBSERVED WAS TEN DEGREES ABOVE THE HORIZON.

AFHQ                 0.309C

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 86 -

HEADQUARTERS
MIDDLETOWN AIR MATERIEL AREA
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OLMSTED AFB, PENNSYLVANIA 17057

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: J

14 OCT 65

SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTING ON UFOB

TO: DIR (Capt - USAF, Martinsburg)
     ATTN: AFODC-DO, Ohio 43437

at round 1630w, 30 old sighting on recent UFO report 1 was advised
that a mass have been an ground by its Fur Investigation. Your
cooperation is greatly appreciated.

[Signature appears to be signed]

Chief, Office of Information

MAAMA (K)
OLMSTED AFB, PA. 17057

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS


- page 87 -

Lebanon Daily News, Lebanon, Pa., Tuesday, September 28, 1965

'Ball Of Fire' Seizes Off More Saucer Reports

A "ball of fire" sighted overhead between 8 and 10 p.m. Monday set-off a wave of flying saucer reports in Lebanon and other Pennsylvania communities.

A spokesman at the Allegheny Observatory near Pittsburgh told United Press International the object was "probably a meteor" but persons who saw it disagreed among themselves.

Reports first came to the Daily News from residents in Jonestown and Rockwood who said they had sighted the ball-like object which appeared to identify themselves.

Mrs. Clyde Campbell, Lebanon RD 5, was one of the callers who did not identify herself. Sue said she had been driving home about 8:35 p.m. when she and her husband saw a "round ball of green fire" in the North Lebanon Township sky.

Chief William Kimmel also reported seeing the phenomenon but found nothing when they went to investigate.

The CD Center Called

(Continued on Page Two)

At the Center in the Municipal Building said eight calls came in to that center between 9:00 and 10:43 p.m.

The U. S. Weather Bureau at the Harrisburg - York State Airport said the object was seen in many calls from persons who said they saw a "brilliant walk light" in the heavens.

Residents of Warren, Pa., in the western portion of the state, reported that an unexplained explosion occurred about the same time that a bright light appeared in the sky. The explanation reportedly rattled home and buildings and damaged a good of telephone calls to local and newspaper offices.

Authorities in Warren today are reportedly attempting to trace the origin of the blast and determine its cause.

At the same time, pilots of two airlines flying over New York State also reported seeing a brilliant light near the campus of the state planes.

At Warren, Borough Patrolman William Zerbe reported the Associated Press that he saw the light and heard the explosion.

People came running out of their houses, he said. "The light was so bright they could see it through their doors."


- page 88 -

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY
SOURCE: DAYTON JOURNAL HERALD, 28 SEP 65

27 SEP 65
WARREN, PENNSYLVANIA

Meteorite Flash
Believed Seen

WARREN, Pa. (AP) - An unusually bright light, flashed across the sky over a wide area of western Pennsylvania last night, about the same time, this community was jarred by a rumbling explosion.

Residents and police said the light was believed to be that of a meteorite.

Warren police received several calls after the light and explosion throughout town.

William Zane, a Warren newspaper patrolman, said he was riding a patrol car at the time.

"I saw a flash of light," he said. "I drove about two or three blocks and heard the explosion. People came running out of their houses. I pulled to the curb, and they told me that a noise came their windows and rattled their doors."

Telephone conversation between Mr Terry Kelly of the Dayton Daily News on 29 Sep 65 with Mrs Stancomb (TDN). He had checked with the police department at Warren Pennsylvania. They verified the time of the meteor observation as 0855p=EDT.

27 Sep 65.


- page 89 -

Project Bluenoma Burch
Wright Patterson A.F.B.
Ohio 45433

Sighting by-                 9yrs old.
8:50 P.M. 9/27/65

Out of Wash-West- Traveling - South Cont
Bellair Front. Sheridan Bend - Bella Vista
Heard Boone. 2 seconds after sighting

New Castle, Pa 16101
Pl


- page 90 -

1 - 15 OCTOBER 1965 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER                EVALUATION

Oct     Oklahoma Reports                        Multi                   See Case
Oct     Houston, Texas                          (19 Reports Filed Aug - Dec Billing AFB Folder)
Oct     Northern Hemisphere                     Multiple (PHOTOS)       Astro (COMET NSGRA)
Oct     Clarksburg, West Virginia               Astro (JUPITER)
Oct-27-Oct 55 Anderson AFB, Guam               Military (RADAR)         Other (FALSE TARGET)
1       Glacier National Park, Montana          Astro (MARS)            Satellite
1       Los Angeles, California                 Other (SATELLITE DECAY)
2       Dayton, Ohio                            Satellite
2       Kano AFB, Oregon                        Aircraft
2       Dayton, Ohio                            1. Aircraft
2       Hcusch, Pennsylvania                    2. Astro (METEOR)
2       Monroe, New York                        Other (DEBRIS IN WIND)
2       South San Gabriel, California           Satellite
3       Independence, Kentucky                  Insufficient Data
3       Cannon AFB, New Mexico                  Astro (VENUS)
3       39.35N 125.35W (Pacific)                Astro (ARCTURUS)
3       Molla, Missouri                         Aircraft
4       McSherrytown and Hanover, Penn          Satellite
4       Mayan, Pennsylvania                     Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
4       Cupertino, California                   Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
6       39.42N 127.32W                          Other (MISSILE-THORAGAN)
7       Centaury, West Virginia                 Astro (METEOR)
7       Edwards AFB, California (Traces)        Insufficient Data
                                                Military (Visual)       1. Astro (STAR/PLANET)
                                                (RADAR)                 2. Balloon
                                                                        3. Returns Due to meteor-
                                                                           ological condition.
8       Manhattan, New York                     Ground Observer         Aircraft
10      Taipei                                  Unknown                 Insufficient Data
10      46.091 126.02W                                                  Insufficient Data
10      Huntsville, Alabama                                             Astro (METEOR)
10      Laredo, Texas                                                   Aircraft
10      Miamisburg, Ohio                                                Astro (METEOR)
11      Chicago, Illinois                                               Astro (VENUS)
12      Montgomery, New York                                            Aircraft
13      Seawa, (Seine), France                                          Aircraft (HEIO)
14      Orsa K.I. Sawyer AFB, Michigan                                  Astro (METEOR)
14      New York, New York                                              Astro (VENUS)
14      El Campo, Texas                                                 Other (BIRDS)
14-19   Bexley, Ohio                                                    Aircraft
15      Sunnyvale, California                                           Astro (MARS/VENUS)
                                                                        Astro (METEOR)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                SOURCE                  EVALUATION
2       Salem, Massachusetts                    NICAP                   Causes: News
2       South, Connecticut                      Source: News            Source: News
2       Latta, North Carolina                   Newscliping             Investigating Committee
9       Napa, California                        Flying Saucer News
10      Dayton, Ohio                            Flying Saucer Investigating Committee
10      Cleveland, Ohio                         Saucer News
10      Tours, France                           (Ufn)
12      Epping, New Hampshire
15      Springfield, Massachusetts
15      Laredo, West Virginia                   (Ufn)


- page 91 -

THE AUGUST WAVE

No case, Informal
Source: IRIS, Vol.

(Editor's note: The following article was compiled by Mr. Pace D.
W. Hyder, Acting Director, Department
of Public Information, Department
of Public Safety, from telegraphic information on the recent August wave
of UFO reports.)

wise it le
(telephone
log: OHQ
Hq)
the concig
sighted a
homa High
homa Dept.

On Thur
day, depart
partment c
motor car
in the nort
City to buy
said as she
homa City
she saw 1
pasture. Sh
was driv
served to
high and
feet high &
waits. S
the bowl
10:00 A.M.

At 8:44
following 1
report frc
Monty Hov
Street. Th
landed in 1
and is still
At 8:49
same wave
a report fr
muda of
over a fie
miles south
traveling t
airport. A
altitude. At
he had
reporting f
which app
veline not
people call

The information presented here
comes from telegraphic information relayed into the Oklahoma
Highway Patrol Communications
Center by the Oklahoma Patrol Command, Oklahoma, from various
highway patrol headquarters over
the state. This information was then
relayed to the Weather Wire teletype system and fed to both wire
services as well as all major newspapers, television and radio stations
across the state of Oklahoma.

The first message came in on July 31st "3:52 P.M. The message went like this: "At approximately 1:30 A.M. on July 31st, a Wayne, wood (Oklahoma) police officer Lewis Sikes, observed an object in the sky at approximately 10,000 feet about five miles northeast of Wynnewood emitting a red, blue and white light. The officer could hear no engine noise whatsoever. The object appeared to hover in the one spot and the officer observed it for 45 minutes before reporting it to the Oklahoma Highway Patrol Communication Tower at Elmore, Tinker Field was advised of the information and they made a radar check and came up with a fix at the location giving 8,000 feet."

At 8:49 other government installations as to air traffic within the area given None was reported. At this time Caswell Air Force Base aimed their radar at the same location and came up with the same fix as Tinker. Both of the bases tracked the object. It is pointed out that this was the first time from both radar scopes. It was picked up again just a few minutes later and tracked to a location 29 miles south of Tinker Field at which time

it was lost again and not relocated.
When the object was first located in
the vicinity of Wayne, Oklahoma,
passing in the vicinity of Wayne,
wood at 5,000 feet but the sighting
could not make visual contact with
the object. As of now said object has
not been resighted nor is there any
other information available as to the
nature of it. Authority: Oklahoma
Highway Patrol Tower and Tinker
Air Force Base, Oklahoma.

This was the first of the reports.
It was the only one the patrol received on Saturday, July 31st, 1965.
Sunday, August 1st, 1965, was a different story. At 9:19 P.M. August 1, 1965, the following message went out from the highway patrol headquarters Continental Flying Objects (APRO) representative at IOUFO learned about the sighting.

"Since 8:00 P.M. date, the tower
has received in the neighborhood of
25 to 30 visual sightings, many by
police officers and highway patrol
troopers of various unidentified flying objects from the Purcell area
through Wayne, Dibble, Cement,
Chandler and back south through
Meeker and Shawnee.

Three Shawnee officers and their
captain have four of the objects in
sight at this time. Also another has
crept up from the south of Tecumseh and is apparently going to
fly directly over Shawnee. The sighting is of four objects varying in
a reddish color and varying to a
white and blue luster. Shawnee reports the objects seem to be flying
four to a formation in a diamond-type formation.

Tinker Air Force Base has had
from one to four of them on radar
at a time, and they advise they
flying very high, at approximately
22,000 feet, which seems to coincide with the visual sightings, all of
which are very high in the sky.
Other reports the same night went

10 like this: Sheriff's Office, Chandler

1


- page 92 -

No case, Informant Source: IRR, Vol. 1

Advised to telephone IRR to get the conclusion signed.

On Thursday afternoon, a report moved in the northwest of Chandler - OHP unit checking out: "P.D. Norman and P.D. Purcell have spotted a UFO stationary object, between Norman and Purcell - northwest of Purcell and southwest of Norman - Tinker Field, OK." Unable to do so at this time with radio "Wichita Falls, Texas, also notified to look."

"UFO reported seen 16 miles east of Fogan at 9:30 P.M. headed in a southeasterly direction" subject name Carl Brodafont, address Liberal, Kansas - apparently this same object came over Gayman headquarters and advice of UFO south of Guymon - advised it looked like large comet with fireworks but was too high for plane and there were no stars around it - party did not give name. OHP Guymon End.

Although there were numerous other reports from other sources above were all of the reports which moved on the highway patrol wire on August 1st. On Monday, August 2nd, 1965, the following report moved on the wire. At 2:00 P.M. August 2nd, the following message moved on the wire: "Report of an other UFO, information relayed from police department Cushing, OHP Pawne district headquarters, a Mr. J. C. Knoch and his son advise they sighted another UFO northeast of Cushing at 12:50 P.M. was circular in shape had black stripes or black windows didn't know which. No size or any other information was given. Subject addressed telephone Capitol 5-3527. Authority: P.D. Cushing and OHP Pawne."

At 3:41 P.M. the following information moved on the wire from Oklahoma Department of Public Safety Headquarters in Oklahoma City. The report came via phone call: "Note report in black ink in Oklahoma City at 3:50 P.M. The boys reported that the object they sighted was glowing. They said it was traveling east and disappeared."

Another later report went like this: "Have another report of a UFO over Norman Max Westheimer Field, northwest of Westheimer Field traveling in a northwesterly direction from 12:00 P.M. straight up... At a high rate of speed, report comes from the police department now, reported by three people who at the sheriff's office to Norman, were interviewed. They lost sight of it as it traveled out of sight northwest of the city. At 9:31 P.M. the following moved on the wire from the Darunt patrol headquarters Trooper No. 236, Obert Bennett, OHP Unit 101, is north of Guymon at this time and has a green UFO which is traveling, in a northeasterly direction, pretty high up... He advised a jet plane is also flying in the general direction and seems pretty close to the object. Although the security officer at Tinker Field reports he has been swamped with calls this past hour from people reporting UFOs."

The following was advised: Police Department, they advise Charles Boyd, of Cleveland County, Norman, just called in on a citizens band and has confirmation by four other people at the scene of a UFO. A white plane, thirty to forty feet in diameter, twenty degrees above the horizon east southeast of Norman at 3:50 P.M. They were observ- ing the object, which appears to move forward, backward, then up and down, through a tripoddmounted 160 power telescope. Authority: P.D. Norman.

At 10:53 P.M. on August 2nd, this report moved: "Have a report from several citizens in Woodward from Woodard. This was reported by several different sources, then verified by Woodward police officer Jim Peak, who advised the object was moving southwest at about the speed of a propeller driven aircraft.


- page 93 -

No case, Information Source: TIR, Vol. 1

However, it was an all-over re-flow, and did not resemble an airplane or an airplane's flashing run ning lights. Oklahoma DPS Clearinghouse was all of the reports received on August 2nd. On Tuesday, August 4th the Oklahoma Department of Public Safety Headquarters in Oklahoma City received several reports but we do not have the text of those messages to report.

The night the conditions sighted and home Highway Patrol Depart

On Thursday last, a motorist stopped and employed a member of the Oklahoma City to buy some gas. She said it is better with our kind of people. She said it's a UGH 10:00 A.M.

At 8:44 P.M. following a report from Monty Howard Street, Tulsa, landed in his car and is still there at this time.

At 8:49 P.M. the following message moved on the wire: "Have a report from Unit Seventeen at Seiling, Oklahoma, of an object hovering over a field approximately fifteen miles southwest of Seiling and is traveling up and down from approximately two hundred feet altitude to approximately one thousand feet altitude. Also, Shawnee P.D. advised he has had approximately thirty calls reporting four or five flying objects which appear to hover. These are the same which natives from Shawnee. The people calling are not making any conventional noise such as an aircraft does, but rather make a humming noise. There were four objects, green in color at approximately four thousand feet, estimated by a private plane which observed the objects, and they are traveling slowly at about one mile inter-

pletely and stood still then went east and suddenly disappeared from sight. The first ones were orange lights, the ones that joined them had red and green lights like airplanes.

P.D. Cushing also observed the same red lights: "Unit 8 at Hobart has reported sporting a UFO flying north from Granite, flying rather high - usual description white with red on black."

Cushing has reported four of the objects, two to the south of Cushing and two to the west, flying in a southerly direction. Oklahoma Highway Patrol Gains No. 30 and No. 40 have also made visual sightings.

Reports have come from individuals: Mr. Bill Trapp, one and a half miles west of Enid; one at 1.5, 66, and various others. Also have reports from a Paul Frazier at 1927 South Gary, Tulsa, and a police officer at Tulsa.

At 9:04 P.M. the same date the following moved on the wire: "At 8:57 P.M. date from P.D. Norman, a report of one UFO of the same character described in the above ones over Shawnee, located in a northerly direction from the northwest parts of the city." At 9:28 P.M. this message moved: "Tulsa OHP reports that the UFO that supposedly landed in Tulsa has gone at this time ... The object was described as a greenish-white color, approximately eight feet across, as seen from a distance of approximately one mile by Mr. Howard (who reported it). He ad-

1


- page 94 -

No case; Information Cally
Source: IIB, Vol. 1, No. 4, Nov 65

31 Jul - 05 Aug 65
Tinker AFB, Okla Area

vised it left before he got off the
telephone from reporting it. Author-
ing; OHP Tula.

The night of August 5th marked
the conclusion of reports of UFO
sightings in the vicinity of the Oklahoma Highway Patrol and the Oklahoma Department of Public Safety.

On Thursday, August 5th, a fruit
stand employee reported to the Department of Public Safety that a
motorist stopped at the stand located
in the northeast part of Oklahoma
City to buy some fruit. The motorist
said as he was approaching Oklahoma City from the west on U.S. 66
she saw a UFO flying slowly over a
pasture. She said it was silver in color with orange stripes on it and it
seemed to be spinning like a top.
She said it was approximately 300
feet high and about the size of a
washub. She made the sighting of
the bowl-shaped object at about
10:00 A.M.

At 8:44 P.M. on August 5th, the
following message went out on the
a report from Tulsa, a subject named
Monty Howard, at 5610 West Tenth
Street, Tulsa, reported a UFO had
landed in his field back of his house
and is still there at this time.

At 8:49 P.M. the following message moved on the wire: "Have
a report of Unit Seventeen at Seminole of a UFO that is hovering
over a field approximately fifteen
miles southwest of Seminole and is
traveling up and down from a low
vimately two hundred feet altitude
to approximately one thousand feet
altitude. Also, Shawnee P.D. advised
he has had approximately thirty calls
reporting four or five flying objects
which appear to lighted globes, traveling northwest from Shawnee. The
people calling in report they make
no conventional noise such as an aircraft does, but rather make a humming noise. There were four objects
greenish to white in color at approximately four thousand feet, estimated by a private plane which observed
the objects, and they are traveling
singly at about one minute intervals."

1


- page 95 -

Here is the text from the document:

Two Oklahoma City girls reported seeing a flare in the southwest part of the City.

Mary Beth Tucker, 16, of 4504 SW 54 Pl., said, "We saw a flare. It was white. We were driving along and saw it. We thought it was dying. We were on SW 44 just off Walker. It looked like it was over T. H. 35."

Her companion, Sherry R. Furtado, 13, of 322 SE 19, said, "It scared us to death." Goodwump were all over.

A small white parachute carrying a burnt out flare was brought to Oklahoma City police headquarters about 11 p.m. Little had told police that a flare had told police from the skies and land on S. Shields.

A little excitement turned to chuckles at headquarters when the parachute was discovered to be a crudely made floater apparently constructed from something that resembled a woman's white scarf.

About six white strings was a heavy object that resembled a well-worn cigar butt.

Officers, searching their heads, said it really was the remains of a flare.

But no one anywhere had courage enough even to hint there were any little green men connected with the whole thing.

Headline: Bright Objects in Sky Set Phones, Nerves Jingling

The image shows a person in a law enforcement uniform, wearing sunglasses and a cap, standing in a pose with one hand on their hip.

The caption reads: "From the heavens, though probably from a standard earth-type plane, came this crudely-built flare parachute Sunday night in the midst of dozens of reported sightings of unidentified flying objects in the city area. The chute, held by officer Richard Boyd, was spotted floating down near SE 53 and Shields, by Doyle Pate, 1313 SW 38."


- page 96 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF TIN: 23576 (5 Oct 65)                                 Pg. 3 of 4

(3) AT THE T IME THE OBJECT DISAPPEARED IT WAS AT
PAGE 3 RUNJSUA 3384 UNCLAS
APPROXIMATELY 70 DEGREES AZIMUTH.

(4) OBJECT TRAVELED IN A SOUTH TO NORTH DIRECTION FROM
POINT OF OBSERVATION. SOURCE STATED THAT THE FLIGHT PATH
APPEARED TO BE STRAIGHT AND NORMAL.

(5) WHEN THE OBJECT DISAPPEARED THERE WAS AN INSTANTANEOUS
CUTOFF OF THE LIGHT WHEN THE OBJECT WAS S.W. OF OBSERVATION POINT.

(6) THE SOURCE STATED OBSERVATION LASTED FOR FOUR (4) MINUTES.

C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
(1) THE OBSERVATION WAS GROUND VISUAL.
(2) AFTER ORIGINAL SIGHTING SOURCE STATED THAT HE USED
BINOCULARS DURING REMAINDER OF OBSERVATION.
(3) N/A.

D. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING:
(1) 1042 29 SEP 1965
(2) NIGHT

E. LOCATION OF OBSERVER:
THE OBSERVER WAS ON DUTY IN A GUARD TOWER AT THE NEVADA
STATE PRISON LOCATED ONE MILE EAST OF CARSON CITY.

AFHO         0-309C

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 97 -

Here is the OCR text from the newspaper page:

THE DAILY OKLAHOMAN

[Headline] Discs in Sky Sell Phones, Nerves Jing

[Partial text from left column, some words are partially illegible]
Continued from page one

[Text continues but partially obscured]

The reported sightings this evening will be investigated by an Air Force team and additional information on the reported sightings will be available from headquarters U.S. Air Force.

[More text partially obscured]

First sighting report Sunday night was from the area between Purcell and Morman. Others, however, could not verify any moving objects in the sky but noted the evening Star was unusually brilliant.

In the midst of all the flurry of UFO reports, some will reject out of hand such testimony on the highway patrol or elsewhere.

[Right column text is partially cut off and difficult to fully read]

Police in three southwestern New Mexico cities rejected reports of objects in the sky. Witnesses said they chased color from white to orange.

New Mexico sightings were reported at Hobbs, Carlsbad and Artesia City.

In Bartlesville, a caller told police he saw what appeared to be either a plane on fire going down southwest of Bartlesville or a large fighter.

A Del City resident reported he saw an object move east to west across the sky, charging from red to white and back to red. He said it took about a minute and a half for it to traverse the sky from horizon to horizon.


- page 98 -

Here is the OCR text from the newspaper page:

THE DAILY O[illegible remainder of masthead]

Bright Objects in Sky Se[illegible remainder of headline]

By Jim Jackson
[rest of first column text is partially illegible]

[Headline visible text continues]
Polices in three southwest New Mexico cities reported bright objects in the sky. Witnesses said they changed color from orange.

New Mexico sightings were reported at Hobbs, Carlsbad and Artesia City.

In Barlesville, a caller told police he saw what appeared to be a large object going down southwest on a large meteror.

A Del City resident reported he saw an object move easily in the sky, changing from red to white and back to red. He said it took about a minute and a half for it to traverse the sky from horizon to horizon.

First sightings report Sunday night was from the area between Purcell and Norman. Officers, however, could not verify any moving objects in the sky. But the Evening Star was unusually brilliant.

In the midst of all the influx of UFO reports, some wit tapped out his sentiments on the highway patrol weather bureau-news room wire: "I think I go to bed."

Sunday night's reports followed an early Saturday and Carswell Air Force Base, Fort Worth, Lewis Sikes, on night police duty in Wynnewood, watched what he had flashing red, white and blue lights and described it as moving about 10,000 feet northeast of town.

[Note: Some text is partially obscured or illegible due to image quality]


- page 99 -

Here is the text from the document:

OKLAHOMA CITY TIMES Monday, August 2, 1965

More Evidence Claimed

'Saucers' Fly Pattern

"I have several lines our planet. Wouldn't you say the ground and get in there?"
drawn into our shipping time Mars?" "I already and really go to work on it I
into something," a clerk is too early to tell." "Wouldn't you say the would be more inclined to

With that, Hayden Hewes, work without sleep on talk," he said.
Oklahoma City shipping Sunday night as he watched "Most people are interested clerk who spends his time the skies from the highway "in the being flying these
investigating flying patrol's headquarters in Edg- things. But I'm more inter-
saucers, busted himself Mon- mond, said he saw nothing esting in the propulsion and
day with pointing the course of unusual." the material of which it is
an unidentified flying object "I myself and six highway constructed."
reported sighted over Okla- patrolmen and a television "As far as I know, nothoma and eight other states. cameraman saw -an object ing there. As to what I

He said there have been as many as 2,000 reports from the area, many from Oklahoma. Hewes believes the sightings since Biblical times have been scout ships from outer space, flown by intelligent beings.

Monday, he was compiling a chronological listing of sightings that began in Wynewood two days ago and spread throughout the state and adjoining areas by Sunday night.

Of the latest reports, Hewes said: "It's too confusing. It is possible they are interplanetary. It is equally possible they are a government project or something else."

He said, however, he leans more toward the spaceman theory, explaining: "It is possible it was a slight invasion for information" about

flashing red, white and blue lights and hovering for about an hour."

Bill Reefer, an associate of Hewes, said he saw one thing. "I saw something. I wouldn't elaborate. When I get one of these things on film, I'll tell you more."

wouldn't hazard a guess."


- page 100 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Hayden Hewes plots "saucer" course.

Sky Objects
Excite Region
By Jack Taylor

Reports of unidentified flying objects swamped four states before dawn Monday.

Sightings were reported in Oklahoma, many on the Oklahoma Highway Patrol tracking unit) and that they moved peculiarly with the clear and some of the bright sky.

A spokesman explained that it was exceptionally strange lighting for the horizon.

Sightings were reported in a steady stream between 5 p.m. Sunday and 3 a.m. Monday in Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico and Kansas.

Air force bases and air force bases centered throughout the area reported tracking something.

The deluge of reports is the heaviest in the 17-year history of UFO's, he said.

City Calls Heavy
Oklahoma City police said they received 30 to 40 UFO reports during the night.

Oklahoma Highway Patrol headquarters reported a similar experience and at one point three dispatchers couldn't handle all the reports.

Reports of UFO's poured in from Pecos, Monahans, Odessa, Midland, Fort Worth, Canyon and Durant, Texas; Hobbs, Carlsbad and Artesia, N. M.; Oxford, Belle Plaine, Winfield, Caldwell, Abilene, Liberal and Wichita, Kan.

In Oklahoma, they came from Chickasha, Shawnee, Cushing, Guymon, Moore, Tulsa, Purcell, Norman, Meeker, Chandler, G.s.g., Del City and Oklahoma City.

The air force's official UFO center at Wright-Patterson AFB in Dayton, Ohio, was reported launching an investigation Monday.

An air force spokesman for the Oklahoma City Air Defense Command said he was certain that a plane was sent after one of the UFO's.

North American Air Defense Command at Colorado Springs was reported in touch with the air force in connection with the UFO sighting.

The Sedgwick County sheriff's office at Wichita, Kan., said the sheriff's office had tracked several UFO's at altitudes of 5,000 to 9,000 feet.

The Oklahoma Highway Patrol said their "Tinker" was tracking as many as four UFO's on its radar screen at one time, estimated their altitude at about 2,000 feet. A Tinker spokesman, however, declined comment.

Photograph description: A person is seated at a desk, leaning over and working on something, with what appears to be a model or diagram in front of them. The image is labeled "Hayden Hewes plots 'saucer' course."


- page 101 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Stars in Their Eyes? Many Insist 'Flying Objects' Seen

Despite Air Force claims appear to dance when... Inward police officer, tests that would not

that Oklahomans were liter- viewed through layers of the Jr. Peak, said he verified, close was flying over the

ally "seeing wars," reports continued to flood in of un- neighborhood.

identified flying object sight-

ings.

THEORY OFFERED
Mystery Objects
There All Along?

Dale Johnson, director of the Kirkpatrick Planetarium, said if is a "mystery" that the Air Force got its "information" that the objects may have been the planet Jupiter.

"Jupiter is not in view this time of year," Johnson said.

The only planets visible now are Mars, which is overhead in the early evening, and Venus. Saturn comes into view in the morning.

People may be seeing Antares, a star in the south, which can cause color distortion or Vega, which is overhead about 9 p.m.

One report even had a UFO land near Justin, Texas. It miles from Denton.

Other reports had green or red UFOs and brilliant white UFOs zipping through unusually clear skies.

Hundreds of reports streamed into The Highway Patrol, police departments, Tinker Air Force Base, the U.S. Weather Bureau and news media for the third straight week.

The Air Force statement stuck from Washington, D.C. that some reports could be observations of a Delta meteor shower occurring last two days temperature

Look at the sky long enough and you'll see — of imagine you see — all sorts of things, particularly if you're not accustomed to sky-watching.

That's why so many people are seeing mysterious flying objects, explains Dale Johnson, director of the Kirkpatrick Planetarium.

He says the natural phenomenon which cause such sightings are present at this time, but usually go unnoticed.

"Normally," he says, "people don't pay much attention to the sky. But when you have a lot of people gazing skyward, they'll see things they never paid any attention to before."

Johnson believes that in a great majority of cases, people who report seeing strange stars are simply bright stars that they hadn't noticed before.

Also, certain atmospheric conditions, such as "scintillating," make distant objects appear to move around or change color.

This is also the time of year, explains Johnson, when there are an unusual large number of meteors. The next strong meteor shower will be August 10 and it will be interesting to see if we get a large number of UFO reports at that time.

Johnson believes many of the UFOs may be such planets as Mars, Venus, Saturn, Antares or Vega. All appear much brighter than other stars this time of year.

Another bright planet, Jupiter, is not visible this year.

"I'm not saying people are not seeing what they report," Johnson points out. "I believe they are simply seeing a phenomenon before, one which creates some kind of optical illusion."

Since the current rash of UFO sightings started, Johnson has observed sides several nights hoping to spot some unusual objects.

OKLAHOMA CITY TIMES Tuesday, August 3, 1965 11


- page 102 -

Here is the text from the document:

DAILY OKLAHOMA NEWS PAPER
U. F. O.
3 AUGUST, 1965

[Cartoon dialogue in speech bubbles]
"I'M SURE I SAW SOME PEOPLE DOWN THERE!"

"YOU AREN'T GOING TO START THOSE SILLY RUMORS AGAIN, ARE YOU?"

The image is a black and white cartoon depicting a flying saucer with two cartoon aliens inside, hovering over a landscape with some small figures below. The cartoon appears to be making a humorous commentary about UFO sightings and alien encounters.


- page 103 -

Daily Oklahoman Newspaper
3 August 1961-

GARAGE-TOP ROOST is a keen vantage point for tracking unidentified flying objects, these young star gazers decided Monday night. Twelve-year-old Asa Mayes, (r), left, 4100 NW 21 Terr., and Randy Stansell, 14, of 4120 NW 21 Terr., like hundreds of other city residents, spent the evening scanning the skies for those mystery flying objects. Story on Page 1. Staff Photo by Bob Heaton.


- page 104 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

OKLAHOMA CITY TIMES
24 Thursday July 22, 1965

Interest Revived in Sightings by 'Saucer' Fans

Chicago Daily News Service told photographing of the Washington said the issue of the objects are from other countries.
Renewed interest in unidentified flying objects has Richard Hall, acting director overseas in UFO sightings of extra-terrestrial intelligence. The Air force office informed up to indicate that have revealed the so-called
been stirred by two recent of the National Investigating Committee on Aerial Hall said so far most of the 17 years the air force Maj. Hector Quintanilla, balloons, satellites and even
sightings of them overseas has Committee (NICAP) in his group believe that the increase has been in this has been investigating such flying saucers to be astro-

Disappointed City at a CTUFO Ber Now

Hopeful Gazer Draws Blank

By Ben Berger

THE SKYS not at least one new member Tuesday.
He this is eligible for membership in the CTUFO lodge.

SKYS is the Stiff Neck From Scanning Skies, while
CTUFO's Carl Furl Unidentified Flying Objects.

The skies were clear shortly night and a consider-
able area chart provided the strong spotlight that
appeared were the galaxy of stars, including the only
one the viewer could identify, the Big Dipper, and possi-
bly the North Star, which is pointed out by the Big Dip-
per.

Nearly falling to a UFO observed was the handle of
the Big Dipper. When caught in the fringes of the little
halo of charged color, and when movement placed it in
the typical saucer-like speed.

There was one triangular form of stars directly
overhead. The brightness formed by its peak and a west

star, while the right angle was based with a brightly
shining north star.

One anxious moment came when after observing
other stars the triangular form was immediately to locate
- but it was there bright as ever when the aging, rather
weary eyes were able to focus properly.

If Jupiter, Rigid Capella in Aldebaran were present
they were not identified by the amateur observer.

This by no means implies there are no UFOs flying
around in our atmosphere - means simply the SKYS
new member couldn't locate one.

There's one bright spot in this new talk of UFO - it
has brought lots of people from front of the black box
in its air-conditioned lobby.

Some Oklahoma Cityans breathed god ole fresh air
- and walked the stars (in the sky) for the first time in


- page 105 -

Here is the text from the document:

OKLAHOMA CITY TIMES
Thursday, July 22, 1965

WIN ALL EXPENSE PAID TRIP
TO LOS ANGELES TO ATTEND 19

[Image of an American Airlines airplane]

Oklahoma City Times 3 Aug 65

Disappointed City an CFUFO'er Now

Hopeful Gazer Draws Blank
By Ben Berger

THE SNFSS had at least one new member Tuesday.
His tale is eligible for membership in the CFUFO lodge.

SNFSS is the Stiff Neck from Scanning Skies, while
CFUFO is Can't Find Unidentified Flying Objects.

The skies were clear Monday night and a comfortable lawn chair provided the viewing spot—but all that appeared were the galaxy of stars, including the only one the viewer could identify, the Big Dipper, and possibly the North star, which is pointed out by the Big Dipper.

Nearest thing to a UFO observed was the handle of
the Big Dipper. When caught in the fringes of the bifocals it changed color, and when moved a bit in the bifocal section it moved.

There was one triangular form of stars directly overhead. The hypothesis formed by an east and west

star, while the right angle was based with a brightly
shining north star.

One anxious moment came when after observing other stars the triangle could not immediately be located—but it was there, back as ever when again able to weary eyes were able to focus properly.

If Jupiter, Rigel Capella, or Aldebaran were present
they were not identified by the amateur observer.

This is by no means implies there are no UFOs flying around our neighborhood—it merely simply means a new SNFSS member couldn't locate one.

There's one bright spot to this new talk of UFOs—it has brought lots of people from in front of the black box—and watched the stars (in the sky) for the first time in years.

Some Oklahoma Citians breathed good or fresh air


- page 106 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Air Intelligence Staff's Plagued

(Editor's Note: John Causten Currey, who prepared the following report, has an extensively background in aviation and military intelligence affairs going back to World War II.)

[The rest of the text continues, but due to the image quality, some parts are slightly difficult to read completely. I'll provide the most accurate OCR possible:]

The recent rash of reports on unidentified flying objects (UFO's) revives a problem which has plagued air intelligence staffs for nearly two decades.

[The text continues with discussions about UFO sightings, scientific observations, and various reports from different locations and time periods. The article appears to be an analysis of UFO sightings, their characteristics, and potential explanations.]

Key sections include discussions about:
- Daytime and night-time UFO sightings
- Balloon-carried scientific instruments
- Observations from different continents
- Descriptions of lights, movements, and shapes of UFO phenomena

The document seems to be from a newspaper or official report, discussing UFO sightings and attempts to understand their nature.


- page 107 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN.: 23576 (5 Oct 65)                                   PG 4 OF 4

IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ON OBSERVER:
CIVILIAN -                , AGE 44

PAGE 4 RUMBJA 3084 UNCLAS

MR. 77, CARSON CITY, NEVADA, TELEPHONE             , OCCUPATION-
PRISON GUARD, OBSERVER RETIRED FROM US NAVY WITH 21 YEARS'
SERVICE. IN JUNE 1960. SOURCE STATED HE WAS A PILOT DURING HIS
LAST 5 YEARS' SERVICE.

G. WEATHER AND WINDS: OBSERVER STATED THAT THE CEILING WAS
UNLIMITED AND VISIBILITY WAS EXCELLENT. THE CLOUD COVER WAS
NONE TO POINT ONE. NO THUNDERSTORM ACTIVITY IN AREA.

NNNN

NOTE: ADVANCE COPY DELIVERED TO DIA

AFHO 0-3090                                      UNCLASSIFIED


- page 108 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Oklahoma City Times Newspaper 4 September 1965

Licence Stuff's Plagued by 'Objects' for 20 Years

[Several paragraphs of text, partially illegible due to image quality, but key sections include:]

THERE - Satellites account for many sightings. If the "star" is moving in the wrong direction and is not a plane, it is probably a manmade satellite. At present, Echo satellites and 1 of the Pegasus orbiters are visible to the naked eye on regular schedule. Others seen with our glasses have included the Atlas that had President Eisenhower's record voice aboard, and various short-lived lookouts and casings.

Echo II Up 5 Years
[Some text about satellite observations, partially illegible]

[The article continues with discussions about satellite observations and their characteristics, but the full text is not completely clear due to the scan quality]

View's Range 12-20 Minutes
[Final paragraph appears to discuss satellite viewing ranges, but is partially illegible]


- page 109 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star?
By Jim Jackson and Ivy Coffey
Of the State Staff

Stars, meteors and unusual atmospheric conditions were the official Air Force explanations Sunday night for a rash of flying objects seen throughout the week of Oklahoma and into neighboring states.

Meanwhile, sightings of unexplained objects in the sky were continuing.

The objects, sometimes described as glowing lights, were spotted in Norman, Blanchard, Woodward, Tishomingo, Durant, Hobart, Oklahoma City and other parts of the state.

The lights were reported over a period of several hours and varied in size, shape and color.

In Cushing, J. C. Knoch, used furniture dealer, and his son, Ricky, 11, saw what they described as a large circular object flying over northeast Cushing at 12:50 p.m. Monday in full daylight.

Knoch, in the process of building a new furniture store, was looking out the window of his shop when he spotted the object. He described it as having black stripes or black wings and silver on the bottom side. It almost hurt his eyes to look at it, he said.

Four boys in Oklahoma City reported seeing approximately the same type of thing at 3:30 p.m. Monday on SE 46. They said they spotted a silver triangular object, striped and glowing, headed east across the sky and then vanishing.

The air force, in its announcement from Washington, said initial study of the flood of sighting reports indicated the sightings were "astronomical in nature."

"The objects observed may have been the planet Jupiter or stars Rigel Capella, Betelgeuse or Aldebaran which were visible," the air force statement continued. "At the time of the reported sightings, the azimuth and elevation of the reported sightings substantiate this."

The air force denied an unconfirmed report that the objects had been tracked by radar and denied that any planes were scrambled in an attempt to intercept or identify the UFOs.

The air force statement also pointed out that temperature, distribution and variant wind speeds both Sunday and Monday over the area were considered "favorable to scintillation."

Though the air force thinks the objects are stars, the investigation is continuing, they said.

Prof. H. S. Mendenhall, OSU mathematics professor and astronomer, favors the scientific view and recalled that air force pilots in World War II reported seeing similar objects but thought they were enemy planes flying at what turned out to be the planet Venus.

He said such illusions probably are caused by an unstable atmosphere, which spreads out the light into a spectrum of its basic colors.

He said the prism effect could account for such sightings of what appear to be red and green lights.

Dr. Walter Saucier, meteorology professor and director of OU's atmospheric research laboratory, declined to comment on the things.

When asked about the objects, he just said: "Tom J. Love is director of mechanical engineering at OU and he studies the objects seen were air balloons."

Swamped with telephone reports of strange objects, Bethany police office evening reported two "strange objects" at NW 42 and Rockwell. A parental report said the list to Warr Acres police included NW 36 and 1 block west of Rockwell.

Five boys reported to Oklahoma City that at dusk they saw a round, shiny object without wings close to the ground in the 600 block on NW 58.

Two Oklahoma City boys, Robert Coubarn, 11 and Charles Dethoal, at the Dethoal home, 512 NW 41, saw a red light blinking on and off. They said the object was a big "oval-like" thing flying to the north and then it stopped and reversed.

Police Chief Don Kutch said there was no question of a UFO southwest of town. He checked after receiving a report and Kutch said he and his wife saw the object.

Oklahoma Highway Patrol trooper Dewey Bennett reported sighting a green object north of Tishomingo traveling high up. He said a jet plane seemed close to the object.

Several Woodward citizens reported seeing a red globe flying over Woodward.


- page 110 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star?-
By Jim Jackson and Ray Coffey
Of the State Staff

Stars, meteors and unusual atmospheric conditions were official targets Monday night for a crash sightings of unidentified flying objects scattered over most of Oklahoma and into neighboring states. Meanwhile, sightings of unexplained objects in the sky were continuing.

The objects, sometimes described as glowing lights, were spotted in Norman, Blanchard, Woodward, Tishomingo, Durant, Rienzi and other parts of the state and in Texas, Kansas and New Mexico.

Though the air force thinks the objects are stars, the investigation is continuing.

Prof. H. S. Mondenhall, OSU mathematics professor and astronomer, favors the scientific theory and receded that air force pilots in World War II reported seeing chased and even photographed strange objects in the sky which turned out to be the planet Venus.

He said such such illusions probably are caused by an unstable atmosphere, which spreads out like a prism acting like a prism.

Dr. Walter Saucier, meteorology professor and director of OSU's atmosphere research laboratory, declined to speculate. "I have no idea what those things are," he said. "And I'm just going to stick my neck out and guess. I'll pass."

Dr. Tom J. Love Jr., director of the school of mechanical engineering and meteorology studies at OSU said he is certain some of the objects seen were not optical illusions.

Police departments over the state were reporting strange objects in the sky.

Bartlany police officer Jim McGill Monday evening spotted two "saucers" while in his car at NW 42 and Rockwell. He said they were apparently the same as two objects reported earlier by Warr Acres police by a boy and his mother at NW 36 and Hammond. The object changed colors, red, white and green.

In Cushing, J. C. Knock, used furniture dealer, and his son, Rickey, 11, saw what they described as a large circular object flying over northeast Cushing at 12:50 p.m. Monday in full daylight.

Five boys reported to Oklahoma City that at dusk they saw a round, shiny object without wings close to the ground in the NW 100 block on NW 42.

Two Oklahoma City boys, Robert Colbert, 11, and Charles Delloral, at the Delloral home, 512 NW 41, saw a red light blinking on and off. They said the object was a big "oval-like" thing flying to the north and then it stopped.

Robert Police Chief Doss Kuch said there was no question of an UFO southeast of Hobart. He checked after receiving a report.

Several Woodward citizens reported seeing a solid red form hovering over the town at 10:30 p.m.

The article continues with more details about various UFO sightings, but the text above captures the full OCR output from the document.


- page 111 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Identification from officials at Perrin Air Force Base, Denison, Texas. They said it is likely a plane launched with large-size weather balloons. They withheld positive identification until they saw the object.

Meade found the "thing" in his pasture Monday. He said it definitely was not there Sunday.

Unidentified flying objects were sighted in the Bryan County area Sunday night — glowing red and skimming just above treetop level, according to witnesses.

"Maybe Mars has an ALCOA plane there, too," one witness commented.

The fleet of objects over Brazil was first seen by two little girls. They saw four moving over the horizon in daylight at Astorga, about 250 miles west of Sao Paulo. They called three neighbors, who reported seeing 14 other saucers in formation. They were described as silvery with a greenish light shining from the top.

John Stark, 952 NW 5. Moore, reported he watched some object with a reddish light on top and a white light on the bottom hover at what he estimated as 2,000 feet above Will Rogers World Airport around 9 p.m. Tuesday.

"I couldn't see the shape of it," he said, "but I could see it had two distinct sources of light. It kinda makes you up; it's no laughing matter."

Stark said he called his wife over when he had the object lined up between two houses. It hovered there, he said, as lights from a plane passed at the same level, then took off and disappeared.

Stark said the lights on the object were "six or eight times brighter than a star." He is a student at Central State College, Edmond, is a sports writer for The Daily Oklahoman.

Like the unidentified flying objects, the Oklahoma City park — witchboard glowed brightly with numerous reported sightings, mostly from the west side of town.

One young reporter seeing an object rise elsewhere from Lake Hefner said he saw a bright object circling about a mile from his home at two points during the evening.

Joe Swindle, 11, said he, his parents and sister watched a bright orange object that "looked like a ball of fire" about 8:20 p.m. Tuesday near NW 16th and Hill and Sharrel. He said he watched it for about two minutes at about 5:30 p.m.

Another resident saw a bright blue object "with a tail" about halfway up in the sky from his home at NW 16th and Hill and Sharrel. He said he watched it for about two minutes.

The highway patrol reported Tuesday night unidentified objects were seen in the skies over Erick, Lawton and in the Tulsa area.

Related Story Page 3

Headline: "Now It's Saucers By the Squadron"

The image also contains a photograph of a man (whose face I will not identify) wearing a light-colored shirt, standing in front of what appears to be a wooden wall or structure.


- page 112 -

Here is the text from the document:

Draft 272

Now It's Saucers
By the Squadron
Sightings of unidentified flying objects continued Tuesday for the fourth straight night in Oklahoma, but the day's most spectacular sightings were reported in South America.

Observers in Curtiba, Brazil, reported seeing a squadron of 18 flying saucers flying over northern Brazil.

From Santiago, Chile, came a report of a flying saucer which landed but took off again when a group of people moved toward it.

The highway patrol reported Tuesday night unidentified objects were seen in the skies over Edick, Lawton

[Related Story, Page 3]

[Continued text appears to be partially cut off or illegible]

A very descriptive description of the object, and the LAID [text appears truncated]

The image also contains a photograph of a person, with a caption that reads: "UFO or USAF is the question about this welded aluminum disc held suspiciously by Durant Deputy Sheriff Loyd Nasons."


- page 113 -

33. July 31, 1965. Wynnewood, Oklahoma-police officer sighted a bright UFO at 1:05 a.m. Full story to follow.

Photo by: D. V. Critchfield

6


- page 114 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

THE MAIN INVASION WAVE

Wynnewood, Oklahoma
July 31, 1955

At 1:05 a.m. on the morning of Saturday, July 31st the UFO's came back to Oklahoma. Wynnewood, Oklahoma police officer Lewis Sikes, 26, reported an unidentified flying object approximately 30-35 NE of Wynnewood. Officer Sikes did not realize that the UFO was also being watched simultaneously by radar from Tinker AFB, Fort Worth, Texas. Officer Sikes observed the UFO with his wife for approximately 10 minutes.

In front of their home, when Officer Sikes drove across town and observed the UFO for another three minutes. His wife, Gail-Jean continued to watch the UFO until 2:30 a.m.

An "Intelligent control" was indicated during the first 10 minutes of observation when the object changed altitude (estimated by Sikes to be 10,000 ft., continued by radar at 8,000 ft.). The UFO remained stationary for several minutes and abruptly lost approximately 1500-2000 ft. The UFO then moved to the west for approximately 1500-1600 ft. and returned to the original location, at which time it moved to the east for approximately 100-1500 ft. then returned to its original position.

The night sky was clear, and many stars were visible. The UFO appeared to be three times as bright as the evening star and was estimated by Sikes to be five miles in diameter. The UFO was described as a "light" source. The UFO itself was white with a blue-green center, with a red rotating edge.

At approximately 1:15 Officer Sikes drove across town and once again observed the UFO. His wife stated that while he was gone the UFO seemed to change colors and fade out. The UFO then reappeared and both Tinker AFB and the Carson City, Nevada, radar picked it up.

Both Tinker AFB, AEC, and a point 15 miles southwest of Tinker when it disappeared. A few minutes later, it was tracked to a location 29 miles south of Tinker when it was lost again. A Braniff airliner in the vicinity of Wynnewood at 5,000 ft. was notified but the airline pilot said no visual contact with the UFO was made. Officer Sikes' mother, Mrs. Robert Sikes, also watched the UFO and reported that it faded out.

First heard of the Wynnewood sighting at 9:05 a.m. when Mike Biechman of Irwin, Oklahoma, called to see what I

Photo by D. V. Critchfield

7


- page 115 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

THE DAILY OKLAHOMAN

Bright Objects in Sky Set Phones, Nerves Jingling

knew about it. Within an hour my wife, Karen, DeWayne Critchfield, our photographer and Public Relations man were on our way. I was assigned to interview Officer Skee for how long. We returned to Oklahoma City and started putting the story on paper. Sunday afternoon with the help of W. F. Riefer, our Senior Director, we interviewed Officer Sikes again.

Upon returning to Oklahoma City a full report was typed out.

At 9:00 a.m. the telephone rang and Mike Buchanan said the Oklahoma Highway Patrol tower located near Edmond, Oklahoma had been receiving UFO reports since 3:03 p.m. So far they had received a total of 25-30 reports. The UFO's were signaled to Chandler and back, south through Meeker and Shawnee. Shawnee reported that the UFO's were flying in a diamond type formation. Cushing reported four of the UFO's. Tinker AFB, stated they had four UFO's on radar at 22,000 ft. which coincided with visual sightings. The UFO's were all multi-colored. They moved for as much as two hours, faded out or shot off.

[The text continues but is partially cut off at the bottom of the page]

The document also contains a hand-drawn sketch of an oval/disc-shaped object in the bottom left of the page.


- page 116 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

distribution and variant wind
speed were favorable to "scintil-
lation." "Scintillation" is a natural
phenomenon which causes stars to
appear to twinkle or distant ob-
jects to appear to dance when seen
through layers of the atmosphere.
It was also a possibility that the
observers were seeing the Aquatad,
commonly called the Delta Meteor
shower which is occurring from
July 26 to August 6.

Dale Johnson, 100UFO Scien-
tific Panel member and Associate
Director of the Kirkpatrick Plane-
tarium located in Oklahoma City
said it is a "mystery where the
Air Force get its information."

Robert Riser of the Oklahoma
Science and Arts Foundation,
Kirkpatrick Planetarium said ob-
servers certainly did not see the
planes, and stars the Air Force
claim. "That is as far from the
truth as you can get," Riser said.

Some one has made a mistake.
These stars and planets are on the
chart. The observation was made
Oklahoma at this time of the year.
About 9:30 p.m. one of the
closest observations was made by
an Air Force weather expert
through a 20 power spotting scope
when it flew over Norman, Okla-
homa. "The thing was moving fast
and was observed for less than five
minutes. It was estimated to be 20,-
000 ft. up and pitched at a 45°
angle. It was surrounded by a bluish
halo. Out the ensued shape was
two to distinguish. There were
two sets of revolving, pulsating
lights on the object," the expert
was illuminated by the red lights.
The lights were pulsating, dim to
bright and then bright to dim.

There were several reports from
Oklahoma and neighboring states
of several UFOs had landed.
At 3:14 a.m. Sept. 12, Oklahoma
reported that a large UFO was
on the ground near Pole Cat Creek
Bridge on US 70A between Spar-
pa and Keifer. It was a large light
about 50-75 feet across and was
oblong. The grass upon investiga-
tion showed evidence that some-
thing had been there.

Of all the landings, two in Okla-
homa City are the most convene-
ing. An Oklahoma City man be-
lieved he saw a UFO land. He
was fishing at Lake Hefner a large
"chaser" shaped object with a
dome on top and a flat bottom rose
out of the lake, hovered and flew
off. He was admitted to an Okla-
homa City hospital in a state of
shock. His observation was on Sat-
urday afternoon about 1:30 two
days before drawings of the ob-
jects that appeared in the news-
papers which were sighted the
night after the Wynnewood eight-
ing and the night before the in-
vasion. (See page 12)

At 11:15 p.m. a little later about
a year ago, it was buried near
"Jeet" in Northeast Oklahoma City.

Flying Objects Zooming Over State

9


- page 117 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Air Intelligence Staffs Plagued by 'Objects' for 20 Years

She was picked up by ambulance and taken to a hospital in Oklahoma City. She had received third degree burns over 60% of her body and her clothes had not been burned. I conducted a personal investigation with Major C. W. Duerrson of the Oklahoma Civil Defense and located three witnesses to the pick up. but all Oklahoma City hospitals state that no admittance was made. I wonder who gave the "clean up" orders?

An Oklahoma Civil Defense officer sighted a UFO between 10:30 until 11:00 p.m. on Monday evening, August 2 while driving from Oklahoma City on Interstate 35 enroute to Norman. The object was NE of Norman. In a letter dated August 4, 1965, to HQUFO headquarters "The craft was in the or over, the NE area of Norman. There was a quarter plus moon and the comparative size of the craft was almost as big as the moon would have been were it full. I saw four or six lights that were blinking regularly in rhythm; there was never any variance in the rhythm I did not bother to count the lights because I was so starry, but half of them were red and half of them were either blue, green, or blue-green; the colors were alternated and were arranged in a circle that in my view looked oval-shaped. The red lights blinked simultaneously, and then the other colored lights would blink simultaneously. All this time the lights were traveling in a counter-clockwise motion on the craft.

Then it emitted a short brilliant white or yellowish flash, and suddenly changed its direction and began to travel toward the southwest toward Norman. When it reached a point southwest of Norman it again emitted that white or yellowish flash and once again began traveling toward the NE of Norman. I will further say that this object was too clear, too rhythmical and too complex for an illusion or a hallucination. I have information on file HQUFO headquarters.

The following information was received from the Chief of Police, Sentinel, Oklahoma. At approximately 1:15 a.m. this date (August 2nd) the officer on duty, called by public service to report that several police units around the area was observing UFO's. At approximately 1:20 a.m. I was picked up and went west of town 1/4 miles, turned off our lights and started observing. From reports from the deputy sheriff and others watching on the approximate location of the object, and at 1:30 a.m. observed it ourself. When we first observed the UFO, it was moving in a northeasterly direction at a rapid speed, appearing to change colors of amber, white and a pale

10


- page 118 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AFJC

US AIR INTELLIGENCE TO WOIS

1 when did you see the object       Sept or later 1965

2 time of day        12 noon to 2PM     (return test different young life) paper side
                                        passed (illegible) most completely being

3 time zone     a daylight saving      G. G'Arcy Dept

4 where were you just prior to object    near Genoa, Nev. I was driving on highway
                                        between Genoa and Gardnerville N.V.

5 how long did object in sight         3 min

6 what direction did you first see object    2 miles - saw a mile line ahead of me
                                        to my left in sky - object clear of me

7 if stopped, how long                 object during daylight sun located as you looked at object
                                        no sun visible brightest sky was on my right(S)I noted before seeing object

8 x                                    it was general sky line area of white & still sky

9 what were the weather conditions at the time you saw object
   clouds                               partial picture developed from negative every
   scattered     low     (refer to 7)   thing notably non-clear, grey    colorless
                                        landscape

10 the object appeared as a light (x)

11 if it appeared as a lift, was it brighter than the visible stars    NO

12 if seen before known to observer object    ITEM 15 (total distinctly brightness was
    for 1st time                              not special or more than unusual
    I have stated it in and observed it as    but not brighter to be so
    I was able to do

13 the size of the object was                 was all like in space but could
                                              not be certain of exact

14 did the object
    appear to stand still or move time    YES all the time NO
    apparently moved in and out of my sight at any time NO
    make any sound                       NO
    give off smoke    YES (definitely)   dense bright mass like an active glow or shimmer or flicker within slow
    dense brightness    YES minimally associated like an active glow or shimmer or flicker within slow
    change of shape    YES

15 did the object disappear while you were watching    NO

16 did the object move behind something at any time    O

17 did the object on in front of something at any time    NO
    was in few words the witnesses able to observe the object
    might still be                      cool, generally cool brightness


- page 119 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO, Tracked On Radar

Photographed by Wichita Eagle

11


- page 120 -

UFO Facts Withheld, Group Claims

Wichita Beacon
Friday, August
6, 1965

Blue. The object stopped in the NE,
between 60-85° angle from us.
Could not tell the distance, but
would say between 50-150 miles.
We observed the UFO for 30 minutes. At about this time (2 a.m.)
the Granite unit reported another
object traveling in a northerly direction, being red in color and
shooting red sparks from it. We
went and tried to observe the object, but could not locate it.

Unidentified "blips" on the radar screen at the Wichita Bureau confirmed the presence of
unidentified flying objects around
Wichita. (photo page 11)

Several attempts were made to
photograph the UFO's but almost
all failed. One photo was obtained
by Junction City, Kansas photographer George Goodson who captured 8 ovals. The objects were
not visible when the photo was
taken. I was in Topeka, Junction
City and Wichita during the weekend of August 5 and 7 and personally investigated the Junction
City photo as well as several reports around Topeka and Wichita.

12


- page 121 -

UFOs Photographed
Junction City Photo                                July 23, 1955

Widespread reports of unidentified flying objects over the world including several radar contacts stirred interest at the Daily Union office when staff photographer George Goodson photographed eight UFOs.

The photo was taken at 4:10 p.m. on Sunday afternoon, (August 1st) at the municipal airport. The photo was snapped to show the parachute descent of a member of the Junction City Sky Diving club, but after development of the negative on August 2nd, disclosed eight disks in the sky at the last center. At first they were thought to be either a flaw in the film, or possibly water or developer solution spots on the film. But it was noticed that the parachute lines crossed the disks. Goodson took the photo northwest and said he had not seen anything like this before.

PHOTO DIRECTOR Hayden Hewes interviewed Mr. Goodson Saturday, August 7, 1955 while he was in Junction City.

Wichita, Kansas Weather Bureau radar scope showed unidentified flying objects Sunday night (August 1st) in a white circle blip. Other sightings at different times and locations of white objects as the objects moved across the scope.

Mr. John Shockley, Wichita weatherman, tracked "them" at different times between 2 a.m. and 6 a.m. mostly on the south side of the city. "The UFOs were about the size of a Cessna on the screen of the Weather Bureau radar screen and were flying at altitudes 6,000 to 9,000 ft. The Weather Bureau radar screen covers about all of the state of Kansas.

On July 23, 1955 at 3:30 p.m. the following photographs was taken by KOLO State Director August Powell while taking scenery pictures of the San Francisco Peaks. The dark cylindrical-shaped UFO was moving West to East about 15° above the Southern horizon. Three photographs were obtained but only two came out. The UFO appeared to be 1/4 of an inch long at arms length. It was moving slower than jet speed.

Note: It was also described by many persons in Oklahoma.

Page 13


- page 122 -

THIS CASE INCLUDES
1 PHOTO 5X8
1 PHOTO 8X10


- page 123 -

HEADQUARTERS
28TH AIR BASE GROUP (AFLC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
TINKER AFB, OKLAHOMA 73145

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: OCBB

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: AFSC (PTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB Ohio 45433

1. The attached information pertaining to unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings reported in this area during the period of 31 July through 3 August 1965 is submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2, Paragraph 1 of TIG Brief Nr 11, Volume XVI, dated 22 May 1964, eliminates the old policy as desired in the referenced reports are not to be reported as unidentified flying objects; however, due to the wide publicity regarding UFOs in this area, this information is submitted in an effort to clarify the matter.

2. On 31 July 1965 at 0735 Zulu (z) hours, the initial report of UFOs in series of reported UFOs was received in this office from Winnewood, Oklahoma. This object was determined to be a weather balloon released from this installation. Since that time, local news media, i.e. newspapers, radio, and television stations, highly publicized the report to the extent one local radio station held a contest how many UFO reports could be reported during one evening and also held was was-called a UFO party at their radio station on another evening. Such publicity has generated a tremendous amount of interest in sky watching among the populace of this state, which has resulted in a flood of UFO reports (see attached newspaper clippings). Investigation of these reports has revealed the UFO's as being straw, which are extremely visible during this time of year from this location; high flying aircraft, current in landing pattern, and weather balloons.

3. On 1 August 1965, Harry P. Alderill, Meteorological Technician and Supervisor, 6th Weather Squadron, Tinker AFB, was interviewed regarding the UFOs reported in this area. Alderill stated his organization released weather balloons twice daily, one at 1715 Z hours and one at 0515 Z hours. Alderill described the weather balloons as being light tan, brown, or white in color, 6 to 8 feet in diameter, 4 to 5 feet long, with radio sound equipment attached to a 100 foot long train. According to Alderill, all weather balloons released at night or during the hours of darkness have a small white light which is attached to a parachute on the balloon. Alderill stated that the balloons ascend to approximately 100,000 feet altitude, at which time they burst or develop a leak and start to descend, at which time the radio sound equipment would normally begin to oscillate, which in turn would cause the parachute to oscillate. According to Alderill, the light shining on the oscillating parachute would reflect different shades of red and this color. Alderill stated that the balloon did burst, normal descending time would be approximately forty minutes, however, if the balloon developed a leak and did not burst, the


- page 124 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

descending time would be considerably longer, depending on the extent of
the leak in the balloon, which would allow the balloon to drift to a
number of different locations, changing course gradually, depending
on wind currents and velocity as it drifted back to the earth.

4. Averill checked records and stated that the weather balloon released
by his organization at 0515 2 hours, 31 July 1965, was tracked until
0557 2 hours, 31 July 1965, at which time the balloon was located 23
miles due south of this installation, which is approximately thirty
miles north of Winnewood. Averill stated that the balloon was at 101,000
feet altitude and was drifting toward Winnewood at that time. He con-
tinued that the wind aloft, the balloon should have continued
traveling toward Winnewood while descending.

5. Records maintained by the 7466th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron,
Oklahoma City Air Force Station, reflect that SSgt William C. Teeney,
AF16229269, Radar Operator, was on duty and received information on the
initial report of an unidentified flying object on 31 July 1965 at 0740 Z
hours in the vicinity of Winnewood. The records indicate that an object
was picked up on radar at approximately 10,000 feet altitude and was
tracked to within fifteen nautical miles southeast of the installation.
Radar contact was lost at 205° azimuth, twenty-nine nautical miles from
this installation, which is in the area of the Goldable Airport. Position
and tracking characteristics correlated with Cerewell AFB, Texas radar.
These records do not reflect any other objects in that area during that
period of time.

6. Lt Walter J. Harrison, A0313170, Chief Weather Forecaster, Detach-
ment 13, 24th Weather Squadron, Tinker AFB, was interviewed on 3 August
1965 regarding the UFOs reported in this area. Harrison stated that
this area during the months of May, June, July, and mid-August, there is
a transparent haze in the atmosphere that is particularly heavy. Accord-
ing to Harrison, on clear nights the haze will reflect lights and scenes
from other areas which results in unusual sightings and mirages. Harrison
concluded that this could possibly account for some of the reported
unidentified flying objects.

7. On 4 August 1965, [redacted] the Kirkpatrick Place,
Tarlton, 3000 General Pershing Street, Oklahoma City, Okla., was inter-
viewed regarding any UFOs he might have observed between 31 July and
3 August 1965. [redacted] stated that his study of the site is on a
continuous basis, and he was especially watchful during the dates in
question, during which time he did not observe anything unusually,
unidentifiable, or different. [redacted] stated he had received
numerous reports of UFOs during that time, and nine out of ten of the
reports received were stars. Accordingly, [redacted] the person
is unducated as to what the sky normally looks like and when they

2


- page 125 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

start looking and studying the sky, they see things that to them are unidentifiable and unexplainable. It was stated that a number of stars are extremely bright, and others at this time of year, also an unusually large number of meteors are visible in this area during the summer months. According to some civilian pilots, plane temperature invasion and mirages could result in numerous reports of UFOs by persons not familiar with the sky.

8. Floyd J. Wilson, Chief Proficiency Officer, RAFCON, Tinker AFB, was contacted regarding radar tracking of aircraft during period of 2200 Central Standard Time (CST), 31 July 1955, through 2400 CST, 3 August 1955. Wilson stated that his organization operates on a twenty-four hour day basis and tracks aircraft within a forty mile radius of this installation. Wilson was unable to produce records on any aircraft's exact location during the dates in question. He had been sent to Ft. Worth, Texas. Wilson's records indicated that during those dates a total of 1,039 aircraft were tracked by his organization.

9. Investigation revealed that balloons are released at the following lines and locations:

a. Tinker AFB, 6th Weather Squadron. Release two balloons daily, one at 1115 CST and one at 2315 CST.

b. US Weather Station, Will Rogers Field, Oklahoma City. Release two balloons daily, one at 0515 CST and one at 1715 CST.

c. US Weather Station, Tulsa, Oklahoma. Release two balloons daily, one at 1100 CST and one at 2300 CST.

d. Target Acquisition Battalion, Ft. Sill, Lawton, Oklahoma. Release three balloons daily at no set time; also four other organizations at that location release balloons. No mention of release time depend on the amount of artillery firing that is scheduled. All balloons released at night are equipped with lights.

Balloons are released at numerous other locations in this state; however, only those listed above were found to have released balloons during the dates in question.

10. This office will continue to investigate reported sightings of UFOs in this area, and reports will be submitted upon receipt. No information pertaining to any objects that cannot be identified. Samples of reported UFOs are attached. Additional reports of UFOs will be forwarded as received.

[Signed]
JAMES F. WINTON, Major, USAF
Chief, Security & Law Enforcement Division

Attachments:
1. Newspaper clippings
2. Samples of UFO sightings


- page 126 -

REPORTED UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

a. Description of Object(s):
1. Shape: Circular with flat top.
2. Size compared to known object: Size of small plate.
3. Colour: Dark color except for center which reflected a glowing blue light; one red light on each side, white light on top.
4. Number of Objects: Two.
5. Formation: None.
6. Any discernible features or details: None.
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust: None.
8. Sound: None.
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None.

b. Description of Course of Objects:
1. What first called attention of observer to objects: Heard noise of objects on local radio.

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of objects when first observed:
One was at 45° elevation, 279° azimuth; the other was at 45° elevation, 135° azimuth.

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of objects upon disappearance:
One was at 35° elevation, 45° azimuth, the other was at 35° elevation, 90° azimuth.

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of objects: Object observed at 270° traveled east in a straight line until 2350 azimuth, over-head, it then reversed its course for a short distance, reversed again and continued eastward, disappearing at approximately 90° azimuth. The other object which was observed at 135° azimuth was on a heading of approximately 2350 azimuth, and upon reaching approximately 270° azimuth changed course to a northeasterly direction and disappeared at approximately 45° azimuth.

5. How did the object disappear? Both objects went out of sight.

6. How long were the objects visible? Ten minutes.


- page 127 -

c. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground-visual.
2. Optical aids: None.
3. Not applicable.

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. 0200 Z hours, 2 August 1965.
2. Light conditions: Dark.

e. Location of Observer: East of Norman, Oklahoma on East Lindsey Street.

f. Identifying Information on Observer:
1. Civilian: [redacted], 32 years of age, housewife, residing at [redacted] Drive, Norman, Oklahoma. Reliability: Subject thoroughly confused, no experience in meteorology.

2. Military: Not applicable.

g. Weather and Wind Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sighting:
1. Observer's account of weather: Clear and still.

2. Report from nearest US Weather Bureau:

Altitude | Wind Direction | Speed | Temperature
Surface | 100° | 4 knots | +83° C
6,000 Ft. | 260° | 10 knots | +11.0 C
10,000 Ft. | 350° | 15 knots | +5° C
16,000 Ft. | 340° | 20 knots | +2° C
20,000 Ft. | 340° | 20 knots | -14°C
30,000 Ft. | 330° | 20 knots | -37° C
50,000 Ft. | 300° | 40 knots | -61° C

3. Ceiling: Clear.
4. Visibility: Eleven miles.
5. Amount of cloud cover: None.
6. Thunderstorms in area: None.
7. Vertical temperature gradient was -29 C per 1,000 ft. surface to 40,000 ft.; no change after that.


- page 128 -

Here is the text from the document:

i. Interception or Identification Action Taken: Information Furnished to 746th AC & W Squadron, Oklahoma City Air Force Station.

j. Location and approximate altitude of any air traffic or balloon released: US Weather Station, Will Rogers Field, Oklahoma City, Okla., released a weather balloon at 2315 hours 1 August 1965. The weather balloon should have traveled south, changing directions at different altitudes to southwest and southeast. From the point of release, Tinker AFB Flight Operations reports that a DC-5 landed at this installation on 0228 hours, 2 August 1965. No aircraft could have been in the area during the time of the sighting. The aircraft's crew did not report any unusual sighting that time.

k. Position Title and Comments of Preparing Officer: Chief, Security and Law Enforcement Division, 255th Air Base Group. Comments: The objects were apparently aircraft or a weather balloon released from a local weather station.

1. Physical evidence: None.


- page 129 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

US AIR FORCE UFO SIGHTING

Like what do you know the amazing size smaller than turbine (Dia. size)

to draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects labeling parts
of the error to show direction & object was moving.

Angle of view or smoke no motion (like photo covering)

do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? No

distance observed about 1/16 may to about 5° feet at turn

where were you located when you saw the object: a. in a car
were you a. main countryside b. airfield on left side of it or general fence
                                    right side passerby or field.

if you were driving in an automobile or other vehicle at time - c. south or f. south west

how best were you moving 25 miles, a slow, and a slow turn

did you observe the object while you were looking at the object yes minutes

in order that you can give us a clear distance as possible of what you saw describe
in your own words a color of object or details which then would give the same appearance as the object you saw. light bulb without stem

Full moon or sun

in the following sketch

(Handwritten notes at bottom include: "Not sure of road taken" and "(at turn headed) SW")


- page 130 -

REPORTED UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(s):

a. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: No definite shape.
2. Size compared to known object: Same size as a star.
3. Color: Bright yellow with red hue.
4. Number: One object.
5. Formation: None.
6. Any discernible features or details: None.
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust: None.
8. Sound: None.
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None.

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer to object(s)? Another witness.
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed: 70° elevation, 180° azimuth.
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance: 50° elevation, 180° azimuth.
4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object: Traveled at high rate of speed, then stopped and hovered for a period of 25 minutes or more.
5. How did object(s) disappear? Faded away.
6. How long were the objects visible? Thirty minutes.

c. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground-visual.
2. Optical aids: None.
3. Not applicable.


- page 131 -

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. 0200 Zulu hours, 2 August 1965.
2. Light conditions: Night.

e. Location of Observer:
39th Street and South Pennsylvania, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

f. Identifying Information on Observer:
1. Civilian; 18 years of age, sack boy in grocery store, address [redacted] of reliability: He appeared normal.
2. Not applicable.

g. Weather and Wind Conditions at Time and Place of Sighting:
1. Observer's account of weather conditions: Clear and still.
2. Report from nearest US Weather Station:

[Table showing Altitude, Wind Direction, Speed, and Temperature at various elevations from surface to 50,000 ft]

3. Ceiling: Clear.
4. Visibility: Eleven miles.
5. Amount of cloud cover: None.
6. Thunderstorms in area: None.
7. Vertical temperature gradient: Was -2° C per 1,000 ft, surface to 40,000 feet; no change after that.
h. No unusual meteorological activities at that time.

2 [page number at bottom]


- page 132 -

i. Interception or Identification Action Taken: Information Furnished
to the 746th AO & W Squadron, Oklahoma City Air Force Station, at 0622 2
hours, 2 August 1965. No radar contact could be made at that time on
the object.

j. Location and approximate altitude and general direction of flight of
any air traffic or balloon release:

1. US Weather Station, Will Rogers Field, Oklahoma City, Okla., 
released a weather balloon at 2315 2 hours, 1 August 1965. The weather
balloon should have traveled south, changing direction at approximately
altitudes to southeast and southwest from the point of release. FAA,
Will Rogers Field, reported no aircraft in the area during this time
period. Tinker AFB Flight Operations reported that a CQ-6 landed at
this installation at 0226 2 hours, 2 August 1965. The aircraft's
crew did not report any unusual sighting during that time.

k. Position Title and Comments of Preparing Officer: Chief, Security
and Law Enforcement Division, 2354th Air Base Group, Tinker AFB.
Comments: Based on the observer's statement that the object appeared
in the southeast and hovered in one spot, then moved to the south, it
appears the object was a weather balloon released at this installation.

1. Physical Evidence: None.

3


- page 133 -

REPORTED UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

a. Description of Object(s):
1. Shape: Diamond shape.
2. Size: Size of an orange.
3. Color: Reddish-orange and bluish-green and whitish.
4. Number of Objects: Five objects.
5. Formation: Four were in diamond formation; one was in center of formation.
6. Discernible features or details: None.
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust: None.
8. Sound: None.
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None.

b. Description of course of object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer to object? A request to look for unidentified flying objects from Oklahoma City news media.
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed? All of objects were at 45° elevation, 10° to 15° azimuth.
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of objects upon disappearance: Objects did not disappear. When last observed, was at 45° elevation, 10° to 15° azimuth.
4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of objects: Objects were stationary, none of them would change or disappear.
5. How did objects disappear? Objects did not disappear.
6. How long were objects visible? Observed for 1½ hours.

c. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground-visual.
2. Optical aids: None.
3. Not applicable.


- page 134 -

Here is the text from the document:

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. 0320 Z hours, 2 August 1965.
2. Light conditions: Dark.

e. Location of Observer: [Street name illegible], Shawnee, Oklahoma.

f. Identifying Information on Observer:
1. Civilian: 35 years of age, and [rest of text partially illegible], Shawnee Police Department, Shawnee, Oklahoma. Reliability: Undetermined.
2. Military: Not applicable.

g. Weather and Wind Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sighting:
1. Observer's account of weather: Clear and Still.
2. Report From nearest US Weather Bureau:

[Weather table showing Altitude, Wind Direction, Speed, and Temperature at various elevations from Surface to 50,000 ft]

3. Ceiling: Clear.
4. Visibility: Eleven miles.
5. Amount of Cloud Cover: None.
6. Thunderstorms in Area: None.
7. Vertical temperature gradient was -2° C per 1,000 ft., surface to 40,000 ft., no change after that.

h. No unusual meteorological activities at that time.

i. Interception or Identifying Action Taken: Information furnished to 745th AC & W Squadron, Oklahoma City Air Force Station.

2 [page number]


- page 135 -

j. Location and approximate altitude of any air traffic or balloon
   Release: Not determined.

k. Position Title and Comments of Preparing Officer: Chief, Security
   and Law Enforcement Division, 2854th Air Base Group. Comments: This
   sighting was reported in local news media as Flying objects, diamond
   formation in the Shawnee area; however, due to the fact the objects did
   not move or disappear, they obviously were stars.

l. Physical Evidence: None.

3 (page number at bottom of document)


- page 136 -

IDEN/UFO
UFO Sighting, 7 October 1965

Hq USAF SAFOICC (Maj. Hunt)

We have received a report of an unidentified flying object from [redacted], Texas.
Mrs. [redacted] has requested an evaluation of her sighting. A review of her Form 164 indicates that the sighting could be attributed to jet aircraft operations its terrain characteristics. The flight path and direction are in accord with this evaluation. The description of the white object with the red and white luminous exhaust also conforms with this analysis. Since the officer at Ellington Air Force Base who received her initial report initially stated that they had experienced with aircraft, it is possible that the observed one of these.

A sighting toward the Northwest at dusk often adds to distortion and visual misidentification of normal or conventional objects.

There were other reports from the area at about the same time. Twins observed with other objects. About fifteen minutes prior to this, several reports evaluated as a meteor were submitted to Billington. This meteor passed to the West of [redacted], and [redacted] and the motion or trajectory was straight and not rising. The object was in conflict with an aircraft sighting. We have given her report an evaluation of a possible aircraft.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION:
ORIGINATOR: [signature]   DATE: 12 FEB 66
TDE/UFO Maj. H. Quintanilla, Jr.

TYPED: [signature]   DATE: 12 FEB 66


- page 137 -

Here is the text from the document:

FJED (NDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
21 December 1965

Houston, Texas

Dear 

Reference your unidentified observation of 7 October 65. The information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached STD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 138 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
7 OCTOBER 1965
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 5:30 PM 45
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
VALERIE HOUSTON TEXAS
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
30
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly Certain

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
IN MY MIND PLANNING ABOUT NEW

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No    LONG APPROX 15

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY    ALITTLE    NIGHT
a. Bright    BEFORE DUSK    a. Bright
b. Cloudy        b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):    a. in front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left    VERY LOW
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 64    This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.    164


- page 139 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid FRONT
b. Translucent
c. Vapor REAR
d. As a light HIGHLY ILLUMINOUS
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About same
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: ELECTRIC LIGHT GLOBE OR SUNBUT 212 NOT HURT EYES)

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other LIKE THE EDGES OF A LIGHT - OUTLINED VERY VARI ABLE - CUT LIKE DOES OF SUN

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes (NO)
Yes (NO)
Yes (NO)
Yes (NO)
Yes (NO)
Yes (NO)
Yes (NO)
Yes (NO)

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know

(Exhausted)


- page 140 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

PART (C)
3

28 saw a picture that will serve to explain the object seen.
Did not seem to move w. , down, side to side or forward or back.

29 if there was more than one object

30 have you ever seen this or similar object NO

31 was watching it at the time as a mother (Don't mark her watched)
32 please give following info about yourself

[Redacted personal information]

worked at air fields. 2 years observing and logging flights taking off and landing.
Been a sky watcher since childhood days & evenings - always found it interesting.
Last 15 years have been housewife and commercial advertising and illustration artist.
photography another interest.

33 when and to whom did you report that you had seen this object? AND IS FIRST KNOWN

34 date you completed this questionnaire: march 4 1968

35 information which you feel pertinent and which is not covered in above.
( Have never seen a flying saucer or Space can other than our own.)

cont next page


- page 141 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
IT DISAPPEARED - BUT LIKE IT MOVED OUT OF RANGE OF MY EYESIGHT (TRAVELING)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   [No]   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   [No]   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NONE (OR TOO FAR AWAY TO BE HEARD)
b. Color: FRONT - ILLUMINOUS-LIKE LIGHT BLUE/ALUMINUM IN CENTER, REAR - DARK AND SOLID DARK ALUMINUM

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
VERY LITTLE

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The drawing includes notes like "ILLUMINOUS WHITE", "SILVERY (SLIGHTLY OFF)", "HIGHLY POLISHED ALUMINUM COLOR", "EXHAUST RED", and "THIS WHOLE OBJECT WAS VERY FAST"]


- page 142 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
NOT IN MILEAGE - VERY SLOW
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? NOT FAST, OR SLOW, VERY SLOW MANY PLANE

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No HARD TO TELL - BECAUSE IT WAS SO LARGE

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) c. Outdoors

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. in the business section of a city?
b. in the residential section of a city?
c. in open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text which appears to read:]
I have not seen anything like it before. I don't know whether matters here come down clear in daylight or whether they travel superior to earth or how large they look.


- page 143 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the polar shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document contains two diagrams: one showing a curved line with angle measurements and a landscape, and another showing a compass rose. There are handwritten notes on the document that are partially illegible.


- page 144 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Valerie - nineteen yrs.
(some girl)   some address - typed off.
Another woman (not remembered name - some address)
(I have since moved) - some - maybe if you
can find carried names address

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME                                 HOUSTON                   TEXAS
                                     City                      State
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER                     AGE 37   SEX F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I have kept on upper north go flying studies
ever since I first heard about them of years ago.
Also, I am a very calm person & do not get
easily excited. I have never flinched to
withdraw the facts. I watched this thing very closely
& tried to guess at what it could be - but it was almost to me
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?
7 th      October     1965    Office at Ellington Hills - called
                              There first 2 arrange 8 or 9 hrs
                              in afternoon - call again


- page 145 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 17th January 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

pertaining to question 33 -

Officer at Ellington said it had been seen in other sections of city by about 6 persons (before I settled) he said that they said it had cut off exhaust at dark over where a first called. He said he was curious also - after he had taken information he said we had experienced aircraft.

He did not say if one was at this time. I asked about illuminated glow all around & he said it was friction from speed of plane. When conversation ended he was very business-like although he was curious himself when I first called.

Also, I do not remember date - I take your word for it as being Oct 7, 1965.

(over)


- page 146 -

Here is the text from the document:

If it is at all possible, could you let me know if your findings, after you check the write up my report. I am very interested.

Thank you,
Sincerely

P.S. - I feel like I have not been of much help as something like this is hard to put on paper. Although if were a phone - it were quite different. Some idea of what I was playing in a direction that I could make the wings & the movement against it & I can see how some people might jump to conclusions - that they that I saw did not even resemble this. And also, the apparent or perhaps trail was noting like a flame it also looked solid (?).


- page 147 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 50143 (5 Aug 65) G/Jck                                     PG1 OF 6

ACTION: NEN-7

INFO: XOP-1, XOPX-8, SAFOS-3,DIA-1 (21)

SMB C202 PTTU JAZ RUWTABA0022 2 172 129-UUUU--                    RUE3HQA.
ZNR UUUUU
P 172 22 ZEX
FM 2854 AB GP TINKER AFB OKLA
TO RUMWFVA/ENT AFB COLO
RUWTFLA/29 AIR DIV RICHARDS GEBAUER AFB MO
RUCIFDAW/RIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO~
RUE8HQA/USAF WASH DC
RUE8HQA/SAF WASH DC

BT
UNCLAS OCBBP 85294 5 AUG 1965, SECTION 1 OF 2.

FOR: WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB (FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIV); USAF (AFCIN);
SAF (SAFOI). SUBJ: REPORTING OF UFOS.

1. FOLLOWING INFORMATION PERTAINING TO REPORTED UFOS IN TINKER
AFB AREA BETWEEN 2208 AND 0733 HOURS, (2) 2 AUG 1965, IS SUB-
MITTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH PARA 14, AFR 200-2.

A. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S):
   (1) SHAE - NO DEFINITE SHAPE DUE TO DISTANCE.
   (2) SIZE - APPROXIMATE SIZE OF PEA HELD AT ARM'S LENGTH.
   (3) COLOR - BLUISH-WHITE WITH RED HAZE.


- page 148 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 50143 (5 Aug 65)
PAGE 2 RWTAB2022 UNCLAS

PG 2 OF 6

(4) NUMBER - 4 OBJECTS.
(5) FORMATION - NONE; APPEARED TO BE AT SAME ALTITUDE.
(6) DISCERNIBLE FEATURES OR DETAILS - NONE EXCEPT FOR COLOR.
(7) TAIL, TRAIL, OR EXHAUST - NONE.
(8) SOUND - NONE.
(9) OTHER PERTINENT OR UNUSUAL FEATURES - NONE EXCEPT FOR
COLOR.

B. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
(1) WHAT FIRST CALLED ATTENTION OF OBSERVED TO OBJECT?
ANOTHER WITNESS.

(2) ANGLE OR ELEVATION AND AZIMUTH OF OBJECT - 45 DEGREES
ELEVATION, 190 DEGREES AZIMUTH.

(3) ANGLE OR ELEVATION AND AZIMUTH OF OBJECT UPON DISAPPEARANCE -
QUIT LOOKING DUE TO PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES.

(4) DESCRIPTION OF FLIGHT PATH AND MANEUVERS OF OBJECT -
ALL OBJECTS APPEARED TO BE AT APPROXIMATELY 22,000 FT.
TWO OF OBJECTS DID NOT APPEAR TO BE MOVING; 1 OBJECT WAS MOVING
SOUTH AND 1 WAS MOVING NORTH AT SPEEDS OF APPROXIMATELY 150 TO
200 MPH.


- page 149 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 50143 (5 Aug 65)                                 PG 3 OF 5

(5) HOW DID OBJECT DISAPPEAR? - HAD NOT DISAPPEARED AT
PAGE 3 RWTAB3A2022 UNCLAS
LAST LOOK.

(6) HOW LONG OBJECT VISIBLE - 1 1/2 HOURS.

C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
    (1) CONTROL TOWER TO AIR VISIBILITY.
    (2) OPTICAL AIDS - 8 INOCULARS, 7 X 50 POWER, MARK 28,
        BAUSCH AND LOMB MANUFACTURE.
    (3) SIGHTING DID NOT OCCUR WHILE AIR-BORNE.

D. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING:
    (1) FIRST OBSERVED 0230 ZULU HOURS, 2 AUG 1965; LAST
        OBSERVED 0400Z, 2 AUG 1965.
    (2) LIGHT CONDITIONS - NIGHT.

E. LOCATION OF OBSERVER(S):
    LATITUDE 35 DEG, 23 MIN - 00 SEC NORTH; LONGITUDE 97 DEGREES,
    22 MIN - 54 SEC WEST.

F. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ON OBSERVER(S):
    (1) CIVILIAN - NOT APPLICABLE.
    (2) MILITARY - TSGT JOHN R. LANG, AF 13239448, 34 YEARS OF AGE,
        WATCH SUPERVISOR, TINKER AFB CONTROL TOWER, 3 RD MOBILE COMMUNICATIONS


- page 150 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 50143 (5 Aug 65)                                   PG 4 OF 6

GROUP.

G. WEATHER AND WINDS:

PAGE 4 RWTAB2022 UNCLAS

(1) OBSERVER'S ACCOUNT OF CONDITIONS - CLEAR WEATHER AT TIME
OF SIGHTING.

(2) REPORT OF NEAREST US WEATHER BUREAU OFFICE:

(A) WEATHER AT TIME OF FIRST SIGHTING, 0233Z, 2 AUG 1965:

ALTITUDE    WIND DIRECTION   SPEED       TEMPERATURE
SURFACE     100 DEGREES      4 KNOTS     PLUS 83 DEG C
6,000 FT.   369 DEGREES      10 KNOTS    PLUS 14 DEG C
10,000 FT.  359 DEGREES      15 KNOTS    PLUS 5 DEG C
16,000 FT.  340 DEGREES      20 KNOTS    MINUS 4 DEG C
20,000 FT.  340 DEGREES      20 KNOTS    MINUS 14 DEG C
30,000 FT.  338 DEGREES      20 KNOTS    MINUS 37 DEG C
50,000 FT.  332 DEGREES      30 KNOTS    MINUS 61 DEG C

(B) WEATHER CONDITIONS AT LAST SIGHTING, 0400Z, 2 AUG 1965:

ALTITUDE    WIND DIRECTION   SPEED       TEMPERATURE
SURFACE     230 DEGREES      3 KNOTS     PLUS 74 DEG C
6,000 FT.   010 DEGREES      5 KNOTS     PLUS 15 DEG C


- page 151 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

PHOTO NO FORM NO.

(Additional Info.)

Glowing light with sharp wing on either side about center. I think they looked like light cones as if flying object was exploding or cut in 1/2. Reflection. Middle was sun out this one. While traveling was observing for unusual sky event time.

Weather was clear. No signs of rain. Sky was bright, on or about 20 miles from object.

Object at end still to me or would a end of so. I was in front of it for a few miles noticed its size and closeness to me on 1-2 tree tops.

(Seems to be some handwritten notes in margin, partially illegible)

Guess it seemed opposite traffic join under it. I didn't want to go under it in case it was falling. So turned off on sight to my destination. Flashed hard and other driver would report it something was wrong. I think it could be a balloon but was no source of lift making it reflect. And was of kinds of wavery. A plane or helicopter couldn't old still & no noise. I always have similar even when 2-3 months cold and have seen hearing but, can't be positive on the middle as concentration on all the visual elements, may have taken my attention.

Surrounding it.

I was on Comack road or Deer Park, Sandwich or last Northern state up to point where sign and road forks to right for going south to Asherville. Just learning now to drive to my friendhouse at that time. Only was Northern state then 110 here. Made trip by myself. Haven't had any enough to retrace my path on this day. If I did, I wasn't thinking of above. Gone to find out soon as I can think of it when traveling in that direction.


- page 152 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 50143 (5 Aug 65)                                 PG 5 OF 6

10,000 FT.  350 DEGREES        20 KNOTS PLUS OR MINUS 5 DEG C
16,000 FT.  010 DEGREES        15 KNOTS MINUS 5 DEG C
20,000 FT.  030 DEGREES        10 KNOTS MINUS 15 DEG C
PAGE 5 RUNTAB2022 UNCLAS
30,000 FT.  340 DEGREES        25 KNOTS MINUS 37 DEG C
50,000 FT.  310 DEGREES        40 KNOTS MINUS 63 DEG C

(3) CEILING DURING ENTIRE PERIOD - CLEAR.

(4) VISIBILITY DURING ENTIRE PERIOD - 11 MILES.

(5) AMOUNT OF CLOUD COVERAGE - NONE.

(6) NO THUNDERSTORMS IN AREA DURING ENTIRE PERIOD OF TIME.

(7) VERTICAL TEMPERATURE GRADIENT WAS MINUS 2 DEG C PER 1,000 FT., SURFACE TO 40,000 FT; NO CHANGE AFTER THAT DURING THIS TIME.

(8) NO UNUSUAL METEOROLOGICAL ACTIVITIES DURING THAT TIME.

1. INTERCEPTION OR IDENTIFICATION ACTION TAKEN - INFORMATION FURNISHED TO 7461H AC&W SQ, OKLAHOMA CITY AIR FORCE STATION. THEY ADVISED RADAR CONTACT WITH 1 OBJECT AT 10,000 FT. IN VICINITY OF NORMAN, OKLA. LOCATED APPROXIMATELY 20 MI.


- page 153 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
USAFE MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 50143 (5 Aug 65)
SOUTH OF TINKER AFB.

J. LOCATION, APPROXIMATE ALTITUDE, AND GENERAL DIRECTION
OF FLIGHT OF ANY AIR TRAFFIC OR BALLOON RELEASED: US WEATHER
STATION, WILL ROGERS FIELD, OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLA. RELEASED A
BT

NNN

NOTE: SECTION II IS AFIN: 50158 (5 Aug 65).
N

PG 6 OF 6


- page 154 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 50153 (5 Aug 65) G/Jck                                     PG1 OF 3

ACTION: NIN-7
INFO: XOPI, XOPX-8, SAFOS-3, DIA-1 (21)

SHB C021 PTTU JAZ RUNTABA0223 2172 129-UUUU--                     RUEBHQA.
ZNR UUUUU
P 2172 122 ZEX

FM 2854 AB GP TINKER AFB OKLA
TO RUMMFVA/ENT AFB COLO
RUNTFLA/29 AIR DIV RICHARDS GEBAUR AFB MO
RUCIFDA/WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
RUEBHQA/USAF WASH DC
RUEBHQA/SAF WASH DC

BT

UNCLAS 8529# 5 AUG 1965. FINAL SECTION OF 2.

FOR: WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB (FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVD); USAF (AFCIN);
SAF (SAFOI). SUBJ: REPORTING OF UFOS.

WEATHER BALLOON AT 0515Z HOURS, 2 AUG 1965. WEATHER BALLOONS
WOULD HAVE TRAVELED SOUTH, CHANGING AT DIFFERENT ALTITUDES TO
SOUTHEAST AND SOUTHWEST FROM THE POINT OF RELEASE. FAA AND
WILL ROGERS FIELD REPORTED NO AIRCRAFT IN THE AIR DURING THIS
TIME PERIOD. TINKER AFB FLIGHT OPERATIONS REPORTED 5 AIRCRAFT
WERE IN THE AREA DURING THIS TIME PERIOD; HOWEVER, NONE OF THE
AIRCRAFT REPORTED ANY UNUSUAL SIGHTINGS.


- page 155 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 50158 (5 Aug 65)                                   PG 2 OF 3
PAGE 2 RUNTA842023 UNCLAS

K. POSITION TITLE AND COMMENTS OF PREPARING OFFICER:
CHIEF, SECURITY AND LAW ENFORCEMENT DIVISION, 2854TH AIR BASE
GROUP. COMMENTS: NUMEROUS SIGHTINGS OF THESE 4 OBJECTS WERE
REPORTED FROM THE FOLLOWING CITIES IN OKLAHOMA CITY AREA:

NORMAN, PURCELL, CUSHING, CHICKASHA, LINDSAY, CHANDLER, MEEKER,
AND SHAWNEE. MOST REPORTED THE OBJECTS AS BEING A LIGHT
CHANGING FROM BLUE, WHITE, AND RED COLOR. ONE REPORT FROM
SHAWNEE WAS THAT THE OBJECTS WERE FLYING IN A DIAMOND FORMATION.
MOST REPORTS WERE THAT THE OBJECTS HAD NO DEFINITE FLIGHT
PATTERN AND CHANGED COURSES ERRATICALLY. THE LAST INFORMATION
RECEIVED ON THESE OBJECTS WAS AT 0733Z HOURS, 2 AUG 1965, AT
WHICH TIME ONE OF THE OBJECTS WAS REPORTED SIGHTED OVER EDMOND,
OKLA. AT APPROXIMATELY 1,000 FT. ALTITUDE AND APPEARED TO BE THE
SIZE OF A BASEBALL HELD AT ARM'S LENGTH. THE OBJECT DISAPPEARED
OUT OF SIGHT STRAIGHT UP. PRELIMINARY ANALYSIS OF POSSIBLE
CAUSE OF SIGHTINGS AT THIS TIME IS WEATHER BALLOONS AND/OR
KNOWN AIRCRAFT IN THE AREA.

1. EXISTENCE OF PHYSICAL EVIDENCE - NONE.

2. FURTHER INFORMATION WILL BE SUBMITTED IN COMPLIANCE WITH


- page 156 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 50158 (5 Aug 65)                                   PG 3 OF 3

PARAGRAPHS 138 AND 14 OF AFR 280-2.

BT

NMN

NOTE: SECTION I IS AFIN: 50143 (5 Aug 65).


- page 157 -

CONFIDENTIAL

5 Aug 65 22 212

UP423402G5QA194ZC1Y598

PP RUCDGQ
DE RUMGKK 155 2172658
ZNY CCCCC

P 251512

FM 3575TH PLT TNG WG VANCE AFB OKLA
TO RUMEVADO EMT AFB COLO
RUNTFLA/25TH AIR DIVISION RICHARDS CEDAR AFB MO
RUCDG9/AFSC (FOREIGN TECH DIVJ WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
RUEMCOA/G USAF(AFNIN) WASHINGTON 25 DC
SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE (SAF10) WASHINGTON 25 D C

CCN-66


- page 158 -

REFERENCE PARAGRAPH 14 APR 222-2, THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS SUBMITTED:

RADAR OPERATORS AT VANCE AFB ALSO REPORTED NO UNUSUAL SIGHTINGS. THE OBSERVER'S COMMENTARY WAS CORROBORATED BY HER 19 YEAR OLD SON WHO CLAIMED TO HAVE SEEN THE FINAL TWO OBJECTS CIRCLING IN THE SKY, AFTER THE FIRST THREE HAD DISAPPEARED TO THE NORTH. SEVERAL HOURS AFTER THE OBSERVER HAD BEEN INTERVIEWED, SHE CONTACTED THE INTERVIEWING OFFICERS TO REVISE HER ESTIMATE OF THE SIZE OF THE OBJECTS UPON OBSERVATION.

PAGE 2 RUNNING 15- INSTEAD OF "SLIGHTLY LARGER THAN A GRAPEFRUIT" SHE SAID THE OBJECTS APPEARED TO BE "ONLY A COUPLE OF INCHES IN SIZE," OR ABOUT THE SIZE OF A SILVER DOLLAR.

1. NONE


- page 159 -

Here is the text from the document:

PRIORITY

WPB-4 TO CCSO B&S9ZCW YK 556
PP RUC DB2
DE RUNOIK 142 2172+48
ZNY COCCC
P 251915Z
FW 357TH PLT TNG WG VANCE AFB OKLA
TO RUNYFVA/AOC ENT AFB COLO
RUNYFVA/9TH AIR DIVISION RICHARDS GEBAUR AFB MO
RUC DSA/AFSC (FOREIGN TECH DIV) WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB MO
RUC HQA/HQ USAF(AFINS) WASHINGTON 25 DC
SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE (SAFIO) WASHINGTON 25 DC
ET

REFERENCE PARAGRAPH 14 AFR 205-2, THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS
SUBMITTED:
UFO

A. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S)
(1) PIE SHAPED
(2) SLIGHTLY LARGER THAN A GRAPEFRUIT
(3) ALUMINUM, DULL WITH BRIGHT TOP
(4) 5
(5) NO


- page 160 -

PAGE 2 RUNNING 14

(6) NO
(7) NONE
(8) NO SOUND
(9) LOOKED LIKE CHILDS ALUMINUM CANTEEN

B. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
(1) OBSERVER WENT OUTSIDE HOUSE TO CHECK WEATHER IN ORDER TO
DETERMINE HOW TO DRESS SHOULD FOR AN APPOINTMENT. AS OBSERVER
LOOKED UP AT SKY SHE SAW UFO'S.

(2) APPROXIMATELY 45 DEGREE ANGLE AND 360 DEGREE AZIMUTH.

(3) FOUR UFO'S DISAPPEARED IN SLIGHT CLIMB ON 356 DEGREE AZIMUTH.
THE ONE REMAINING HOVERED FOR APPROXIMATELY TWO MINUTES AND THEN
WENT OUT OF SIGHT AT APPROXIMATELY 75 DEGREE ANGLE.

(4) FLIGHT PATH WAS SMALL ORBIT IN TRAIL FLIGHT PATH, NO
PARTICULAR SPACING

(5) SEE NUMBER 3 ABOVE.

(6) THE 5 UFO'S CIRCLED FOLLOWING EACH OTHER APPROXIMATELY 3
MINUTES AT WHICH TIME 3 DEPARTED TO THE NORTH. THE OTHER TWO
CONTINUED TO CIRCLE AND AFTER ONE MINUTE ANOTHER UFO DISAPPEARED
TO THE NORTH. THE REMAINING UFO HOVERED THEN DISAPPEARED AT AN
APPROXIMATE 75 DEGREE ANGLE.


- page 161 -

PAGE 3 RUNGNK 146

C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
(1) GROUND - VISUAL
(2) OBSERVER WEARS GLASSES
(3) N/A

D. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING:
(1) 23/23.5 AUG 65
(2) DAY

E. LOCATION OF OBSERVER: EASTERN PART OF CITY LIMITS OF ENID, 
OKLAHOMA.

F. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION OF OBSERVER:
(1) CIVILIAN - MRS. [AGE REDACTED]; ENID, OKLAHOMA; OCCUPATION - HOUSEWIFE, WOULD CLASSIFY AS RELIABLE.
(2) N/A

G. WEATHER AND WINDS - ALOFT CONDITIONS AT TIME AND PLACE OF SIGHTINGS:
(1) CLEAR AND 82
(2) SURFACE
    160 DEGREE     15 KNOTS
    14,000'        250 DEGREE    15 KNOTS
    16,000'        300 DEGREE    15 KNOTS


- page 162 -

