Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: January 65  2/1900

2. LOCATION: Williamsburg, Virginia

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 35 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Go. Visual

7. COURSE: No 2-West

8. PHOTOS: O Yes
           O No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: O Yes
                      O No

10. CONCLUSION: Unidentified

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Witnessed our object. It looked out of window and observed an object 10:00 to 10 in diameter at bottom, 25 ft in diameter at top. Slightly gray color with orange color or glow on close side and they glow on far side. Moved like a mushroom or large umbrella. Shape of object like a mushroom or light bulb. Object disappeared toward horizon 4 ft off the ground. Object vanished by moving horizontal slowly to the east. In was reportedly seen by additional witnesses reportedly that city stalled too. Isolated low clouds in the area.

COMMENTS: With the shape reported is a mushroom, a low cloud of fog was observed in vicinity. One (cloud) was circular, very light, and this shape. A cloud observation or some unusual UV phenomena might be suggested. One report however was accepted car stalling. Case reported as UNIDENTIFIED.

FTD SEQ 0-629 (TDE)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

(3) The object vanished as it appeared to start moving horizontally to the west.

(4) The flight path was limited to a steady hover except for this rapid vanishing maneuver.

(5) The observer viewed the object approximately 25 seconds.

Manner of observation:
(1) Ground - visual.
(2) No optical aids were used.

Time and date of sighting:
(1) 0840 local (1340 Zulu), 23 January 1965.
(2) Light conditions: day.

Location of observer: Driving northwest on U. S. Highway 60 at the intersection of State Route 614, approximately five miles northeast of Williamsburg, Virginia.

Identifying information on observer:
(1) Name: [redacted]
(2) Address: [redacted] Richmond 30, Virginia.
(3) Age: 31 years

Weather and winds:
(1) Observer's account of weather conditions: Partly cloudy with one-half or the sky covered with clouds, no wind, and a 40 degree fahrenheit temperature.

(2) Official weather information (U. S. Weather Service, Weather Bureau Airport Station, Byrd Field, Richmond, Virginia):
(a) Wind direction and velocity:
Surface         225/6
5,000           260/25
10,000          260/37
18,000          260/68
25,000          280/58

2


- page 2 -

h. One notable meteorological condition that may have caused the sighting is the low altitude temperature inversion (2) above. The Richmond Weather Station stated that no known weather research balloons were in the area. However, they said that weather balloons are often found in Virginia that have been launched from other sites. A descending balloon would have appeared very similar to the observer's description.

i. The observer reported his sighting 20 minutes later to the Virginia State Highway Patrol. Trooper R. D. Ferris was the investigating officer. Trooper Ferris walked over the field where the object was reported to have been hovering. After finding no clues that would explain the object's existence, he called Langley Air Command to have First Lieutenant Robert R. Dockum was dispatched in a helicopter to the Williamsburg area. He was taken to the sighting location by Trooper Ferris. At 1615 local time, Lieutenant Dockum searched the area, but found no physical evidence of anything unusual.

j. A check was made with the FAA facility at Richmond Byrd Field for any known air traffic in the area at the time of the sighting. No traffic was reported.

k. This report was prepared by First Lieutenant Robert R. Dockum, USAF, 300 Air Base Wing, (DOC-10), Langley Air Force Base, Virginia. The description of the object was given by [redacted] to Lieutenant Dockum during a personal interview on 20 January 1965. This was the first time [redacted] would consent to an interview. He stated that another [redacted] had been stalled, and that another man had seen the object. He felt that he was so shocked that he did not get a good description of the other man. He did say that he was elderly and was driving an old black Chevrolet which was following closely behind his car.

l. A possible cause of the reported object is the sun reflecting off of a weather balloon. The possibility of a weather balloon being in the area was confirmed (as stated in "h" above) by the Richmond Weather Bureau.

m. Another possible cause of the reported object is the sun reflection, temperature inversion, and possible isolated low clouds combining. The only confirmation of isolated low clouds being in the area was a voluntary statement made by a Deputy County Sheriff. The time Lieutenant Dockum was searching, the clouds were confidential. The Deputy Sheriff stated that low clouds had briefly moved in from east to west about the time of the sighting.

3


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. No physical evidence was reported to exist.

2. The observer was prompted to report his sighting after hearing of many other UFO sightings in Virginia. He was very anxious to have his near sighting confirmed by press due business position. The agitated observer made a report to the Williamsburg, Virginia City Police Department. The report was released by this department to the press and consequently promoted many other reports; mainly from the Richmond, Virginia area. Most of the other reports were passed to the press and radio stations in the Richmond area and not to the Air Force.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
H. C. FOSTER
Lt. Col. USAF
Deputy Commander for Operations


- page 4 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

UFRO/TO/69216/hj                                                17 February 1965

UFO report (23 Jan 65, Williamsburg, Va)

DOC-4
ATCH: Lt Robert R Dockum
        Langley AFB, Virginia 23365

1.    Additional data is required before an evaluation of the 23 January observation by the witness can be made.    Specific information on the following points is desired:

    a.    Car stalling (duration etc)

    b.    The duration was reported as 25 seconds.    Nothing was mentioned as to the action of the car or the object.    Merely five seconds for a car to stall in an object is a heavy occurrence.    A time-motion sequence of the event is desired.

    c.    The witness stated that he was shocked and did not get a good description of the object, yet the measurements, color, etc. of the object were vividly reported.

    d.    How did the [redacted] determine that the car following him stalled or slowed or stopped to avoid an accident and the second car was calling his license number.

    e.    The incident was observed report to the Williamsburg Virginia City Police Department is desired.

    f.    Specific reasons are desired for [redacted] failure to contact for an interview until 25 January, while the sighting was on 23 January.    Also the report (can I say, was it) clear as to when actually reported the sighting to the press.

    g.    Copies of local newspaper articles regarding this sighting is desired.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
VICTOR QUIETNILLA, JR
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

1 Incl
Ltr, Subj Rpt of
Investigation of UFO,
dtd 1 Feb 65


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

1352 at 1545, 3 March 65, Sgt Jones received a call from Lt Dockery in regards to additional information to attached letter of the Williamsburg Sighting.

a. [Redacted] said about 30 seconds (just a guess), not sure how long car was stopped before seeing object. But is sure car stopped completely before seeing object.

b. Same as "A".

c. [Redacted] said after he saw the object and it disappeared he got out of his car and went out and asked the witnesses that was behind him if his car stalled. Also said he had you see that? (car behind), and he can said yes. He can said that all he asked him and they were behind, getting into their car driving an old Chevrolet.

d. [Redacted] reported the sighting to Deputy Sheriff Dutton. Dutton did not have a [redacted] report of the [redacted]. Dutton in turn told Trooper Perrin who was [redacted] which was first said. Also the witness that was behind his car was [redacted], not [redacted] to the Williamsburg Police Department but he wanted his name to be withheld. Also he [redacted] said he did not want his name utilized.

e. [Redacted] said it was more convenient for him to be interviewed on 26 Jan and investigating officials set appointment for this date.

NOTE: [Redacted] told Lt Dockery he thinks the object was a solid object and it was an Air Vehicle in the Air Force has.


- page 6 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

FJCD (TEMP)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
8 March 1965

Trooper R D Pervis
Virginia State Highway Patrol
Williamsburg, Virginia

Dear Sir,

We have received a report of an unidentified flying object observed by Mr [redacted] Jr. at the intersection of U S Highway 60 and State Route 614.

This sighting was investigated by Air Force Officials from Langley AFB, Virginia. In their report they indicated they had conducted a thorough investigation of this observation. If an official report was filed by you, you will appreciate a copy for our files and may additional information which you may have as to a possible cause of this sighting. We would also like to know if additional records have been made in the area and if you have any information regarding cars or details, as in the report indicated.

We have been receiving inquiries from various members of the press and there is some urgency regarding this matter. Any information which you may provide will be appreciated.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr.
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch


- page 7 -

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA

DEPARTMENT OF STATE POLICE
NORFOLK, VIRGINIA 23510

March 16, 1965

Major Herbert Quintanilla, Jr., USAF
1601 Aerial Elmendorf Street
(UFOB)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Your letter of March 9, 1965, addressed to Trooper R. D. Norris, Virginia
State Highway Patrol, Williamsburg, Virginia, has been forwarded to this
office for reply.

Trooper Norris did not file a report on the unidentified flying object
information obtained by him when subsequently turned over to Air Force
Intelligence from Langley Field. He has not received additional information on this incident and has not heard of other incidents.

Very truly yours,
[Signature]
H. H. Terry, Jr.
Commanding, Field Division

HHT:ss

cc: National A. F. Basis
Trooper R. D. Norris

"MAKE COURTESY YOUR CODE OF THE ROAD"


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
DEPARTMENT OF STATE POLICE
Richmond 19, Virginia
BUREAU S
P. O. BOX 1025
RICHMOND 8, VA.

"KNOW AND OBEY TRAFFIC LAWS"

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr., USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
FTD (DRAC)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433


- page 9 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

INDW/UFO
UFO Sighting, 23 Jan 65, Williamsburg, Va                     2 Apr 65

Hq USAF SAFOI-IC (Msg Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

Results of investigation to date regarding the observation on
23 Jan 65, near Williamsburg, Virginia, by two Richmond men who
indicate a plausible explanation. This is the reported sighting
of an object observed for a period of twenty-five seconds, following the car traveling of the observer. The sighting is currently
being carried as Unidentified.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Maj, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch


- page 10 -

WILLIAMSBURG, VIRGINIA
23 JANUARY 1965

At 0840, 23 January 1965, observer first noted object after his car stalled and he looked to his left. The object was first observed hovering with its nose four feet off the ground and on a heading of southwest from the observer. It was 500 feet southwest of U.S. Highway 60 and 125 feet northeast. First observer stated the object which was observed for 25 seconds began moving horizontally to the west for 100 yards. The flight path was altered to a steady hover except for the rapid vanishing maneuver.

Observer stated that the object was shaped like a mushroom or light bulb, being 25 to 30 feet in height, 20 feet diameter at top, and top was flat. Color was metallic gray with pale-orange glow on close side and blue-gray on far side. As object was hovering there was a sound similar to a vacuum cleaner.

After the object disappeared, first observer got out of his car and went and walked the witness who had been behind his car had stalled. Second witness said his car had also stalled and had also seen the object.

The observer was prompted to report his sighting after hearing of many other UFO sightings in the Virginia area. First observer told investigating officer (Lt. Ducum) that he thought the object was a solid object, and thought it was an Air Vehicle that the Air Force has.

COMMENTS

There was a low altitude temperature inversion reported by the Weather Bureau Airport Station, Byrd Field, Richmond, Virginia, which could have been balloons launched from other states. However, no conclusive balloons launched from other states have been found in Virginia. The area was searched by Lt. Ducum and no physical evidence of anything unusual was found.

Another possible cause of the reported object is the sun's reflection, temperature inversion, and possible local low clouds. Ducum, at the time moving from east to west, at approximately the time of the observation. There is no account for the car stalling as observer so stated.

Since no conclusive evidence can establish the identity of the object the case is carried as unidentified by the Air Force. Although the possibility exists that the sighting was a descending weather balloon, this is not conclusive and no embarrassing the identity as such.


- page 11 -

Information Only
Source: Project Blue Book

4 January 1965

September 30, 1965 -- Williamsburg, Virginia -- Two Richmond Businessmen (names to remain anonymous) reported to James City County Deputy Sheriff that a tall aluminum-colored, cylinder shaped UFO 75 feet above the ground stopped the motors of their car during the few seconds the object was in view. It had green and yellow lights on its side. Five Virginia Tech students reported a UFO with three yellow lights and one green light which hovered 400 feet above the ground and followed their car for a long distance along a darkened highway. TV interference was reported in the vicinity as the UFO passed by.

SOURCE: Richmond Times Dispatch, Virginia.


- page 12 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Fort Belvoir, Va. 2, Pa.

23 January 1965
Williamsburg, Va.

Williamsburg - January 23, 1965. - Two Richmond men on Rte. 60, traveling in opposite directions, midway near a "thing" traveling over a corn field, ... and about that time each of their cars raised above, and they both claim they were unable to identify the object, which was hovering in a "saucer-like" or "upside down" ice cream cone shaped ding suddenly took off at high speed. An Air Force spokesman said it was a weather balloon.

Editor's Comment:
Peculiar position and actions for a balloon, I presume.

There is also an unverified report of several Yorktown, Va. men seeing the "thing" land in a field several days ago. These men claim the object was "large" and "came out of the sky".

Almost daily, Virginians are reporting UFOs in several parts of the state, and some claim to have seen little Martian types wandering around on the ground. (?)


- page 13 -

Information Call
Source: AFETR/MCOIA-USAF
Williamsburg, Virginia, Vol. 3, No. 1, March 1965

Williamsburg, Virginia
25 January 1965

Other recent Virginia incidents include the following: Two men flying near Williamsburg in separate cars told police that they spotted a flying saucer near a highway intersection. It was a tall, luminous-colored object, about 75 feet across like an inverted ice cream cone, and it hovered no more than 75 feet above ground. Both saw and said that their car engines died for a few seconds while the UFO was in view, but started up again as soon as the object was out of sight.


- page 14 -

NEWPORT NEWS MAIN OFFICE
215-25th Street

HAMPTON BUREAU
117 North King Street

Langley Team Investigating
UFO, But Report Unlikely
By RON WILLIAMS
Daily Press Writer

Flying objects (UFO). Project
Blue Book, the Air Force's of-

ficial investigation of unidenti-
fied flying objects, is now in-
vestigating a recent sighting
near Williamsburg Saturday
morning.

The sighting was reported Sat-
urday by two unidentified per-
sons who said they saw a "bright
object" at 6:30 a.m. near the
Peninsula and those from
Williamsburg area.

When asked if Project Blue-
book attributes the sightings in
any way with the number of
flying saucer articles recently
appearing in national magazines,
the spokesman said, "well those
articles are stimulating the read-
ing public."

The spokesman pointed out
that Langley Air Force Base is
not interested to report on their
own sightings, but Project Blue
Book is the agency that is actu-
ally investigating.

A Langley Air Force Base
spokesman said the team is in-
terested in making an identifica-
tion of the object.

Since Jan. 1, Project Blue-
book's office at Wright-Patter-
son Air Force Base in Ohio sub-
mits its findings to the Penta-
gon office which releases data
to the news media.

The 113 are still listed as un-
identified.

During the investigation, the
team will attempt to determine
whether the object was a natu-
ral phenomenon or something
more concrete.

The article states that the
Langley team will try to deter-
mine whether the object was a
natural phenomenon or some-
thing else.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Newspaper Header]
Daily Press
NEWPORT NEWS, VIRGINIA, TUESDAY MORNING, JANUARY 26, 1965     Page 3

Langley Team Investigating
UFO, But Report Unlikely

By TROY WILLIAMS
A Langley Air Force Base team is investigating a UFO sighting near Williamsburg, but the chances of obtaining definitive information about the object appear slim.

Stationed at the Air Force Base here, the team is now investigating a sighting reported by two local residents who said they had observed a quadrant-sized object in the sky over Powhatan Shores Monday.

The spokesman pointed out that Langley Air Force Base has not confirmed a UFO sighting. This does not mean the base's investigating team will not look into the matter.

[Rest of the text is partially cut off or illegible]

The document appears to be a newspaper article about a UFO investigation by a Langley Air Force Base team near Williamsburg, Virginia in January 1965.


- page 16 -

HEADQUARTERS
4602ND AIR BASE WING
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LANGLEY AIR FORCE BASE, VIRGINIA 23365

REPLY TO: DO/2711
SUBJECT: Initial Report of Investigation of Unidentified Flying Object

TO: AFSC (STZO)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. The following information is presented as directed by paragraph 14, AFR 200-2:

a. Description of the object:
   (1) Shape: Mushroom or light bulb.
   (2) Size: 75 to 80 feet in height; 25 feet diameter at top, and 18 feet diameter at the bottom.
   (3) Color: Metallic grey with red-orange glow on close side and blue glow on far side.
   (4) Number: One.
   (5) Formation: None.
   (6) Discernible features: None.
   (7) Tail: None.
   (8) Sound: Similar to vacuum cleaner as it seemed to move and vanish.

b. Description of object:
   (1) The observer's attention was first called to the object when his 1964 Cadillac car stalled and he looked to his left.
   (2) The object was first observed hovering with its bottom four feet off the ground and on an azimuth of southeast from the observer. It was 500 feet southwest of U. S. Highway 60 and 125 feet northwest of State Route 614.


- page 17 -

