1. DATE - TIME GROUP
D300 1000 1300Z
Last part of Feb 65

2. LOCATION
Rivesville, W Virginia

3. SOURCE
CIVILIAN

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
ground visual

7. COURSE
landing w/men

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
OTHER: PSYCHOLOGICAL
Comments: Psychological interpretations of witness.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
See Letter

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: FSIO Bulletin, Vol 2, #1

2 February 1965
Staunton, Va

And at Staunton, on Tuesday night (February 2) three boys said they saw, and chased, a small green man in a rural road. He was described as being 3-1/2 feet tall. (Columbus Dispatch of February 3, 1965)


- page 2 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: FSIC Bulletin, Vol. 2, #1

3 February 1965
Richmond, Va.

SHERIFF SOUNDS WARNING
Richmond, Va. (AP) - February 8, 1965 - Times Dispatch, John E. Shultz being has gotten completely out of hand," says Sheriff John E. Kent of Augusta County. "This now dangerous to county residents. Anyone can go out at night," says Kent "and see reductions in the sky. But anyone carrying firearms in the county without good reason will be dealt with according to the law."

"Besides," he adds, "even if creatures from outer space have landed, who's got the right to know them down?"

Even the AP has gotten into the act. It has discounted any evidence confirming of either flying saucers or little green men. But for the record, a spokesman adds, "Our cases are never closed until the reported objects are sufficiently identified."
(Columbus Dispatch, Columbus, Ohio)

AFM 190-4 Controls releases by secretary, of Air Force Office of Information (SAOFI), By this order the SAOFI must delete all evidence of UFO reality and intelligent control.


- page 3 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: FSIC Bulletin, Vol 2, # 1

6 February 1965
Priuiston, Virginia

Priuiston Times, Virginia ... February 6, 1965 ... Roe
Ramblin, Times Editor ... He related that three "little space
men" had been chased, but the fleet-footed midgets, reported to
be about 36 inches tall, eluded them.

A retired Air Force pilot got into the act last Wednesday,
when he reported sighting a UFO to be watched for hours near
Echo 1 satellite to pass his home at Hampton, Virginia. He said
the object appeared to be V-shaped and had blinking lights
around the outer edges. It made no sound.

Air Force officials have made no definite explanations, but
have told the evidence is a matter of a limited few. Near
Fishersville, the sight of the sighting made by Horace Burns.
(December 20)

They did however, report a "significant radiation reading"
on the side of the automobile which was near the scene. No explanation given.

Roe Powell ends the article with: "But one thing seems certain.
People are seeing something, so maybe we will get a definite
answer in the near future. In any event, the next time the subject
of 'flying saucers' comes up, think before you laugh out loud."


- page 4 -

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: ARRO Bulletin, Jul, Aug, 65

11 February 1965
Boulder, Colorado

UAOs Over Boulder

Nate Ervin, a junior at Colorado University at Boulder, Colorado (USA) reported that he saw six "(coffin)shaped objects with inverted V wings which came to a point at their trailing edges at 7:35 p.m. on 11 February, 1965. They had no tail sections, he said and were "stark white against the crisp, dark winter sky."

They were lying in formation at what seemed to be an extremely high altitude and at first I thought they were jets but they were followed by no jet roar—only a loud wind sound," Ervin said. He noted their maneuvers were different from any aircraft he had observed—and said that the last two objects in the formation suddenly moved out from the group almost at right angles in a jerky movement.

"Just as quickly they assumed their flight position," he said The objects were seen while Ervin was walking across the campus and they were going from southwest to northwest at high speed.


- page 5 -

13 Friend Court
Wenham, Massachusetts

SUBJECT:    UFO Report - 16 February 1965
CONTENTS:   UFO Sighting Summary Sheet
            Related newscclips
            Drawing of Sighting area

DATE:       29 February 1965

FROM:       Raymond E. Fowler
            Chairman NICAP Massachusetts Investigating Subcommittee

TO:         NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
            Washington, D.C.

            Attention: Richard Hall (Acting Director)
            cc: USAF (ARSC - FTD)
                W.J. Webb

The following is a report concerning the sighting of a low-flying disc-shaped object over Groveland, Massachusetts by six Boy Scouts on 16 February 1965 at approximately 8:10 PM EST.

Respectfully submitted,
[Signature]
Raymond E. Fowler
NICAP Investigator

REF/ref


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

THE HAVERHILL GAZETTE, TUESDAY, FEB. 23, 1965

Groveland
Youths Quizzed
About Object

GROVELAND - Six local youths were interviewed Saturday night by a representative of the NICAP regarding the unidentified flying object reported seen last Tuesday night.

Byrons E. Fowler, Wareham, Chairman of the National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena of Massachusetts, interviewed the youths at the home of Harold W. Smythe, 42 Garrison St.

The youths who reportedly saw the saucer-shaped object were Gary Smythe, Ronald Keniston, David Crook, Kevin Parker, Stephen Flanagan and Darren McDermott.

The sighting was made by Gary W. Smythe, 16, a student at Pentucket Regional Junior High School, West Newbury and five companions who were conducting a Boy Scout patrol.

NICAP is the primary charter meeting. The silent, silver disc object was visible for nearly 15 sec. He said the investigation is to help citizens write up their sightings.

They described it as a dish tilted to the NICAP headquarters in Washington, D.C. for investigation and publication.

Fowler said only about 10 percent of the persons seeing such phenomena report the incident.

He stressed persons having information should not be afraid or ridicule in making their reports.

In the same article, he was convinced that the boys were telling the truth. He is well acquainted with them and stated that they all ran in the house very excited about what they had witnessed. He phoned the police who in turn informed the "Haverhill Gazette".

6 Youths See
Flying Object

Groveland Youths Report to Police the Sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object Tuesday night over a barn on property of Mr. and Mrs. Harold W. Smythe, 42 Garrison St., Groveland.

The sighting was made by Gary W. Smythe, 16, a student at Pentucket Regional Junior High School, West Newbury and five companions with five conducting a Boy Scout patrol. NICAP is the primary charter meeting. The silent, silver disc object was visible for nearly 10 sec. He did the primary charter, here, there is a jet airliner, the Massachusetts astronomical society.

Youths were interviewed Saturday night by a representative of the NICAP regarding the unidentified flying object reported seen last Tuesday night.


- page 7 -

UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY SHEET

UFO REPORT -- 2/16/65

WITNESSES:    Gary Smythe (age 19)         Steven T. Flanagan (age 11)
              42 Garrison Street,           16 Chestnut Street,
              Cleveland, Massachusetts      Cleveland, Massachusetts
              Grade 8                       Grade 6

              Kevin Parker (age 11)         Darren DiDomenico (age 12)
              21 Sylvan Street,             20 Geneva Street,
              Cleveland, Massachusetts       Cleveland, Massachusetts
              Grade 6                        Grade 6

              Ronald Knowlton (age 11)      David S. Geek (age 12)
              16 Molding Street,             16 Warren Street,
              Cleveland, Massachusetts        Cleveland, Massachusetts
              Grade 6                         Grade 7

              (Parents of above have given permission to use names)

PLACE(s):     42 Garrison Street, Cleveland, Massachusetts
              * 21 Sylvan Street, Cleveland, Massachusetts (K. Parker only)

DATE:         16 February 1965              TIME:    8:20 PM EST

BACKGROUND:
On 20 February 1965 I received a UFO newsclip taken from the "Wavervhill Gazette" and an interview with Gary Smythe and his father. Immediately phoned the prime witness Gary Smythe and with his father's permission arranged an interview. Upon arriving I found two members of the Wavervhill "Gazette" press waiting to interview me. After were very interested in both the sighting and the investigation which I have enclosed as part of the report.

SIGHTING:
Five of the witnesses were in the midst of the game-time period of a boy Scout patrol meeting and were out in Gary Smythe's backyard. A lighted oval object, approaching and shouted to the others to look. As they watched, the object seemed to pass low over a nearby barn and a rock well tall trees behind an adjoining field just at time to get another look at the object. As they watched, the object moved in a hovering position. Kevin Parker said he glimpsed the object. The other boys doubted Gary's description of it. I am inclined to believe while to be who case after interviewing him and comparing his account with others.

All pressed verbally and on their drawings that the object was round. Some showed an inverted dish configuration. Most showed a configuration similar to an oval or egg shape. Steven Flanagan said he did not see the blue lights. But was with the group. Kevin Parker showed what seems in their drawings and verbal description of the object's perimeter.


- page 8 -

2/26/65 Cleveland, Mass. UFO Report (continued)

Estimated duration of the sighting time varied largely as usual - anywhere between 2 - 50 seconds. Taking all factors into consideration, I have observed the UFO while flying a light plane in the object was seen by Gary Layne to the time it disappeared over the horizon most of the time was probably in the order of 10 seconds.

The estimated brightness of the object's lights varied between that of (and possibly) reflected off the object's surface revealing a silver color. The color of the object was described as a very intense in color, with estimates of the object's apparent size and its distance was very vague. In the apparent size of a small object held at arm's length, varied between 1/16 and 1/8 of a degree. Darren McDermott estimated the object's length as 1/4 mile long. The object was between 150 feet and 600 yards. The object was observed moving in a front of a cloud. Clouds were at 2000 feet and the evening. Darren McDermott estimated 100 outside at 2000 feet but this estimate was not considered accurate.

All agreed that the object appeared to be larger than a jet airliner at the same altitude and that it was traveling about as fast as a jet would be traveling at that altitude. Bigger Flanagan was the only one who had any ground testimony from the clouds. He observed that the object moved from 12 Harrison Street toward the moon and except for a few scattered clouds. All said they saw the moon except Darren McDermott who could not remember seeing it.

EVALUATION:

On the chance that the object might have been the local "UFO", i.e., the "Sky Lab" at Westover, a check with the company's manager. He informed me that the plane had not flown since September 1964. I checked out again with the National Weather Bureau at Worcester and learned that there were high thin scattered clouds at 2000 feet with a west to northwest wind as at 27 mph from the west to northwest and the moon rose at 6:11 PM.

Due to the lack of age and the excitement in was a difficult task in getting that to will any time report. Extra or cautiously no adult would have done. It is hard to make a good evaluation giving accurate data concerning the object. A few comments: 1. Darren Skow, saw a white light as described. The only corroborative statement that can be made is that the object was seen by two witnesses and a white light as described. It had a demo, S. Flanagan said that while he was in a small boat he could see a red glow. No further substantive points could be brought out. Though they saw the outline of parts around the position, no additional information could be added. In this case I have not received reports from additional witnesses who might have seen this object.

                                    Raymond S. Fowler (Investigator)
                                    Chairman, NICAP Mass. Subcommittee


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Mr. Raymond E. Fowler
13 Friend Court,
Wenham, Massachusetts

Air Force Systems Command
Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson AFB,
Dayton, Ohio
Attention: PROJECT BLUEBOOK


- page 10 -

Information Only
Source: Base Skywarn, 26 Feb 65

Chico, California
16 February 1965

AF Balloon
Sets Record
The largest balloon ever constructed completed a successful flight Feb.
17 when the Air Force recovered a
450-pound payload which had been
lifted to a record 112,000-foot altitude
in the first flight over the western
United States.

The mammoth 13.5 million-cubic-
foot balloon was launched Feb. 16
from a permanent field station at
Chico, Calif., by personnel of the
Air Force's Cambridge Research Laboratories (AFCRL), Bedford, Mass.
Arthur Korn of the AFCRL was
project director for the flight. Lyman Stevens of Saint Paul, Minn., managed the balloon.

Skywarn
JTD 26 Feb


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Akro See Case 9 Feb 1964

Rivensville, West Virginia
26588
May 5, 1965

Gentlemen:

Sometime ago (February 1964) I was at your Clarksburg office which I saw in the night sky and I thought it was a UFO. I filled out the data sheet which you sent me, after studying the information your reply was that this was probably a weather balloon.

Later on towards the last part of February on a snowing night I and my father were riding along coming back home from crossing our farm. We were looking at the ground as anyone would do, when we heard the sound of a car plane or I looked up and saw a large light similar to a large flashlights light shining on the ground and lighting up the snow in the area. At this light formed a large spot on the ground (as it rolled). It still my father to look out the light came out.


- page 12 -

Information Only
Source: UFO Investigator, Vol III, No 2, April-May 65

Aptos, California
13 January 1965

A peculiar UFO was observed on Jan. 18, 1965, by Dr. William Nolan, a college professor at Aptos, Calif. At 10:10 p.m., Dr. Nolan saw a large, brilliant light moving on a stretch course. Suddenly a concave shell, about eight times larger, came from behind the light. Rotating clockwise on a vertical axis, the shell encircled the light until it was no longer visible. When the shell had completely enclosed the light - or lighted object - it climbed into the clouds at jet plane speed. The professor's report was confirmed by two witnesses.


- page 13 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: FOWLER

19 February 1965
Hanover, Massachusetts

February 19, 1965--Hanover, Massachusetts--At an intersection of Route 3 and 139 in Hanover six men in a car pool saw a fast-moving, very brilliant, pulsating lighted UFO that reversed direction and passed directly in front of their car. SOURCE: Boston Traveler, Massachusetts.


- page 14 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: SAUCER NEWS Sept 65

21 February 1965
Chala, Paracas, Argentina

LITTLE MEN LAND IN FORMOSA, ARGENTINA: According to a newspaper in Misiones, Argentina, called "La Provincia," a flying saucer landing occurred near the little Indian village of Chaco, Formosa, at 9 p.m. on February 21st of this year. The spaceship was of an aluminum color, and made several passes at very low altitude before finally landing before the astonished eyes of the Indians, who then saw three small figures emerge from the craft.

Each figure was surrounded by a blue phosphorescence of some sort, according to the report. Moving along with difficulty, the creatures reached a place where about fifty Indians had gathered, one of whom fled on horseback to call the police. The police arrived and were witnesses to the incredible scene, and took several pictures of the little men and their craft. These were sent to Buenos Aires, according to the newspaper, and we have no further information as to what happened to them.

The alien creatures were apparently as frightened by the flash of the photographer's flashbulbs as the natives of them; for they retreated slowly and with difficulty to their spaceship, then stood next to it for another fifteen minutes, and finally took off at a very high speed. At the time of departure, the saucer became enveloped in a light of blinding intensity, and gave off a deafening noise.

Although we have five different clippings about this incident, there is no further information available after the original report from "La Provincia" and the various commentaries on it by other Argentine newspapers. According to the version only, the little man gave a message of peace and good will (presumably in Spanish), to the startled Indians. We tend to disbelieve this embellishment, however.

SOURCE: SAUCER NEWS Sept 65                                                February
                                                                            Argentina

ONE-EYED GIANTS LAND IN ARGENTINA: A rather wild story from the town of Torzen, date-lined Santo Time, Argentina, tells of two saucer landings that occurred within a few days of each other. During a very dark night, a UFO landed in full view of a small group of frightened farmers and two strange beings, more than six feet in height, got out of the machine. They had only one eye, and had an apparatus on their foreheads which gave off small lights of many different colors. The space creature went into one of the nearby houses, and tried to kidnap the farmer who lived there, but was unsuccessful due to the combined efforts of his friends, who came to his rescue.

On the night that this happened for the second time, the farmers opened fire on the visitors. They found to their dismay that their bullets had no effect. They also found, however, that the spacemen were very weak physically, and apparently could be easily dispatched. From their kidnap mission, in any case, it seems that no one on either side of the strange conflict was seriously hurt. However, some of the earthmen who came into physical contact with the visitors have come down with a strange skin disease, which looks like tiny tattoo marks of some kind.


- page 15 -

No Trace, Information Only
Source: FSIC Bulletin, Vol 2, # 1                                                      12 February 1965
                                                                                       Akron, Ohio

FEAR-SHAPED UFO

Akron Area ... February 22, 1965 ... Mr. Craig Shull, of
Mt. Pleasant Road, a former aviator with thousands of hours
flying time, was all sort of discreet when he told his story at 1:58 A.M.
Lying on his bed in the dark, he was admiring the brilliant stars
sparkling in the southern sky. Suddenly his attention was attracted
to a very large illuminated, "pear-shaped" object moving very
slowly from E to W. When first seen, it was at 30 degrees ele-
vation, in the S.E.

He awakened his wife, Pauline. They both watched it for a
while, as it proceeded deliberately westward. They carefully made
their way to the living room window, which is a very large
thermopane and, at that time, was completely clear of any mois-
ture. They watched the object reach a position S.W. and stopped
by then the object and an elevation of 35 degrees. It rose slightly
but returned to its original position, where it remained stationary
for at least seven minutes.

"I looked something like a inverted parachute at first, it
even looked like an egg with a flattened large end down," said
Mr. Shull.

Through the 7x50 binoculars, they both said that it had a
clear-cut, dark greenish-purple edge. The surface of the ob-
ject was "blinky-like", something like the sparkle of snow, and of
a white color, and Shull, it seemed that the surface was made
up of small, possibly individual lights, which seemed to sparkle
or pulse. There was general agreement to the by both witnesses
that the object was sharply defined and that compared
to the brilliant star, Sirius. The surface area was less intense,
and "sparkly white".

"Its size was at least 20 times the size of Sirius," said Shull.
More specifically, it was the size of a small pea at arm's length.

The sighting of 14 minutes duration ended when a bank of
clouds shut off further viewing. The thought they were thin high
clouds at first, but a check with the weather bureau at the
Canton AP placed the clouds at about 3-4 tenths scattered strato-
cumulus. Temp. 9 degrees F. Wind WSW - 7 knots.

"It seemed to be at a great distance," "Probably 50,000 feet, a-
way," guessed Mr. Shull. "It had to be huge," he surmised.

According to the Shull's, they had a clear view of the sky. No
sound, good visibility, no vapor trail, etc.

Mr. Shull: During WW II - had a 5-P rating as a pilot
with ATC - Commercial pilot with Goodyear Tire Com-
pany - Now an inspector at Goodrich Tire Company.
Overall flight experience - 23 years.

Mrs. Shull: Bookkeeper and insurance agent.


- page 16 -

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: ARIN Bulletin, Jul, Aug, 65

24 February 1965
Baldwin Park, California

UFO Over Southern California

Friedrich Burkert of Baldwin Park California, walked out into the back yard of his home at 7:20 p.m. on 24 February 1965 and saw a cigar-shaped object over the western sky. It moved slowly from the north and disappeared in the south. It made no sound. Burkert called his brother in Covina who couldn't see the object but who reported three small red objects in a different direction. One object flew from horizon to horizon in 20 seconds.

The object seen by F. Burkert was like two saucers edge-to-edge with a red light on top and one on the bottom. There were several yellow-lighted ports or "gates" as Burkert called them, which would light up one at a time until all were lit, then all would go out and the sequence would start again.


- page 17 -

NO CASE: (Information Only)
Source: APRO Bulletin, Mar & Apr 65

Lights Over Arkansas

Amateur Astronomer and APRO member Frank Hudson of Elkins, Arkansas, reports the following observation of UFO on the designated dates.  He asks that anyone who has information on similar sightings at these specific dates and time, to get in touch with APRO. Any possible explanation will be appreciated.

"February 26, 1965: Time 7:10 CST. Weather clear, wind calm. No moon. I observed in NE about 30 degrees from eastern horizon a light about the size of Echo 2. It was going faster than a jet and too slow for a meteor. It was going south. The large light brightened and dimmed about every four seconds. It was white. There was another light about the same distance from the horizon. I saw it for about 10-15 seconds. There was no noise, sparks or tail that I could see.

"February 27, 1965: Time 6:55 P.M. CST. Weather clear: South wind 10 mph. No moon. I saw a white light in east about 25 degrees up from horizon going SE about jet speed. It was blinking at about one second intervals, but not going completely out. I tracked it with my 60X scope, and saw it was one light, or a reflecting light from a tumbling body. Toward the end of the sighting, the light was amber color and was steady. It faded out in SE, well above the horizon. Sighting lasted about 30 seconds.

"February 27, 1965. Time 7:15 p.m. CST. Weather clear. Light north breeze. Moon up about 50 degrees in the west. I saw a light in the south about 25 degrees up. It was moving east about jet speed. Through 60X scope it showed one white light."

26 February 65
Elkins, Arkansas


- page 18 -

1 - 31 MARCH 1965 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER           EVALUATION

2       Dayton, Ohio                                               AIRCRAFT
2       Brooksville, Fla.                        (FOLDER)          Other (HOAX)
3       Point Au Fer Reef, La.                   Military          AIRCRAFT
4       Cape Decision, Alaska                                      SATELLITE
4       New York City, New York                  Military          AIRCRAFT
4       Corvallis, Oregon                                          SATELLITE
5       Albuquerque, New Mexico                                    (PHYSICAL SPECIMEN)
6       James Connally AFB, Texas                Military          UNIDENTIFIED
8       Washington, D. C.                                          AIRCRAFT
8       Mt. Airy, Maryland                                         INSUFFICIENT DATA
9       Dayton, Ohio                                               Astro (METEOR)
10      Kansas City, Missouri                                      UNIDENTIFIED
10      43.06N 173.00W (Pacific)                                   SATELLITE
10      Deer Park, Md.                                             SATELLITE
10-12   Youngstown, Ohio                         Multiple          BALLOON
11      Florida - Georgia Area                                     Other (PSYCHOLOGICAL)
12-13   Brooklyn, N. Y.                                            Astro (METEOR)
13      Rochester, N. Y.                                           SATELLITES
DR 15   Laos                                                       AIRCRAFT
15      Lincoln, Nebraska                                          Other (PART OF AIRCRAFT)
16      Halifax, Nova Scotia                                       Other SATELLITE DECAY
        Doctors Cove, Nova Scotia                                  Other (PSYCHOLOGICAL)
20      Waverly, Ohio                            Military          (PHOTO)
20      Sloan, Nevada                                              Other (DEVELOPER SMEAR)
22      64.36N 29.13W (Atlantic)                                   SATELLITE
22      Peekskill, N. Y.                                           Other PSYCHOLOGICAL
24      Lexington, Mass.                                           AIRCRAFT
25      Rangoon, Burma                                             Astro (METEOR)
25      Brooklyn, N. Y.                          Multiple          INSUFFICIENT DATA
26      Paradise Post NBP, Fla.                                    AIRCRAFT
26      50 Mi S of Albany, N. Y.                                   Astro (METEOR)
27      Springfield, Ohio                                          AIRCRAFT
28      Texas Area                               Multiple          Astro (METEOR)
30      Barberton, Ohio                                            INSUFFICIENT DATA
30      Watertown, N. Dak.                                         Astro (METEOR)
30      Lewisburgh - Dayton, Ohio (FOLDER)       Multiple          1. AIRCRAFT
30      Dayton, Ohio                                               2. Astro (JUPITER)
30      Dayton, Ohio                                               Astro (JUPITER-ALDEBARAN)
30      Bellbrook, Ohio                          Military          AIRCRAFT
30      Pacific (100 mi off Calif)                                 Astro (METEOR)
31      Dayton, Ohio                                               Astro (METEOR)
31      Dayton, Ohio                                               Astro (MARS)
31      Larson AFB, Washington - Canada          Military          AIRCRAFT
                                                                   Astro (METEOR)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                SOURCE                             EVALUATION

Mar     Cupertino, Calif.                        (64)
4       Randolph, Mass.                          (NICAP RPT)


- page 19 -

1 - 31 MARCH 1965 SIGHTINGS
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                SOURCE            EVALUATION
7       Sydney, Australia        Newsclipping
7       Victoria, British Columbia Newsclipping
3-18    Napa, California         Newsclipping
11      Vandenburg, California   Newsclipping
14      Everglades, Florida      Taylor (Ltr)
16      Moolavas, Canada         Newsclipping
17      Fort Myers, Florida      Newsclipping
17      Port Adelaide, Australia Newsclipping
19      Takamatus, Japan         Newsclipping
20      Belmont, California      Newsclipping
30      Los Angeles, California  Newsclipping


- page 20 -

The text appears to be handwritten and somewhat difficult to read. While I can see the writing, much of it is illegible due to the cursive script and image quality. I can make out some fragments and numbers, but cannot confidently transcribe the full text with certainty. The document appears to be a handwritten report or note, written vertically and at different angles on the page.


- page 21 -

I apologize, but the handwritten text in this image is extremely difficult to read with certainty. The document appears to be a handwritten page with cursive script, but the writing is so dense and the image quality is such that I cannot confidently transcribe the text without potentially introducing errors. The text appears to cover the entire page, written in what seems to be a personal or official document style from an older time period, but the specifics are not clear from this image.


- page 22 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Partial text, some words are difficult to read clearly]

"...then went home and checked
...what may
...the described to me
...to what the UFO
...after this
...ning was completed
...and at its my
...and she said
that it looked just the
...so to scale one
...I thought I heard..."

The document contains a hand-drawn sketch of a UFO (flying saucer) with a beam or column extending downward, situated in a landscape with clouds and small vegetation/grass marks. The UFO is drawn with horizontal lines and dots around its circumference, and appears to have a dome-like top section.


- page 23 -

Rivesville, West Virginia
21558

Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.
20330


- page 24 -

Information Only
Source: UFO Investigator, Vol III, No. 2, April-May, 65

Between Alaska & Japan
Mid-February, 1964

THREE HUGE UFOS PACE U.S. AIRLINER

Three enormous flying discs, computed to be about 1,000 feet in diameter, paced a U.S. airliner in mid-February, between Alaska and Japan. Details of the encounter, which has been kept from the public until now, have just been given to NICAP in a signed report by an American flying officer on active duty in the Far East.

The three UFOs were encountered by a Flying Tiger Airlines flight carrying military personnel from the United States to bases in Japan and other Asiatic countries. The airliner was about four hours out of Anchorage, Alaska, en route to Tachikawa, Japan, when the gigantic oval-shaped objects first were noted. One of the military passengers, an aerial navigator with equipment rank, was asked to come up to the cockpit to observe the strange formation. Go the aircraft's radar screen, he could see three "targets" (radar blips) holding a position five miles off one wing.

Together with the Flying Tiger pilots, navigator and flight engineer, the captain saw three gigantic, glowing red objects off the aircraft's wing, just as the radar showed.

The UFOs paced the aircraft for about 30 minutes, states the Flying Officer's report. "When they departed they climbed straight out at a high angle. The Flying Tiger [crew] tracked the [climb-out] speed at 1200 knots." (About 1380 m.p.h.)

During the 30-minute observation, the military navigator made a careful check on the UFOs' size. Extending his hands to arm's length, he made an oval with his fingers, enclosing one of the glowing red objects. The longer dimension, between his fingers, was about 2-1/2 inches. Using the five-mile range factor, the object subtended an angle of about 1/100th of a degree at 1,000 feet. Even with a liberal allowance for error, the UFOs would still be about twice the size of the two giant discs encountered by AF and Navy pilots in 1956.

As detailed on p.6 of NICAP's documented report, "THE UFO EVIDENCE," a Far East Air Force pilot, flying an F-86 Jet, picked up a large UFO on his radar. Securing a radar lock-on, he closed in and sighted a high round device, later computed to be about 350 feet in diameter. After causing repeated interference with his radar, the UFO escaped at a speed of approximately 2,000 mph.

(In the Navy case, p. 32 of "THE UFO EVIDENCE," the commanding officer of a Super Constellation transport over the Atlantic nearly collided with a disc as large as or larger than the one in the Far East report.)

After the Flying Tiger encounter, one of the pilots told the military navigator that "they often see UFOs on the Alaskan run." So far as we know, the other reports have not been released.

In connection with the Flying Tiger case, it is interesting to compare the UFO encounter reported by two Japanese airline crews on March 21, 1965 (details in previous issue) and the U.S. report by an Electra captain describing a near-collision with a giant UFO, on Jan. 5, 1965. See page 3 for detailed story.


- page 25 -

Here is the text from the document:

THE U.F.O. Investigator
FACTS ABOUT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
Published by the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena

Vol. III, No. 2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                of April-May, 1965

THREE HUGE UFOS
PACE U.S. AIRLINER

UFO INVESTIGATOR
NEAR COLLISION REPORTED

Three enormous flying discs, computed to be about 1,000 feet
in diameter, paced a U.S. airline in mid-February, between
Alaska and Japan. Details of the encounter, which has been kept
from the public until now, have just been given to NICAP in
a signed report by an American flying officer on active duty in the
Far East.

The reported near-collision between a UFO and an airliner,
mentioned in the last issue, is still being investigated. For
reasons we cannot disclose now, the full details and conclusions
will have to be delayed. Meantime, here are the main points
reported to NICAP:

The sighting occurred at Mach, Jan. 2, 1965, as a four-engine
Electra, operated by a major airline, was approaching a large

Flight UFO: The UFO were encountered by a Flying Tiger Airlines airport with 23 years military
flight carrying military personnel from the United States to bases and airline experience. In the cockpit with him were the First
in Japan and other Asian countries. The aircraft was about Officer (co-pilot) and the Flight Engineer.
four hours out of Anchorage, Alaska, en route to Tachikawa, Several miles from the airport, both pilots sighted what they
Japan, when the gigantic oval-shaped objects first were noted. first thought was an ordinary aircraft. Suddenly it turned, came
One of the military passengers, an aerial navigator with cap- swiftly toward the Electra at a tremendous speed - a dart-like
tain's rank, was asked to come up to the cockpit to observe the black silhouette in the clear sky, delta-shaped machine, show-
strange formations. Together with the pilot and co-pilot, the ing a black silhouette in the clear sky, a delta-shaped machine.
three "targets" (radar blips) holding a position five miles off Gates, the airway, head-on approach. As the captain's report in
one wing. Together with the Flying Tiger pilots, navigator and part reads: "I called out 'What the hell is it?' ... Somebody said 'Good
first engineer, the captain saw three gigantic, glowing red ob- God!' ... It started to turn away, then as suddenly as it had ap-
jects off the aircraft's wing, just as the radar showed. peared it departed ... it disappeared at tremendous speed - a
The UFOs paced the aircraft for about 30 minutes," states speed of several thousand miles per hour. I did not report a
the UFO witness. "When they departed the UFOs climbed conventional aircraft because I did not feel it was a near miss with a con-
at tremendous speed." The navigator tracked the UFOs at a ventional aircraft."
climb-out speed at 1200 knots. "About 1360 m.p.h.") The captain added a note to the NICAP report (NICAP note: Capt.
During the 30-minute close watch, the military made a Killian was ridiculed by the AF and later
careful check on the UFOs' size. Extending his hands to arm's silenced after he publicly reported sighting three UFOs from
length, he made an oval with his fingers, enclosing an area his DC-6 airliner, a sighting confirmed by his co-pilot and five
glowing red objects. The loose formation, between his fingers, other airline crews). Details in "THE UFO EVIDENCE," p. 9)
was about 2-1/2 inches. Using the five-mile reference, the While approaching Washington, after darkness had fallen,
size would be about 350 feet in diameter. (NICAP note: In the captain and co-pilot saw a UFO with very bright lights darting
NICAP note: In comparison, these UFOs would be about twice about the sky. Suddenly two of them came
the size of the two giant airships encountered by AP in 1954 directly at us, at high speed, and appeared to be about to collide
in 1958.) with the aircraft. The captain took violent evasive action, and as I recall
Even with a liberal allowance for error, the three UFOs he had to break formation with the other passengers who complained in
must have been at least 700 feet in diameter. writing about being shaken about.
(See detailed on p.6 of NICAP's documented report, "THE UFO The Electra captain said he was sure these red lights were UFOs,
EVIDENCE," A Far East Air Force pilot, flying a C-124 was but the captain and I knew better ... these red lights were moving at a
paced up a large UFO on his radar. Securing a radar lock-on speed that even today we have not matched.)
he closed in and started a high round deviation. Later he was
able to get within 350 feet of the diameter. After causing repeated interfere- George Adamski, 74, of Vista, Calif., died April 23, 1965, in
ence with his Far East port.) the Washington Sanitarium, Takoma Park, Md., of an apparent
(Continued on page 3 for THE UFO EVIDENCE) heart attack.


- page 26 -

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: AFRO Bulletin, Jul, Aug, 65

1 February 65
Maple Valley, Wash.

Musicians Spot UAOs

William E. Bolson of Maple Valley (Washington State) reported to the Seattle Intelligence on 1 February 1965 that he and his fellow musicians, enroute from Kent to Renton by car, had seen two objects at 6:15 p. m. on the 31st of January.

The objects traveled together in a "crazy pattern" and "seemed to be linked together by some invisible rod". Bolson said. They gave the appearance of a "flying dumbbell" which moved back and forth across the landscape, then flew off and almost disappeared from sight. They came back and seemed to hang over some high tension wires. The original color was white, like a glowing light bulb. Then the color changed to red, then green and back to white. Bolson reported.


- page 27 -

