The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically document 10073 regarding a UFO sighting in Baltimore, Maryland on September 16, 1965.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 16 September 65, 16/2302Z
2. LOCATION: Baltimore, Maryland
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. TYPE OF OBJECTS: Probable A/C sightings. Description more closely associated with balloons/lighted objects released at 1600. 
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground - Visual
7. COURSE: Erratic
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and some text. The diagram appears to be related to a UFO sighting, showing the path and direction of an object. There is also a compass-like image in the top right corner of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "O" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show the direction from which you first saw the object.

28. Draw a straight line from the first position of the object to the last position of the object. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and place a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

Yes the same time, I don't think I've seen it before.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

Baltimore, Md. 2-15

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME:
ADDRESS: Last Name Middle Name 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.  

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Reported to the Weather service.
Day Month Year

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed letter from the Department of the Air Force in Washington, D.C. addressed to someone in Baltimore, Maryland. The letter is regarding a report on an unidentified flying object sighting.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

28 SEP 1955

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Attached is PTD Form 164 which is used for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects to the Air Force. In order for the Air Force to evaluate these reports, this form should be completed and returned.

Sincerely,

SARA HUNT
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
PTD Form 164

To whom it may concern: An Unidentified Flying Object, I saw it in the N.W. section of Baltimore. It was flashing back and forth and then it just shot up and seemed to go out of sight. It made a tremendous speed. Three minutes later another object came over headed in a tremendous speed, I have never seen anything like it before.

Please Reply to:
[REDACTED]
Baltimore Md. 21215

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this particular page. 

The text output from the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

Balt O. Md. 2/12/65

The Air Travel 
Washington D.C. 
5-9-6 31

NASA 
Wash. D.C.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather text handwritten on a document. The text describes an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting and the witness's observations.

20 minutes past midnight  
i went out to observe the sky for several minutes and observed a bright light which appeared to be moving toward the northwest at a slow rate of speed. it was more brilliant than the (obscured) stars visible and appeared to be about the size of a small basketball. it moved at a steady pace in a straight line and then disappeared from view. my impression was that it was no ordinary aircraft, and i waited about a year ago i sent a letter for
about a year ago I sent a letter for
more information from the U.S.O. came as usual with the usual negative reply.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

"Made and gave you the game as now and will not with a supply a of same, it will and no longer. We were hot like the day, the from evening to tell." 
Mrs. -------
2-12-55

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document, specifically a questionnaire related to unidentified aerial phenomena. The document includes various questions about the sighting, such as the date, time, location, and duration of the observation.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be treated confidentially and will not be used for any purpose, such as drawing conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 16 SEPT 1965
2. Time of day: 4:30 - 5:00 minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? BIGLERVILLE AND WAYNESBORO (US-ROUTE)
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 - 20 SECONDS
5.1 How was time in sight determined? ESTIMATED
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES - No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day: CLEAR b. Night: CLEAR (Circle One)
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with questions and response options related to the observations of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object AT NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Overcast or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Thunderstorm or heavy rain, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

12. The edge of the object was: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Sharply defined, c. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know, b. Suddenly speed up and then slow down? Yes / No / Don't know, etc.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from what appears to be a UFO report document. The page contains a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of a UFO-like object.

Transcription of the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes  No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: To the east for a period of 5 minutes

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Suddenly disappeared
b. Circular shape

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Couldn't be seen.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically show the size relative to your hand or some other object. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing of an oval-shaped object]

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a filled-out questionnaire with various questions and response options.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. At an airport (plane)
e. Other 

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. At your residence
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) (No)
b. Sun glasses (Yes) (No)
c. Windshield (Yes) (No)
d. Window glass (Yes) (No)
e. Telescope (Yes) (No)
f. Binoculars (Yes) (No)
g. Other (Yes) (No)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: white spherical objects moving strangely.

- page 11 -

