The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a form that documents a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 14 August 65 06/0535
2. LOCATION: Tinley Park, Illinois (2)
3. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 16-17 seconds
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers were viewing the stars through a telescope when an object passed in front of the telescope. The object traveled at a lightning speed, about 2-3 degrees per second, and then turned and went north. First observer also said the object turned 90 degrees and went out of sight. Both witnesses said the object appeared as a star-like object and lasted only about 16-17 seconds.
6. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
7. CONCLUSION: UNIDENTIFIED

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing an observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO) that occurred in Tinley Park, Illinois on August 4, 1965.

TINLEY PARK, ILLINOIS
4 AUGUST 1965

The observers were viewing the stars through a telescope when the object came into view shortly after midnight. According to the observers, all of a sudden the object appeared to move like a lightning bug would, and moved southwest at an angular rate of 2-4 degrees per second. Its color was white, like a star, for the major portion of its journey, turning to a faint red after approximately 10 seconds. The object disappeared suddenly after approximately 16-17 seconds total duration. According to one witness the object turned south (according to his report) and north (according to his drawing). At first, one observer stated that the object turned 45 degrees, but he later changed his estimate to 10 degrees. The other observer did not mention any turns other than a slight zig-zag motion. No sound was heard and no trail or exhaust was observed.

One possibility is that of an airplane suddenly turning on its landing lights. This would be the wrong direction for O'Hare International, but it might have been in the landing pattern. However, if this was the case, why should it suddenly change color to red and then go so very shortly after.

The possibility of a satellite is ruled out because the direction of flight is opposite that of a satellite. The duration is a little long for a meteor. However, by according to the angular rate, what we see there still is the possibility that it could have been a meteor and that the observer overestimated the time; however, no trail was reported.

There is no indication or evidence that this sighting was an extraterrestrial vehicle or that it posed a threat to our national security. The case is carried as unidentified since it is not presently explainable in terms of a meteor, or any other plausible explanation.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document describing a UFO sighting report.

UFO report

This is a report on a phone call to -- and to -- of their sighting of 5 Aug 65: 2 August may be significant because it is the time when many sightings were going on, but these boys were not out looking for UFOs. They were out with a telescope, shortly after midnight and were lying on the ground looking straight up. All of a sudden there popped into slow, "like a lightening bug would" according to --, and moved southwest some 20 per second according to Larry and some 40 per second according to --, the latter being based on a memory test over the telephone. According to -- it turned south (according to his report) and north, according to his drawing. He reports a turn of 45° which he changed to 10° on phone, and did not mention any turn in particular, except a zigging motion. Its color was white, like a star, (as the major portion of its journey, turning to a fainter red later on.

The direction was opposite to that of satellites, and satellites don't turn red. The pulsing matter is its sudden appearance, which both boys agreed upon independently. There was no sound heard.

Referring to the angular rate chart, we see that

There is still the possibility that it could have been a meteor and that the boys have over-estimated the time. They reported no trail whatever, whereas another possibility is that of an airplane suddenly turning its landing lights on - wrong direction for O'Hare - but it might have been in the landing pattern. But why should it suddenly change to red in 10 seconds and then go out very shortly thereafter? It disappeared suddenly - it did not fade out with distance. The boys both reported a completely clear sky although there were some clouds later on, and had been some earlier.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be the text of a letter or report.

PFD (CAAAM) 
PROJECT BLUEBOOK FILE 
MCLE - Patterson AFB, OHIO #4533 
2 September 1965

Tinley Park, Illinois

Dear Mr. ___ and Mr. ___,

This report is to inform you that the Tinley Park case, which you submitted, was forwarded to the USAF UFOIXI information and coordination division, Washington, D.C.

Mr. Ryan has assigned the case to Captain Blue Book. He will contact the AIC, request basic investigator's reports to support the Tinley Book, and determine whether a Blue Book case file should be opened.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUEBOOK

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing text describing a UFO sighting.

COMBAT READINESS TRAINING OPERATIONS 
22ND TROOP CARRIER SQUADRON - MEDIUM (RESERVE) 
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
O'HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT 
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60666
SUBJECT: U.F.O.
A. Description of the object:
1. Would you please describe the object's shape? Looked like star than got brighter than turned red, continued changed course then disappeared.
2. Size as compared to a known object held in the hand at about arm's length: (such as a pea, dime, nickel, "baseball", etc.) Smaller than a pea at same's length - about size of pin head.
3. Color: White blurred then turned red
4. Number: One (1)
5. Formation, if more than one: N/A
6. Any discernible features or details: None
7. Was there a tail, trail or exhaust, including size or same compared to object?: No
8. Was there any sound? If so, please describe the sound: None
9. Other pertinent or unusual Features: None

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, with a form that seems to be designed to gather information about a UFO sighting.

3. Description of course of object.
1. What first called the attention or observer to the object outside with telescopes. Looking to Southwest without telescopes. Didn't use telescopes, just happened to notice movement.
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed 600 angle in a Southwest direction.
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance 900 angle in a Southwest direction.
4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object doing in a wavering direction and seemed course to South.
5. How did the object disappear (Fade away or instantaneously) Instantaneously.
6. How long was the object visible? (Be specific, 5 min, one hour) 15 to 17 seconds.
7. Manner of observation. How was it detected, ground-visual, air visual, ground-visual; air disturbance. (if disturbance, specify type of radar) Ground-visual.
8. Were any optical aids used. (Telescopes, binoculars?) No.
9. Was this an airborne sighting? If so: N/a
A. Type
B. Altitude
C. Size
D. Heading
E. Doing
F. Time duration
G. Telephone No

- page 6 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

D. Time and date of sighting: 3 August 1955
E. Location of Observer: 7115 W. 17th Place, Tinley Park, Illinois, approximately 87°50'W 41°36'N
F. Identifying Information on Observer:
1. Civilian
2. Age: 18
3. Occupation: Serviceman, Cook
4. Education: High School Graduate
5. Reliability and credibility: estimate credible, no reason to doubt truthful
G. Weather and Winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sighting:
1. Observer's account of weather conditions: Broken Clouds - slight breeze
2. Winds (from Weather Bureau) Furnished by Weather Office, RAS Glenview, Ill.
Surface 15, Degrees 270, 10 Knots
1,000 19,000 270, 10 Knots
4,000 30,000 320, 25 Knots
10,000 50,000 330, Moderate
3. Ceiling 30,024 ft. Altometer 29.92 Barometer 30.00" Obs. 2300Z. Partial Obscuration 8/10, Broken
a. Antimony to clear NW, to overhead in 10-15 min, to SE in 10-15 min. Alt. 10 Alto Cumulus
b. V Wind Increase 15/15 to 20/20
c. Visibility good throughout 
d. Vertical Temp Gradient +.1 deg/100ft 1,000' to 13,000' + .5 deg/100ft 13,000' to 25,000'

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

INITIALS EEK

COMMENT: To this reporter, this young man seemed to notice nothing unusual although he appeared nervous and not sure to the way he saw this object. I 
felt this young man may have been frightening a star or satellite.

JOSEPH K. HOSSFELD/Civilian 
Investigator Observations Dispatcher

2 attachments:
1 copy of letter from LARRY VERDEROSA
2 additional remarks from HQ USAF DIRECTOR WEATHER OFFICE

- page 8 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn diagram or sketch, but no photograph. The text in the image is as follows:

UFO OVER TINLEY PARK 8-7-'65

Col. B. M.D o get sighted in the constellation 
of object.  to 3:30 a.m. 
40 to 60 ft. size 

angle low the south west
in duality to the moon
can you this increasing semi
rapidity moving

Please send some information 
about of our form a concise report.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a handwritten document. I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document.

85 MTB - 900 +17 °C
70 MTB - 100 +4 °C
50 MTB - 100 -10 °C
30 MTB - 300 -41 °C
20 MTB - 400 -55 °C

Freezing level 130

STAR INDEX +.3
JET STREAM Northern California E 5C
JET STREAM and Gulf +06C
OVER-EXTREME VARIATIONS MOVEMENT AND GROWTH
JET STREAM ALTITUDE REACH DESIGN

ATTACHMENT #2

- page 10 -

