Here is the text I can read from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

[Most fields are partially filled out or illegible, but I can make out:]

1. DATE • TIME GROUP: 9/20/63

2. LOCATION: [partially illegible]

8. PHOTOS: ☐ Yes ☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: ☐ Yes ☒ No

At the bottom of the form it says:
FORM
FTD SEP 64 0-329 (TDE)

The rest of the text in the "BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS" section is too blurry/illegible to confidently transcribe.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes     No     Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes     No     Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound
    b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with an arrow indicating movement direction is present on the page]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes    No
    IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes    No
    IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car
    c. Outdoors
    d. In an airplane (type)
    e. At sea
    f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In open countryside?
    d. Near an airfield?
    e. Flying over a city?
    f. Flying over open country?
    g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    a. What direction were you moving? (Circle One)   a. South    b. West
    b. North    c. East     d. Southeast    e. Southwest    f. Northwest
    c. How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

25. Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No    g. Binoculars   Yes   No
    b. Sun glasses  Yes   No    f. Telescope    Yes   No
    c. Windshield   Yes   No    g. Theodolite   Yes   No
    d. Window glass Yes   No    h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last section appears to have some handwritten text, but it is not clearly legible]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
    Last Name                First Name            Middle Name
    Address                  City                  Zone    State
    Telephone Number                               Age            Sex

    Add here any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    Day             Month             Year

Note: Personal information fields are blacked out/redacted.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    02    12    1965
    Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 6 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 7/1/1962
2. LOCATION: Kanopolis, Nevada (5)
3. SOURCE: [Partially illegible]
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Three
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15-20 min
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (GV)
7. COURSE: NE 3-5
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Probably attributed to illusion/atmospheric conditions

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
1. The first object appeared as a dot in the sky, possibly a satellite, traveling from horizon to horizon.
2. The second object moved to the NE at a faster rate of speed.
3. The third object seemed to be very similar to the second object.

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 7 -

24 November 1965

Mrs Hunt/sw/SAFOI/CC/72342/24 Nov 65

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This is in reply to your letter regarding aerial objects which you observed on the night of 27 September 1965.

Your report is similar to the many satellite reports we have received. The light from satellite is caused by a reflection from the sun. The satellite will disappear when it passes into the earth's shadow. Since there are many satellites in orbit, no attempt was made to identify the specific ones you saw.

For your information, I am enclosing the Star Catalog list of visible satellites and a copy of the "TRW Space Log". I am also enclosing a copy of the report on Project Blue Book, the Air Force UFO project.

I hope this information will be of interest to you.

Sincerely,

[Signature of an official]
Chief, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Enclosures:
1. Atch
2. Blue Book Report
3. Satellite List
4. TRW Space Log

[Location: Kampala, Uganda]

[Bottom of page contains a table with coordinates and various codes, partially cut off]


- page 8 -

TDEV/UFO                                                                                NOV 12 1965
UFO Sighting, 27 Sep 65

Hq USAF SAFDICC (Mrs Hunt)

Reference the attached letter from [redacted]. It is suggested that a fact sheet, the attached "TRW Space Log" number 1055, and the Star Catalog list of visible satellites dated 22 May 65, be forwarded with your reply. The objects observed on the night of 27 September 65 and his father are similar to many satellite reports which we have received. Due to the many satellites in orbit, no attempt was made to identify a specific on/off. The light observed from these objects has as its source reflected sunlight. A satellite will disappear when it passes into the Earth's shadow. Therefore, it is probable that his father's explanation for the disappearance of the second satellite is correct.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC/J de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF    1. Atch
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems   2. TRW Space Log
                                       3. Star Catalog List
                                       4. Ltr Daniel Jacquie

ORIGINATOR
TDEV/UFO    Maj H Quintanilla, Jr.     DATED

TDEV en miss R. Rpt. 13 Sep 65


- page 9 -

United States Air Force
U.S.C. Project
Washington, D.C.

October 1, 1959

Dear Sirs:

I am twelve years old living in England, and though I have always been interested in flying things, this is the first time I am writing about some "things" that some other people have seen a few miles away.

On last Monday the twenty-seventh of September, I saw about 3 or 4 objects. The sky was very clear and weather generally quite nice. My sister, mother, and some other civilians outside talking.

The first of these objects was at about 8:15. It was quite a small object, say about 30 feet across, traveling on a magnetic course of 330 to 350. There was nothing unusual about it from any other satellites I've seen, and it may have been well done.

The second object followed a course exactly opposite of the first one, 330 to 350. It was quite bright, no British or American flag visible in the sky. At about 5:20, and in two minutes it traversed at least half of the sky visibly moving back and forth then 140 path. When we looked at it through binoculars, we were still quite puzzled. As a possible explanation, we have a very like protuberance, which surprisingly enough didn't appear to rotate with the main body of it. Some writing (for correction) seemed to be transmitted on a Horizontal Plane, rather than in all its dimensions. As I watched it, it seemed to fade out in brightness as it approached its far horizon. However, my first impression and comparison of this was quite unlike a light-bulb, i.e. Tungstall seems to remember it fading out like a light bulb.

The third object had most of the same characteristics of the second object, except it followed a course of about 10 to 20 west. The same shape, rotation, etc. remained the same as the second. Though, we couldn't say whether it was in the same plane or not in respect to the other two objects.

I might tell you about it, that we can remember about the three objects, and I hope it is enough for you to draw some such reasonable conclusion.


- page 10 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

keep our eyes shut and write mail i we would be wondering about the mail if we were all in the same
matter and in the same room. we all know that if you don't know what to say, you can always write
hell. we in writing about the way we like to know what we are all
very interested and curious about them. we will be so glad to hear
something if you have any information about it. we are all in the
that you could send us.

There is a black redaction bar in the middle of the document, and the text appears to be slightly blurry or faded. Some words may be slightly misread due to the image quality.


- page 11 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 3600 TECHNICAL WING (ATC)
LAREDO AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS 78041

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DCO-OP                                                                   20 Sep 65
SUBJECT: UFO

TO: AFSC (FTD)

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2 and our conversation of 7 September, the enclosed reports are for your information and action where appropriate.

2. Our analysis here, of these and other similar reports so forwarded indicates that these are thought to be observations of natural or known phenomena such as celestial bodies, stars, planets, etc: satellites or aircraft

3. Reports which we receive which indicate observations of an unusual or otherwise unknown nature will be so treated and forwarded as per basic regulation by expeditious means.

4. Our offices will continue to process each report as objectively as possible and any information or further instructions from your office we will be glad to entertain.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JOHN F. BLUMER, Major, USAF
Chief, Operations Plans Branch                                                    10 Atch
                                                                                  UFO Reports


- page 12 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 3640TH PILOT TRAINING WING (ATC)
LAREDO AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS 78041

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DCO-OP                                                                  17 Sep 65
SUBJECT: UFO

TO:    AFSC (FTD)

The following UFO report is submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2:

a. Description of Object(s):
   (1) Shape: Round
   (2) Size: of a dime
   (3) Color: white, reflective
   (4) Number: one
   (5) Formation: none
   (6) Any discernible features or details: none
   (7) Tail, trail, or exhaust: none
   (8) Sound: none
   (9) Other pertinent or unusual features: None

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
   (1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
   looked up.

   (2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed:
   overhead


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: still visible at time of report

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): stops and starts.

(5) How did the object(s) disappear? still visible at time of report.

(6) How long (were) the object(s) visible? 30 minutes

c. Manner of observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic: None

(2) Statement as to optical aids, used and description thereof: Visual and binoculars

(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed and home station: none

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting: 0001Z/06 Sep
(2) Light conditions: Day

e. Location of Observer: (Latitude and longitude, and/or geographical position) NHN 3543 Corpus Christi, Texas

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian - Name Mr [redacted]
Age
Mailing address Christi, Texas
Occupation
Estimate of reliability unknown

2


- page 14 -

(2) Military - Name
Grade
Organization
Duty
Estimate of reliability

g. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions At Time and Place of Sightings:
(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions:

(2) Report from nearest AWS or U. S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at: 2500 scattered.

Surface
6,000'
10,000'
16,000'
20,000'
30,000'
50,000'
80,000'

(3) Ceiling: high scattered

(4) Visibility: 15 miles

(5) Amount of cloud cover:

(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located:

(7) Vertical temperature gradient:

h. Any other unusual activity or condition: none

i. Interception or identification action taken: none

j. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting: No traffic in area from Corpus Christi.

3


- page 15 -

k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including preliminary analysis of the possible cause of sighting(s):
E-5 V. N. Farinelli, Corpus Christi Naval Air Station forwarded report to
2 Lt Gary W. Pence, Officer of the Day, Laredo AFB, Texas.

1. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:
Person will try to take some photos with A 620 camera, will send to Laredo.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JOHN F. BLUMER, Major, USAF
Chief, Operations Plans Branch

4


- page 16 -

FPD (TDEN)
Wright-Patterson, Ohio 45433
1 Nov 65

Corpus Christi, Texas

Dear Mrs:

Your report of an unidentified flying object which you submitted to the Naval Air Station, Corpus Christi, Texas, has been forwarded to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base for evaluation. The data submitted was incomplete. It is requested that you complete the attached Form 164 and return it to our office in the envelope provided as soon as possible.

Sincerely,

HECTOR MILITELLO, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 17 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
5   9   1965
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
            b. Central
            c. Mountain
            d. Pacific
            e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. [Location details are blacked out]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours   Minutes   Seconds
3 minutes   30 min   [partially illegible]

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
[Text is illegible]

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 19 -

