Here is the OCR text from the document:

Dear

In regard to the recent Charles incident, we were once again in the Forestville area checking on this mysterious flying object which has been causing quite a stir in the community.

This town is in the center of some interesting incidents - consisting of air-filming - x-casing instruments etc. Still in a radius of some five miles were many reports of flying objects. At the outset, there has been many reports of flying objects which were thought to be various - may were called from Hartford with the Plainville Police investigated and found to be soon over.

Plainville Connecticut Police were not very much interested in this case. One of the witnesses came to our office giving a long time - but rather detailed account of what he saw. He described a glittering red ball almost like a glowing red ball almost like a fire-ember which hung in the air - then fell to earth in the night of the power failure at about 5:30 PM. Along with friends, said this object high up in the sky. A red ball which moved around erratic or suddenly - leaped from one spot to another - which was bright at times.

From a city of which was bright at times. From a city of Hartford who was very much interested in this Subterfuge of an area where some 5-6 persons from various locations were watching.

[FOOTER appears to be blacked out]


- page 1 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Just a strong that the power failure might happening along the Sea Coast? We have little Wade type

Forestville
Conn
0201

The bottom text appears to be partially illegible or cut off.


- page 2 -

Mrs. Hunt/man/SAFOICC/T1128/7 Dec 65

Dear Mrs.

This is in reply to your letter to the Secretary of Defense regarding an observation of flares in connection with the recent power failure in the Northeast.

The next time you make such an observation, it is suggested you make a report to Bradley Field, Windsor Locks, Connecticut. Personnel there would, in all probability, be able to tell you where the flares are coming from.

There is no correlation between the recent power failure and unidentified flying objects.

Sincerely,

JOHN F. SPAULDING
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Mrs.
Forestville, Connecticut 06011

[A table at the bottom of the document appears to be mostly blank]

At bottom of document are filing/routing notations:
Coord cy - SAFOI-2
Combok cy - SAFOI-2
Reader cy - SAFOI-1
Activity cy - SAFOI-2
Styback


- page 3 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDSW/UFO                                                 DEC 2 1965
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs Hunt)

    She has written to Defense Secretary McNamara for information as to the source or sources who have been dropping flares in her area. It is suggested that site contact Bradley Field in Windsor Lock, Connecticut, the next time she makes a similar observation. Bradley Field would, in all probability, be able to tell her which organization is dropping the flares.

    The recent power failure in the Northeast was not caused by flying saucers nor was it associated with known sabotage.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems    1 Atch
                                        ltr

[Bottom of page has an atomic/nuclear symbol and text reading "YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!"]


- page 4 -

