The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, specifically record 10073.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 September 65 / 03/07/52
2. LOCATION: Moraine, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the mid-20th century.

The text visible in the image is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a form that contains text fields to be filled out by the witness.

SCANNED TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
ADDRESS:
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
(Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
(Date)
(Name)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a sketch or diagram. The sketch depicts a compass with various compass directions labeled, as well as a curved line that appears to represent the horizon.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown: Place on the curve the line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a 'B' on the compass where you first saw the object.

23. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Was there a trail or smoke, and how did the object or objects move in flight during the sighting?

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and use an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and response options.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In an open country?
d. In your own backyard?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Camera Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The image shows a questionnaire or form with questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to get some idea of the object's size. How long in inches would a pencil held at arm's length have to be to equal the apparent diameter or length of the object? Add any information you can give to explain the object's size.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially any exhaust trails or vapor trails.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form that an observer would fill out to report their observations.

a. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
a.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Brighter than usual
b. Dimmer than usual 
c. Flashing
d. Many
e. Don't remember

a.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Full
b. Crescent 
c. Half
d. Dull moonlight
e. No moonlight -- pitch dark
f. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent or translucent
c. Fuzzy or blurred
d. At a light

11. IF IT APPEARED A LIGHT, WAS IT A STEADY OR BLINKING STAR? (Circle One):
a. Steady
b. Blinking at regular intervals
c. Blinking at irregular intervals
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:
____________________________________

12. THE SIZE OF THE OBJECT WAS (Circle One):
a. Larger or broader than
b. Smaller or thinner than 
c. About the same as
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT (Circle One for each question):
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Chase up into the sky or rise rapidly? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change color? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash on and off? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report, likely related to the Project Blue Book investigation of UFO sightings.

The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

Information concerning this report has been provided so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible in answering the questions asked herein. The information obtained will be used in analyzing the reported unidentified object phenomenon. We request that you furnish this personal information as accurately as you can. The answers will be treated as confidential.

1. When did you see the object?

2. Time of day:

(Circle one)	A.M. or P.M.

3. Location:
(Circle one) A. Daytime B. Nighttime

4. How long did you observe the object?

5. What was the size of the object?

6. What was the color of the object?

7. If the object was in motion, what was the direction of travel?
North	South	East	West

8. How fast was the object traveling? Slow	Medium	Fast

9. Did the object make any noise? Yes	No
If yes, describe

10. Did the object have any lights? Yes	No
If yes, describe

11. If the object was sighted more than once, give the date, time, and location of each sighting.

12. Give any other details that you feel may be helpful in identifying the object.

- page 8 -

