PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 October 65

2. LOCATION: Snow Hill, Maryland (Fire Dept. on Ext. 364)
             Eastern United States

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: N/A

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: Landed

8. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes [X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [X] No

10. CONCLUSION: BALLOON
    Balloon was identified by NASA Operations, Wallops Island Station, Va.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
    The object was observed over the Eastern States by many observers. A direct report of the balloon observation was not made to the USAF. Only reports traced via radio and newspapers only. On 21 Oct 65 a call from Dover AFB, that the object landed in a field behind a hatchery. The object, resembled aluminum but was pale silver with five valves. Four of these appeared designed to inflate it. Balloon was identified by Wallops Island Station, Va.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

October 26, 1965

The Langley Research Center is conducting a research project with experimental balloons at Wallops. The manufacturer of these balloons is the G. T. Schjetdahl Company, Northfield, Minn. A series of six of these balloons are being launched in the current tests.

The balloon is shaped like a blimp 13.7 to 16.5 feet long and about 4 feet in diameter. It has 3 fins off the tail which are also inflated. It is made of metalized mylar plastic.

One was launched October 19, two were launched October 20, one on October 25, and the other two in the series may be launched today.

One of these balloons launched last week landed inland about 25 miles (air miles) from Wallops Island and generated a flurry of public interest.

The Air Force UFO Information Office at the Pentagon called this morning and they had been interrogated about a balloon which struck a power line in Bero Beach, Florida, and exploded. They wondered if it might have been launched at Wallops. The project people said it was most unlikely that any balloon launched at Wallops would drift that far, but not impossible. They also felt that the Bero Beach balloon was probably one Gemini 6 mission. The Schjetdahl Company representative said they have supplied about 1500 2-meter metalized mylar plastic balloons to Huntsville for launch at the Cape, and the Bero Beach balloon may have been one of these. However, the Air Force UFO Office said they understood the Bero Beach balloon was shaped like a light bulb.

The project people here feel that persons finding balloons should, if they want to find out where they came from, write the company, giving the serial number and the Design Release Number on the balloon.


- page 2 -

October 26, 1965

The Langley Research Center is conducting a research project with experimental balloons at Wallops. The manufacturer of these balloons is the G. T. Schieldahl Company, Northfield, Minn. A series of six of these balloons are being launched in the current tests.

The balloon is shaped like a blimp 13.7 to 16.5 feet long and about 4 feet in diameter. It has 3 fins of the tail which are also inflated. It is made of metalized mylar plastic.

One was launched October 19, two were launched October 20, one on October 23, and the other two in the series may be launched today.

One of these balloons launched last week landed inland about 25 miles (air miles) from Wallops Island and generated a flurry of public interest.

The Air Force UFO Information Office at the Pentagon called this morning and they had been interrogated about a balloon which struck a power line in Zero Beach, Florida, and exploded. They wondered if it might have been launched at Wallops. The project people said it was most unlikely that any balloon launched at Wallops would drift that far, but not impossible. They also felt the Zero Beach balloon was probably one launched at the Cape in connection with the Gemini 6 mission. The Schieldahl Company representative said they have supplied about 1500 2-meter metalized mylar plastic balloons to Huntsville for launch at the Cape, and the Zero Beach balloon may have been one of these. However, the Air Force UFO Office said they understood the Zero Beach balloon was shaped like a light bulb.

The project people here feel that persons finding balloons should, if they want to find out where they came from, write the company, giving the serial number and the Design Release Number on the balloon.


- page 3 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

BALLOON:

1. Wallops Island, NASA, is conducting a series of tests, using blimp-like balloons in an experimental project. Balloons are manufactured by the G.T. Schejdahl Co (Schell-dahl) of Northfield, Minnesota. The balloons are blimp shaped, 13.7 to 16.5 feet long, four inches in diameter, metalized mylar plastic, and the balloon has 3 inflated fins off the tail. Balloon can drift for several hundred miles, depending on winds. Balloons have serial numbers, and DR-Design Release Numbers.

2. The G.T. Schejdahl Co also manufactures another type balloon. This balloon is approximately two meters in diameter(sphere), megalized mylar plastic, and has 3" high projection horns, spikes, reflectors for radar tracking. Used to measure wind velocity before a launch. Have supplied 1500 of these balloons to the Marshall Space Center.


- page 4 -

HEADQUARTERS
1607TH AIR TRANSPORT WING (MATS)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, DELAWARE, 19901

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ODOTI

SUBJECT: UFO Recovered at Dover AFB, Delaware                    27 October 1965

TO:   FTD (TDEW) (UFO)

1.   Reference Telecon between Sgt Moody and MSgt Fernandez on 25 October 1965 in which FTD requested further information on the identification and return of balloon to NASA.

2.   After notifying FTD (UFO) on 21 October 1965 that the object would be sent to them for identification, we received a phone call from Mr. Robert Ladd, Washington representative of the G.T. Schelgahl Co. of Northfield, Minn. From our description, Mr. Ladd identified the object as a test balloon manufactured by the Schjelgahl Co. He requested we retain the balloon until Mr. Kenneth Witt, company engineer, arrived to make positive identification.

3.   On 22 October we received a call from Mr. Bob Long of NASA Operations, Wallops Island Station, Va. Mr. Long heard of the balloon through the news media and stated NASA had launched similar ones manufactured by the Schjelgahl Co. He said a check of the winds for 20 October indicated the balloon could possibly be one launched by NASA from Wallops Island. We informed Mr. Long that a representative from the Washington Office of the Schjelgahl Co. was coming to Dover to identify the balloon, he suggested we have Mr. Witt call him when he arrives. Mr. Witt arrived at Dover on the 22nd of October and positively identified the balloon as one manufactured by the Schjelgahl Co. He called Mr. Long at NASA Operations, Wallops Island Station, Va. and coordinated the return of the balloon which was to be delivered to NASA on Monday or Tuesday of the following week.

4.   Further information on the return and ownership of the balloon can be obtained by calling Mr. Bob Long at NASA, Wallops Island Station, Va. (703 (824-3411 ext 2354).

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
CHARLES R. GANT
Major, USAF
Chief of Airlift Training

3 atch
Press Releases on UFO


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

State New, Dover, Del., Monday, October 25, 1965

Martian Saucer?

AFB Officials Claim
Unidentified Object

An unidentified inflatable-like object claimed by Dover Air Force Base officials from a base in Seaford, Del., Thursday will be sent to Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, for investigation.

The object was sighted Wednesday in a field between Snow Hill and George Hopkins of Snow Hill. The object is 12 to 14 feet long and has a wingspan of 10 feet.

The only marking is SW which doesn't know what it is, but suggestions made include a spooky large or service type of training radar operation.

Dover Base information officers said it appears to be some type of test vehicle. When identified, a made with Peterson officials, the information will be released, he said.

National Aeronautics and Space Agency Installation at Wallops Island, Va., both say it doesn't belong to them.

Two men from Dover AFB claimed the object yesterday. The Office of Safety at the base said he was "not sure of" the object's origin. He said it was "some kind of low cargo, I'm not sure what."


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Morning News, Wilmington, Del.
16 -- Fri., Oct. 22, 1965

Strange object called balloon

Md. mystery deflated

SNOW HILL, Md. -- The object which fell from the sky behind a snow hill, Wednesday afternoon may be a weather balloon, a spokesman for the manufacturer said last night.

Robert Ladd, manager of the Washington office of the U.T. Seydlah Co. of Northfield, Minn., said he heard his theory on a description of the find-an inflatable, winged object 12 to 14 feet long, with a wingspan of 10 feet. Ladd said he would begin an investigation at once.

MRS. Grace Hopkins, owner of the hatchery, said the object landed in a field behind the hatchery building. The only marking were SN and the name of the company.

It was equipped with six valves, Mrs. Hopkins said. Four of these appeared designed to inflate it.

Mrs. Hopkins said heat applied automatically to case the thing to expand and when it was carried into the hatchery office it quickly floated to the ceiling.

A team from the Dover Air Force Base picked up the object and returned it to the base. A base spokesman said it will be taken to Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio for positive identification.

Representatives of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration at Wallops Island, Va., said it did not originate there.

Seydlah was the firm that produced the Echo 1 satellite which put a brilliant trail through the skies in 1960.

LADD said Seydlah balloons are used in tests at Wallops Island and also are used by the Army in tests in the Washington, Virginia area.

"It's entirely possible one of them got loose," Ladd said. "Balloons of various types are flying around the country all the time in various test projects."

Ladd said many of the balloons are made of aluminum or plastic.

MRS. HOPKINS said the object resembled aluminum. Throughout Wednesday afternoon and night, scores of persons flocked to the scene to view the object before it was removed. Mrs. Hopkins said more theories were expressed about its origin and use, the most prevalent being that it was a primary target or a device for training radar operators.


- page 7 -

HEADQUARTERS
1607TH AIR TRANSPORT WING (MATS)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, DELAWARE, 1960

OICCT

UFO Discovered at Dover AFB, Delaware                                27 October 1965

FTD (TECH) (UFO)

1. Reference Telecon between Sgt Moody and MSgt Parmater on 25 October 1965 in which FTD requested further information on the identification and return of balloon NASA

2. After notifying FTD (UFO) on 21 October 1965 that the object would be sent to them for identification, we received a phone call from Mr. Robert Ladd, Washington representative of the G.R. Schjeldahl Co. of Portland. Mr. Ladd identified the object as a test balloon manufactured by the Schjeldahl Co. He requested we retain the balloon until Mr. Kenneth Witt, company engineer, arrived to make positive identification.

3. On 22 October we received a call from Mr. Bob Long of NASA Operations, Wallops Island Station, Va. Mr. Long heard of the balloon through the news media and stated NASA had launched similar balloons once manufactured by the Schjeldahl Co. He said a check of the winds for 20 October indicated the we informed Mr. Long that a representative from the Schjeldahl Co. was coming to Dover to identify the balloon. When the Washington office of the news Mr. Witt call him when he arrives. Mr. Witt arrived at Dover on the 22nd of October and positively identified the balloon as one manufactured by the Schjeldahl Co. for NASA. He called Mr. Long at NASA Wallops Island Station, Va. and coordinated the return of the balloon which was to be delivered to NASA on Monday or Tuesday of the following week.

4. Further information on the return and ownership of the balloon can be obtained by calling Mr. Bob Long at NASA, Wallops Island Station, Va. phone 703 (824-3411 ext 2354).

FOR THE COMMANDER

CHARLES R. GANT
Major, USAF
Chief of Airlift Training

3 atch
Press Release on UFO


- page 8 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

BALLOON:

1. Wallops Island, NASA, is conducting a series of tests, using blimp-like balloons in an experimental project. Balloons are manufactured by the G.T. Schejeldahl Co (Schell-dahl) of Northfield, Minnesota. The balloons are blimp shaped, 13.7 to 16.5 feet long, four inches in diameter, metalized mylar plastic, and the balloon has 3 inflated fins off the tail. Balloon can drift for several hundred miles, depending on winds. Balloons have serial numbers, and DR Design Release Numbers.

2. The G.T. Schejeldahl Co also manufactures another type balloon. This balloon is approximately two meters in diameter(sphere), megalized mylar plastic, and has 3" high projection horns, spikes, reflectors for radar tracking. Used to measure wind velocity before a launch. Have supplied 1500 of these balloons to the Marshall Space Center.


- page 9 -

