PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 19 October 65 19/203Z
2. LOCATION: Vero Beach, Florida

3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: East

8. PHOTOS: [X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [X] Yes

10. CONCLUSION: BALLOON

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object was described as a large silver lightbulb-shaped balloon. Disappearance was made by exploding. Fragments and valve were picked up by power company men who had been alarmed. Couldn't understand why there was a power shortage. Fragments of the balloon had landed on the wires.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
    Splendid

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: (Almost illegible text)
    b. Color: (Almost illegible text)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
    (Partially illegible text, appears to describe size relative to match head)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
    (A simple sketch is present, but details are not clear)


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   [handwritten: pretty regular]

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   [handwritten notes]

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [partially illegible handwritten response]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 25 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten response at bottom of page, partially illegible]


- page 3 -

Page 6

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at this point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of its path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[Handwritten response appears to be "yes"]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[This section is redacted/blacked out]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
[Personal information is blacked out]

ADDRESS
[Address details are blacked out]

TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE 18     SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
[Appears to have a handwritten word, possibly "Attended"]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially filled out, appears to say "Safe loc" and something else partially visible]


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:                 65
                                                Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the text is handwritten and partially illegible. Some words can be made out, but a complete transcription would require guesswork. The handwritten section appears to be a detailed description of some event or observation, with some words clearly visible and others obscured or blurred.]

The bottom of the page has some blacked-out sections, likely redacting personal information.


- page 6 -

I stuck this day
glass - re this follow
it of - near back re

Note: The text appears to be handwritten and somewhat difficult to read with complete certainty. The transcription above is my best interpretation of the visible text.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

DEC - 8 1965

Mrs. Hunt/man/SAFCICC/7(128)/7 Dec 65

Dear Mrs.

The balloon which was recovered near Vero Beach, Florida, was manufactured by the G. Schieldahl Company, Northfield, Minnesota. This particular balloon was probably launched from Cape Kennedy in preparation for the Gemini 5 launch.

The Schieldahl Company has supplied approximately 1500 of these metallized mylar plastic balloons to the Marshall Space Flight Center at Huntsville, Alabama, for Cape Kennedy. They are meteorological balloons which collect data on temperature, pressure, and density of the atmosphere prior to a launch. Balloons of this type are launched as frequently as every 5 minutes during the last hour of the countdown. Most of these balloons probably end up over the water due to prevailing winds.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Vero Beach, Florida


- page 8 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

TDBW/UFO                                                 DEC 2 1965

SUBJECT: Balloon, Vero Beach

TO: Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs Hunt)

Reference the balloon which was recovered at Vero Beach, Florida.
It can be stated that the balloon was manufactured by the G T
Schjeldahl Company, Northfield, Minnesota. This particular balloon
was probably launched from Cape Kennedy just prior to the Gemini 6
mission. The Schjeldahl Company has supplied approximately 1,500
of these metallic mylar balloons to the Marshall Space Center for
launch at the Cape. These are meteorological balloons which collect
information on temperature, pressure, and density of the atmosphere
prior to a launch. At times, some of these balloons are launched
as frequently as every five minutes during the last hour of the count-
down in order to obtain data on wind direction and velocity. Most
of these balloons would probably end up over the water due to the
prevailing winds.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

"YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!"


- page 9 -

The News Tribune
Fort Pierce, Florida

Nov. 24, 1965

[Redacted]
Washington, D.C.

Dear [Redacted]:

Got my aluminum "light Bulb" back from Wright-Patterson Air Base, but no explanation of whose, from whence, whither headed, or why.

Not to mention what it is.

May I expect a report on same from your office?

Very sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

Clipping enclosed


- page 10 -

MISS SARA HUNT
Community Relations
54501
Pentagon,
Washington, D. C.

There is also a postmark stamp in the upper right corner that reads:
VET TO BE NOV 9
1965
PM
FLA.


- page 11 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

BALLOON:

1. Wallops Island, NASA, is conducting a series of tests, using blimp-like balloons in an experimental project. Balloons are manufactured by the G.T. Schjeldahl Co (Schell-dahl) of Northfield, Minnesota. The balloons are blimp shaped, 13.7 to 16.5 feet long, four inches in diameter, metalized mylar plastic, and the balloon has 3 inflated fins off the tail. Balloon can drift for several hundred miles, depending on winds. Balloons have serial numbers, and DR-Design Release Numbers.

2. The G.T. Schjeldahl Co also manufactures another type balloon. This balloon is approximately two meters in diameter(sphere), metalized mylar plastic, and has 3" high projection horns, spikes, reflectors for radar tracking. Used to measure wind velocity before a launch. Have supplied 1500 of these balloons to the Marshall Space Center.


- page 12 -

October 26, 1965

The Langley Research Center is conducting a research project with experimental balloons at Wallops. The manufacturer of these balloons is the G. T. Schjeldahl Company, Northfield, Minn. A series of six of these balloons are being launched in the current tests.

The balloon is shaped like a blimp 13.7 to 16.5 feet long about 4 feet in diameter. It has 3 fins off the tail which are also inflated. It is made of metalized mylar plastic.

One was launched October 19, two were launched October 20, and the other two in the series may be launched today.

One of these balloons launched last week landed inland about 25 miles (air miles) from Wallops Island and generated a flurry of public interest.

The Air Force UFO Information Office at the Pentagon called this morning and they had been interrogated about a balloon which struck a power line in Bero Beach, Florida, and exploded. They pondered if it might have been launched at Wallops. The project people said it was most unlikely that any balloon launched at Wallops would drift that far, but not impossible. They also felt that the Bero Beach balloon was probably one launched at the Cape in connection with the Gemini 6 mission. The Schjeldahl Company representative said they have supplied about 1500 2-meter metalized mylar plastic balloons to Huntsville for launch at the Cape, and the Bero Beach balloon may have been one of these. However, the Air Force UFO Office said they understood the Bero Beach balloon was shaped like a light bulb.

The project people here feel that persons finding balloons could, if they want to find out where they came from, write the company, giving the serial number and the Design Release number on the balloon.


- page 13 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
19 28 Oct. 65
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of Day:
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted]
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours    Minutes    Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right     f. Don't remember


- page 14 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

a. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know

Page 2.


- page 15 -

