The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that provides details about a UFO sighting.

OCR Text Output:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
27 February 65 28/02/15

3. SOURCE 
Military

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 Sec Obj, 30 Min Trail

7. COURSE
Upward NE likely

8. PHOTOS
None

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
(X) Yes
() No

FORM
FTD DIP 23 0-329 (TDE)

2. LOCATION
Ft Benning, Georgia

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical - (T-1209) SATELLITE DECAY

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observed a light object which reached an intensity slightly greater than the brightest star in the sky. The light was visible at that time. Believed to be 3-5 miles above the horizon, and 10% of the Equatorial diameter. The duration of the trail was 30 minutes while the object itself was observed for 30 seconds. The trail appeared to stream upward (might be trailing visible for 30). 

DETAILS: Four portions of Canon 57 break-up centered during this period. However this object reportedly turned out to be a satellite already evaluated as a re-entering meteorite or Satellite Decay, and the unusual feature of trail is not otherwise identified.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be an official document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is titled "UFO Observation, 27 Feb 65, Captain Mosley" and provides details about an observation made on that date.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY
TDEW/Maj H Quintanilla, Jr/69216
UFO Observation, 27 Feb 65, Captain Mosley 1 Apr 65

WROB
Robins AFB, Georgia

1. We have received a report from AJAOC, Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff, Intelligence, 17 Mar 65, regarding an observation by Captain Mosley on 27 February 1965.

2. This observation was either a meteor or a portion of a satellite re-entry. According to SPADES, the initial observation was to the southwest and the object was moving towards the northeast. This motion can be interpreted as being to the northeast following the curvature of the earth.

3. Observations of this nature are desired not only by the United States Air Force but also by NASA and the President of the American Meteorological Society. If the observation is considered to be a meteor it should be reported to the American Meteor Society. If the observation is doubtful with, or has characteristics of, a satellite re-entry, it should be reported to Aerial Phenomena Branch (TDEW), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433.

FOR THE COMMANDER
ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter on official stationery.

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

FTD (TDEV)
wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
1 April 1965

Dr. Charles P Olivier
American Meteor Society
3126 Northwestern Avenue
Narberth, Pennsylvania

Dear Dr Olivier,

We have received a report of a sighting of a satellite or an unidentified flying object on 25 March 1965 at approximately 2325 hours, mountain standard time, Virginia with the following details:

When he saw a white light, which began to grow until it reached an intensity slightly brighter than the brightest star. Its size was slightly larger than the largest visible star. It was located in a stationary position and seemed to be revolving. After it reached its brightest, the object began to move upward emitting a trail of smoke which lasted for about thirty seconds, then the light went out. The smoke trail was about 300 mile long. The trail remained visible until destroyed by the wind.

This is all the information which we have regarding this particular observation. It is forwarded to you because of the unusual duration and the possibilities that this observation is associated with re-entry of space debris since four objects were observed to re-enter the atmosphere on 27 - 28 February 1965.

Sincerely,

ROBERT B. HIPPLE, JR.
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a scanned page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

The text from the document is:

HEADQUARTERS
ROBINS AIR FORCE BASE
United States Air Force
Robins Air Force Base, Georgia 31204

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: WRBB/5075

SUBJECT: Letter of Transmittal

TO: AFSC (FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. Attached report received from Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Headquarters, Third United States Army, is forwarded for your information.

2. This "Unidentified Flying Object" was sighted on the night of 27 February 1965 and not reported to Robins Air Force Base until the lapse of time between the sighting and the reporting of this sighting to this base for investigation, it does not appear feasible to conduct any further inquiry into this incident.

FOR THE COMMANDER

BERNARD H. FOWLE
Major, USAF
Chief, Security and Law Enforcement Division

1 Atch
Report

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

OFFICE OF THE DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF, INTELLIGENCE
17 MAR 1965
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object
TO: District Commander
OSI District 6
Robins AFB, GA.

The following incident was reported by Captain Howard R. Mosley, assigned to the Office of the District Commander, US Army Infantry Center, Fort Benning, Georgia, and is forwarded for your information:

"On 27 February 1965 at approximately 2315 hours Captain Mosley observed an unidentified flying object. He was at the Post Headquarters at the time, and the object was located in the northern sky, approximately 45 degrees above the horizon. The object appeared as a white light, round in shape, which began to increase in intensity and then suddenly extinguished itself. Its size was slightly larger than the largest visible star. It was located approximately 900 trail down toward the northwest and somewhat to the north of the observer. As the object approached the ground, it suddenly emitted a bluish-white glow and traveled about 10 miles in the span of about thirty (30) seconds, then the light went out. The smoke trail remained visible for about 30 minutes until dissipated by the wind. Another officer, who was nearby, also observed this object."

Request information as to whether your office is interested in receiving this type of report in the future.

GEORGE McCUTCHEN
Colonel, USAF
DCS, Intelligence

- page 5 -

