There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
9 Dec 65 09/29/55 Waterford, Pa.
3. SOURCE 10. CONCLUSION
Civilian Astro (MOON)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS Moon setting at 265 degrees.
One 11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Observer saw a white and orange light in the west.
10 Minutes Observer stated that the light could be the moon was
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION slowly going down to the north but this apparent motion was probably due
Ground - Visual to the motion of the automobile in which the observer was
7. COURSE riding. Observer stated that he thought it was the moon
Stationary but his conclusion said it wasn't.
8. PHOTOS 2 Witnesses
5 - Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
3 - Yes

FTO FORM
SEP 53 0-329 (TOE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form used for gathering information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 1, DEC. 65
2. Time of day: 6:33 Hour Minute (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Redacted] Nearest Postal Address City or Town [Redacted] State or Country PA
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Hours 20 Minutes Seconds a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? [Redacted]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: 1. Bright 2. Hazy 3. Cloudy b. NIGHT: 4. Clear 5. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains a form with various questions about a sighting, but there is no photograph present in this particular image.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One:)
a. None
b. Less than usual
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One:)
a. Bright moonlight
b. Full moonlight
c. Moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One:)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One:)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One:)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light - can't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One:)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
__________ __________ __________ __________

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One:)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharp
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Zig-zag, abrupt, or change direction?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Float or drift?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a series of questions about the observed object. 

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: moved slowly off to the East as a straight line at a 45 degree angle.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound
b. Color: bright white with a dark center

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1/4

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A simple sketch of an oval-shaped object with a line drawn away from it to indicate direction of movement.]

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2,000 รท m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? over a half mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 35 miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Theodolite Yes (No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you observed.

- page 5 -

The image appears to contain a diagram with a compass rose and instructions for observers to draw sketches and describe the motion and position of unidentified flying objects. However, there is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

Text extracted from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, possibly a UFO report form.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Text redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Text redacted] 
ADDRESS [Text redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Text redacted]
AGE 27 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Sep Monday, Dayton Ohio
Day Month Year

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, that includes handwritten text describing a sighting or observation.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:      Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
We observed the object at about 1:30 a.m. on December 6, 1965 in Waterford, Pennsylvania. The object was round shaped, glowing a deep orange color. It appeared to be hovering approximately 50 feet off the ground and was maybe 15-20 feet in diameter. We observed the object for approximately 10 minutes as it slowly moved across the sky going from the west to the east. The object then suddenly accelerated at a very high rate of speed and disappeared from sight. No sound was heard during the sighting. The night was clear and visibility was good. This was a definite unidentified flying object that we observed and could not be explained by any natural or man-made phenomenon.

- page 8 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Based on the text content, the key details are:

FTD (TDTC)
HEADQUARTERS USAF
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
20 February 1965

David Lewelind
Box 114
Columbus, Pennsylvania 

Reference your telephone conversation with Maj. David Moody regarding an observation of 9 December 1964. As per this date Form 157a forwarded to you have not been returned. In the event these forms have been lost or misplaced it am enclosing attached additional forms.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., CAPT, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 9 -

