The image does not contain a photograph, but rather it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. The document shows a form titled "PROJECT 10073 RECORD" that includes various fields for recording information about a UFO sighting, such as the date, location, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, and whether photos or physical evidence were obtained.

4 September 65 05/03/32
Ozone Park, New York
SATELLITE 1
One
Not Reported
Ground-Visual
NO
Yes
No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document or page from a file related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Mrs. Hunt/man/SAPOICC/72812/27 SEP 65
SEP 28 1965
Dear Mr. 
This is in reply to your request for information on your aerial observation of 4 September 1965.
The description, duration, and direction of flight are characteristic of satellite. On 4 September Echo II was traveling in an east to west direction at an average altitude of 700 miles. It would have been visible to the naked eye.
Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
Sincerely,
JOHN T. SPALDING
Community Relations Division
Office of Information 
USAF FORM 112
CONOICNAN • AP-CIFIE 
59G
COPY Rr SAPO I C C

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document regarding a UFO sighting in Ozone Park, New York on 4 September 1965.

The text in the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

TDEW
UFO Sighting: Ozone Park, New York, 4 Sep 65

TO: Hq USAF SAFOIT (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

Reference the attached letter from requesting information on his observation of 4 Sep 65. The description duration and direction of flight are in accord with a satellite echo. It the time given in his letter was actually when he observed the satellite echo. If this is not his observation, please inform the requester of this fact.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

- page 3 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely part of a Project Blue Book report.

Dear sir,

On the 22d part of August last year. I saw about 8:30 p.m. two objects in the sky which I could not identify. They appeared round and metallic in color and moved across the sky in a north to south direction. The first object crossed the sky in approximately 30 seconds and the second object followed approximately 1 minute later. They moved at a steady rate of speed and did not appear to be aircraft. I did not hear any sound from the objects.

I hope this information is of some use to you.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, with handwritten text on the upper portion of the page and a blacked-out section in the lower portion.

OCR Output:
[The handwritten text on the upper portion of the page has been blocked out and is not legible in the image.]

- page 5 -

