PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: September 1965 (20/00)

2. LOCATION: Hillsdale, Michigan (?)

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: [Partially illegible]

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: [Partially illegible]

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: [Illegible]

7. COURSE: [Illegible]

8. PHOTOS: Yes

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: [Partially illegible, appears to reference unidentified]

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: [Partially legible, text appears to describe some kind of observation but details are not fully clear]

Bottom of form notes: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

Mrs. Hunt/man/SAFOIC/728h2/27 Sep 65

Dear Miss

SEP 28 1965

This is in reply to your letter regarding an aerial object which you photographed on 1 September 1965. It is requested that the original negatives be forwarded to this office for analysis. Upon completion of the analysis, these negatives will be returned to you along with our evaluation.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Miss
Huntize, Michigan 49660

Record cy - SAFOI-2
Comcbt cy - SAFOI-2
Render cy - SAFOI-1
Activity cy - SAFOI-2
Spcyrk


- page 2 -

TDEW
UFO Sighting, 1 Sep 65, Manistee, Michigan

Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

Reference the attached letter from regarding
her unidentified observation of 1 Sep 65. Request that film be
obtained from her. Upon completion of analysis the original
negatives will be returned to her.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JOCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Ltr

ORIGINATOR:
TDEW/UFO Maj H Quintanilla, Jr

DATED


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Manistee, Michigan 49650
9 September 1965

U. S. Department of Defense
Pentagon Building
Washington 25, D. C.

Attn: U.F.O. Investigations

Gentlemen:

On 1 September 1965, I noticed something you may wish to investigate.
At 2030 hours, seven (7) miles south of Manistee, Michigan, I sighted
two (2) lights which appeared to be wing lights of an airplane. After
watching for a few seconds, it was obvious there was no sound. The
sky was very clear; there was no apparent wind. This was also
witnessed by my fiancee and parents.

When first sighted the two lights were traveling in a southeasterly
direction. While the lights were still clearly visible, they reversed
direction traveling into the northwest without any turns for banking.
During the southeasterly direction, rather than nearing the horizon
as they went further away, they elevated.

After reversing directions, instead of being side by side, the lights
were now above each other. The top light (both were white) also had a
red flashing light visible. When these lights were almost directly
overhead, there was still no sound. This was approximately five (5)
minutes after they were first sighted.

As we turned northward to continue our watch, another light appeared
from a southerly direction, accompanied by the sound associated with
a jet plane.

The third object also began traveling in a northwesterly direction
after the two lights. It appeared to be traveling at a great speed,
but did not overtake the two objects before they disappeared in the
distance over Lake Michigan.

A few seconds after the lights reversed direction, I ran in the house
for my camera. Regretfully only two frames were left in the film,
numbers 11 and 12. When the photo's were snapped, the two objects
were to the upper right of the moon. Perhaps the photo's would not
show an object so far away; however, if you feel this film could be
of interest, it will be available to you undeveloped.

Should you wish to contact me, my home phone number is Area [redacted]
My office number at Security National Bank is [redacted]

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Miss
Manistee, Michigan 49660

AIR MAIL

U. S. Department of Defense
Pentagon Building
ATTN: U.F.O. Investigations
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

AIR MAIL

(There is also a postmark stamp from Manistee, Michigan dated 1965 and a postage stamp)


- page 5 -

