Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
16 July 65 15/0500-1/0100

2. LOCATION
Greenville, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two to Three

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
-

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
1. PROBABLY SATELLITE (Class II)
The object in flight to SE is probably one of the known satellites which on Fyros 9, Saturn 9, or Cosmos 2. NORAD I & II are tracking.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Two objects like satellites. One in flight to SE close to ground sighting for 5 minutes.

FTD SEP 65 0-327 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusion, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
18     July     65
Day     Month     Year

2. Time of day?
(Circle One)    A.M.    or    P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One)    a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

(Circle One)    a. Daylight Saving
                b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted]    Greenville    Ohio
Nearest Postal Address                City or Town            State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    3    3    1
    Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    Clock

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)    a. In front of you    d. To your left
                b. In back of you     e. Overhead
                c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 63 164    This form supersedes FTD form 164, Jul 62, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

a. Hazy
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edge of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

a. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still or cry time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Slowly, up into space or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes 1-Sudden d'sappearance
2-Slow Fade

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
If moved behind: IF YOU ANSWERED YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Clsing vss
b. Color: Alrsdh with (burning) plygmsnts

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of this object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
entirely 6 c

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Note: The drawing area for question 19 is blank in this image.]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    (No)    but considerable height

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses        Yes    No        e. Binoculars        Yes    No
b. Sun glasses       Yes    No        f. Telescope         Yes    No
c. Windshield        Yes    No        g. Theodolite        Yes    No
d. Window glass      Yes    No        h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The response to question 26 is not clearly legible]


- page 5 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line when you last saw the object. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "C" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Yes, similar to Echo Satellite

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Greenville [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 29   SEX M

Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
[partially illegible text, appears to mention work and company]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[date fields are blank]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

24. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

25. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific parts of the Questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[Handwritten text appears to be partially illegible, but seems to include some numbers and text fragments]

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 8 -

