Here is the text from the document:

Nat'l Investigating Committee on Aerial Phenomena
(NICAP)
Washington D.C.
USA

The image appears to be an envelope or mailing document with a postage stamp featuring an American flag, and a postmark dated MAR 9 1966.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

NCDP MASSACHUSETTS INVESTIGATING SUBCOMMITTEE
13 Friend Court
Wenham, Massachusetts

SUBJECT: UFO Reports, N.E. Power Plant, Salem, Mass.

DATE: 15 March 1966

FROM: Raymond E. Fowler (Chairman)

TO: NICAP
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C.

CC: PROJECT BLUEBOOK
(minus ref. latter)

Enclosed is UFO Report No. 3 originating above the New England Power Plant, Salem, Massachusetts during 1965. This report recently came to light during a lecture I gave in Salem. Report No. 1 involved the daylight sighting of a minister's wife-shaped UFO on May 22, 1965 by a minister's wife, Mrs. Nellie B. Robinson and Report No. 2 involved the night sighting of a cigar-shaped UFO on October 26, 1965 by James Centorino.

This location was also the site of the well-known U.S. Coast Guard UFO sighting and subsequent photo which took place on July 16, 1952. I hope soon to take steps to alert people in this area to report UFO activity to one concerned immediately. Others are a number of residences near the power station.

Of particular interest is the enclosed letter from an apparent eye-witness of the July 16, 1952 UFO sighting who is a service representative of the West Byfleet Electrical Corporation. He was supervising the erection of a new turbine generator in the yard of the power plant when the bright objects appeared and several overheard. Additional details may be forthcoming. I am sorry that his letter is such a long time coming. It got waylaid among the many pieces of paper-work in my study.

Respectfully submitted,
Raymond E. Fowler
Field Investigator


- page 2 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
5201 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form indicates quest was made under the United States Air Force Project Blue Book. Detailed information is available for full evaluation by NICAP.

1. Name Francis C. Burnham         Place of Employment Essex, Mass.
   Address 26 Dearborn St.          Profession Contractor
   Salem, Mass.
   Telephone PI 4-6488              Special Training Electronic
                                     Military Service 3 yrs.

2. Date of Observation Nov. 15/65 on Sunday         Time about 7 pm        Time Zone EST

3. Locality of Observation Over New England Power Station Area

4. How long did you see the object?                Hours 2 minutes 30 seconds

5. Please describe weather conditions and sky type at time, i.e., bright daylight, overcast, clear, etc.   Night, LT. Pale

6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and in you.   NOT VISIBLE

7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible?   NOT

8. Were there more than one object?   No    If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of their path, indicating direction of movement, if any.

9. Please describe the object in detail. For instance, size (angular), color, brightness, shape, etc. Please use additional sheets if necessary.   Less only 2 points of light

10. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?   YES

11. If so, compare two brightness with the sun, moon, searchlights, etc.

12. Did the object(s) ---
    a. Appear to hover with or without erratic motion?   YES
    b. Appear to stand still with occasional energy at same level?   YES
    c. Move up into parts or explode?   NO
    d. Spin or tumble?   NO
    e. Leave any visible trail?   NO
    f. Change brightness?   YES
    g. Change shape?   NO
    h. Change color?   NO

13. [Lower portion of text is partially illegible]

14. Did you view the object(s) through an optical instrument? If so, what type, i.e., telescope, binoculars, camera, etc.   Went out of focus and wavered.

[Bottom of page contains some additional handwritten notes that are partially illegible]


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

No
No
No

Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? No

Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length: One light size of pinhead
a. Pinhead                 d. Nickel                 g. Dime
b. Pin                     e. Half dollar            h. Quarters
c. Dime                    f. Silver dollar          i. (other)

If, at arm's, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

How did you happen to notice the object(s)? Just happened to glance at then sky.

Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Driving car on Dearborn St., Salem (1-2 mi. away)

How did the object(s) disappear from view? Proceeded at high speed toward Boston over horizon.

Compare time speed of the object(s) with a plane or jet in the same area. Three Times Faster as Jet.

Were there any conventional aircraft in the location, at the time or near(by)? One To Two miles away.

Please estimate the distance of the object(s). One To Two miles away.

What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Seems near on this horizontal section.

Your name and address of other witnesses. Wife + 2 children. Same address.

Place time + date of the locality of the observation. Nearby your position, was standing on which the object was sighted. I was standing one mile West of New England Power Station and viewed the lights first over the station. Lights seemed to be about 200 feet off the ground. Light size of pinhead was White. Other larger one was of a red tinge. Lights seemed to be 100 feet apart.

Is this an airport, military, commercial, or remote location in the area? Coast Guard Rescue Station + New England Power Station.

Place and date of photographs. None.

Were you, or anyone else, in Air Force or other government agency connected with this observation? No

3/21/1966
Date                                                                                                                 Typed Name of Recorder


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

Jarrow deltavoluants?
From The Journal of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, November 8 edition, we learn how: "Mysterious flying objects have been seen shooting across the sky over Jarrow. A schoolboy and his parents said that night they had spotted several of them circling low over the town.

"They made a roaring noise and looked like silver triangles," said 13-year-old Joseph Hyde, of Albert Road. "We were not aeroplanes, because some of my friends telephoned Newcastle airport and were told that no civil aircraft were in the area at the time."

"Some time ago several residents of Inverness Road, Jarrow, reported seeing a strange object like a fireball in the sky. The object, which they christened 'The Thing', was on eight occasions. Mothers complained at the time that some of their children had been severely frightened by it.

"Mrs. Maureen Hyde, Joseph's mother said: "We didn't believe him when he came rushing into the house shouting he had seen something like a flying saucer. We went out to have a look and were amazed to see these silver things darting about the sky.

"My husband, who used to be in the Fleet Air Arm, was convinced they were not aeroplanes."
(Credit: Harry Lord, Heaton)

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

Sandown sighting
The Isle of Wight Chronicle of November 3 printed the following account: "An addition to the reports of strange, unidentified objects seen in the sky from the Sandown area comes from Mr. G. H. Cooper, proprietor of the electrical specialists business in St. John's Road, Sandown.

"While he and his wife were walking along the cliff from the direction of Shanklin at 6:25 p.m. last Wednesday, they saw an object, which had a white centre surrounded by a glowing blue ring, very high in the sky over Lake. Making no attempt to note other dropped clouds hovered a white then turned cockscrew at a terrific pace upwards and disappeared into the clouds.

"Mr. Cooper said the blue ring was of a phosphorus nature and unlike any colour he had seen. He was firmly of the opinion that the object could not have been a firework or anything normal."


- page 5 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66                                                                     4 Nov 65
                                                                               England

                                   CHANNEL ISLANDS
                        That ovaloidal again?
        The following reader's letter appeared in The Evening Post of Jersey
        (the only newspaper published in the Channel Islands) of November 5:
        "Dear Sir,—Although I am a visitor to the Island, I would like to bring
        your readers' attention to the mysterious phenomenon that I observed
        heading due west at a high speed over the town. This was at about
        9:20 p.m. on Thursday evening [Nov. 12], and it appeared as an oval
        light of a definite shape. This was going at a high speed, but was
        quite low so that it could clearly be seen. It was in view for a few
        seconds and vanished in a few seconds, but I was able to get a good glimpse. It made
        no noise, so I could not have been as near as I thought. Neither could it have
        been a star, as the sky was cloudy. I would like to enquire whether anybody
        else has observed this phenomenon, or whether it has been seen before."
        Yours truly, John Woodcock, Hurle Cottage, Lyng, Nr. Lewes, Sussex.

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66                                                                     5 Nov 65
                                                                               England

                                   Cylindrical object
                                     near Leicester
        The Leicester Mercury of November 6 tells of: "A mysterious object was seen
        last night in the sky at Humberstone, Mr. Geoffrey Ponfield, 10 The Drive,
        Scraptoft, saw the object between 10.15 and 10.30 p.m.

        "I was visiting a customer in Humberstone Boulevard and while
        waiting on the doorstep happened to look up at the sky. My auditor was
        with me and we both saw, moving quite slowly across the sky, a large
        cylindrical object showing a faint luminosity.

        "It was definitely not a firework, nor did it seem to be a meteor or a
        comet. It's hard to be objective in these circumstances. I can only say
        that I saw it and my companion saw it."

        "He added: 'It looked rather like an old fashioned airship—if those
        things still exist.'"


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

9 Nov 65
New York

The Great American and Mexican Blackouts
By Gordon Creighton

AT approximately 5.18 p.m. on November 9, an area of 80,000 square miles, extending from Boston to Buffalo and up into the Canadian Province of Ontario, and embracing some 30,000,000 people, experienced a remarkable blackout, which in some areas lasted for as much as 134 hours (upper New York State) and in the other areas from three to six hours. All our readers will have seen full details in their papers, and I will quote here only a few lines from the six-page account that appeared in TIME Magazine for November 19:

"The first hint that the Northeast's huge CAUSE (Canadian-U.S. Eastern Interconnection) power-grid was in trouble came at 5.16. Moving blackouts, millions of kilowatts of electricity were coursing through the vast network of cables to meet the early-evening needs of the Western Hemisphere's most heavily-populated, most power-dependent region. In the summary central control room of the Ontario Hydro-Electric Commission, tele-pens tracing the flow of power suddenly shuddered. At the Rochester Gas and Electric Control, on the other side of Lake Ontario, the dials on a chart went blank. A minute later, meters at the mammoth Robert Moses Niagara Power Plant—biggest in the Hemisphere—began to show a drop from 1,500 megawatts to 2,250, then sank abruptly to zero.

"Giant generators spun uncontrollably out of step, and overload switches sprang open. At Consolidated Edison's Energy Control Center on West Side, Manhattan, the meters recorded 300,000 kilowatts. At 5.18 the flux reversed, and within seconds 1.5 million kw. were swirling northward..."

While admitting that not one utility expert could offer an explanation (the London Evening Standard had carried a report to the same effect from New York on November 11), TIME concluded that the blackout had been caused by the phenomenon known as "cascading". "When there is a sudden drain on the line, power rushes in to make up for the loss, but there is a tendency in such cases for the waves to pile up on each other in wild, ever-growing oscillations that carom through the circuit."

In Britain officialdom promptly assured us that "it couldn't happen here", and so said officialdom in most other parts of the U.S., such, for example, as officials of the power company at El Paso, Texas.

This being so, let us now note with growing interest that, on the night of December 3, another big blackout occurred, allegedly having its origin in that area. It lasted for two hours, and affected a total of about a million people in parts of western Texas, parts of New Mexico, and also the Mexican frontier town of Juarez. Four or five U.S. Air Force bases in the area were affected, one of them being Holloman Air Force Base, which is located near a missile centre and is well known to all students of the UFO problem by reason of the large number of sightings there.

I have a minimal knowledge of electrical matters, and certainly do not claim to know what caused these two blackouts, but it may be wise to assemble here a few scraps and notes which could conceivably help us to arrive at the right answer.

"Some New Yorkers claimed that they had seen a satellite pass over at the moment the lights failed," and argued that "the Russians had done it again."

2. The Italian paper Corriere della Sera of Syracuse, November 14: "A pilot from Syracuse (State of New York) has declared that he saw an enormous 'ball of fire' rise from the electric power line linking the town of Clay to Niagara Falls immediately after the sudden stoppage of current last week which plunged vast areas of the USA and Canada into darkness."

High-line patrol went over the line, foot by foot; every piece of apparatus concerned was tested and re-tested, but found in perfect order. The power company were unusually honest and frank and said: "The only logical assumption is that some kind of foreign substance came across the line and grounded it somehow." The pilot's declaration as to what it was, nor the faintest idea why the power went off, nor why it came on again."

(Letter from a U.S. correspondent to Harold T. Wilkins, quoted on pages 271/272 of his Flying Saucers on the Move—Title of U.S. edition: Flying Saucers Attack.)

6. To conclude, I refer readers to the vitally


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

"The pilot, Weldon Ross, a flying instructor, says that, on the evening of Tuesday November 9, he was in the vicinity of Syracuse airport, aboard a small aircraft with some of his pupils, when the lights failed. He said: 'We were flying above the power-line running to Clay from Niagara Falls, when we saw the ball of fire. It lasted for ten seconds.'

"Another person has also said that he saw a 'ball of fire' immediately after the lights went off."

3. Time (November 26) has the following letter:
"Sir,—If you look at certain pictures of blackout New York, you can see very plainly, hovering over the city, a flying saucer. Obviously the power failure November 9) was only a preliminary to a massive invasion by alien forces bent on destroying the human race. You must be relieved to know it wasn't Russian sabotage at all."

Harold F. Whitney,

4. Many readers will know that the American clairvoyant Mrs. Jean Dixon has been investigated and tested by psychiatrists and students of parapsychology, and is rated by some of them as ranking with the greatest seers and psychics of all time. See A Gift of Prophecy, by Ruth Montgomery—condensed in the Reader's Digest for August, 1965, under the title: The Crystal Ball). It is a matter of record that Mrs. Dixon has been interviewed by very puzzled Defence officials from the Pentagon and the Central Intelligence Agency, anxious to learn the source of the highly secret and classified military and political information that has appeared in her "predictions". She has also been interviewed by the Soviet Ambassador in Washington,—understandably enough—was badly shaken when she predicted, in 1953, the launching of Russia's first sputnik, and gave the date for it too.

On August 14, 1963, Mrs. Dixon participated in a meeting called by a group of scientists for the purpose of probing her extrasensory gift. The scientists present included Dr. William Brewster, a research physicist at Walter Reed Army Hospital; Andrew Haley, general counsel for the International Astronautical Federation and the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics; Dr. F. Regis Eisenman, a prominent psychiatrist; and James Shiner, Assistant to the director of Biotechnology and Human Research in NASA. After the meeting, Andrew Haley remarked that "apart from myself, Jean Dixon was more knowledgeable about rockets than anyone else in the room".

Because these scientists had been so eager to know more about future developments in the Space Race, Mrs. Dixon agreed to meditate on rockets that night, and let them know what she saw. After she had gone to bed, she had one of her visions, which came to her in the darkness and lit up the whole bedroom. She says: "I saw a silver ball, like the sputnik, rising out of Russia and going into a powerful missile which traveled round the globe to the left. Suddenly it switched course and travelled in the opposite direction. Beneath it America was all aglow, but as the missile turned, the lights of our country went out, leaving us in utter darkness. I interpreted this to mean that Russia has a secret type of missile for which we have no anti-missile missile. It is so powerful that it can completely immobilize our communications and lighting systems. It can also play havoc with the navigation of our planes".

This vision created consternation in Washington, and the C.I.A. and Pentagon were buzzing around her like bees next day, wanting to know "where she got it from". Vice-President of the U.S.A., Hubert Humphrey, let a cat out of the bag when he admitted to her: "We have been fearful of just such a development for some time."

5. If we assume, for the moment, that it is a fact that the USSR already has such a device and that this device caused the Green Blackout of November 9 and possibly also the Texas Blackout of December 3, then how are we to explain the following items: items relating to mysterious events as far back as 1952, more than five years before Russia's first sputnik.

6. To conclude, I refer readers to the vitally...

[Note: The last line is cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 8 -

Mr. Raymond E. Fowler
NICAP MASS SUBCOM
13 Friend Court
Wenham, Massachusetts

NICAP MASSACHUSETTS INVESTIGATING SUBCOMMITTEE
13 Friend Court
Wenham, Massachusetts

December 17, 1965

AFSG - FTD
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Attention: Project Bluebook

Sirs:

Enclosed is a UFO Report for your perusal. One of our investigators has concluded that the object sighted was probably the planet Jupiter and he most likely is correct but since Hanscom AFB received another UFO report in the same general area of this sighting, I thought you might be interested in this one. It would be very interesting if the other sighting reported to Hanscom AFB was of an object similar to the one described in the enclosed report.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
Raymond E. Fowler
Chairman: NICAP MASS SUBCOM

REF/ref


- page 9 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.

After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use another sheet of paper. Please print or type. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name - INDA WILLIAMS
Address 256 BROADWAY
Raynham, Massachusetts

Place of Employment
Occupation Pleasant St. School and Bridgewater
Special Training Raynham High School
Military Service

Telephone 822-2114

2. Date of Observation NOV. 13, 1965
3. Locality of Observation Norton, Massachusetts

Time 11:30 AM (PM) Time Zone E.S.T.

4. How long did you see the object? approx. 3 Minutes Hours Seconds

5. Please describe weather conditions and type of sky, i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc. There was a mist, sky was very clear

6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you. Moon was above and to the left of object

7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? The moon

8. Were there more than one object? NO If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, if any.

9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only a source of light; was it revolving, etc? Please use additional sheet of paper. If necessary. The object appeared solid, very bright, size of a head lights 1/4 mile away

10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? YES, very bright

11. If so, compare the brightness with the sun, moon, headlights, etc. About three as bright as head lights 1/4 mile away

12. Did the object(s) —
a. Appear to stand still at any time? NO
b. Suddenly speed up or rush away at any time? YES
c. Break up into parts or explode? NO
d. Give off smoke? NO
e. Leave any visible trail? NO
f. Drop anything? NO
g. Change brightness? NO
h. Change shape? NO
i. Change color? NO

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, elaborate giving distance, size, etc., if possible. NO

14. Was there any wind? NO If so, please give direction and speed.

15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windowpane, storm window, screening, etc? NO

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? YES What kind? humming sound How loud? very faint

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) —
a. Fuzzy or blurred.
b. Like a bright star.
c. Sharply outlined. Object was sharply out lined


- page 10 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image contains a small, low-quality black and white photograph in the center of an otherwise blank page. The photograph appears to be of a person, but the details are very difficult to make out due to the poor image quality and contrast.


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

18. Was the object-
    a. Self-luminous? Yes
    b. Dull finish? NO
    c. Reflecting? N/G
    d. Transparent? N/G

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? YES. It seemed to be coming to ward earth
    Then suddenly it rose and vanished.

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
    a. Pinhead larger   d. Nickel larger   g. Orange larger
    b. Pea larger      e. Half dollar 1/2"   h. Grapefruit yes, approx.
    c. Dime larger     f. Silver dollar larger   i. Larger

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? I was walking in the woods & noticed it

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? AT CAMP WALKING TO LATRINE

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? MOVED toward moon & disappeared

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a piston or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. It moved faster

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate.
    N/G

26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s).

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? [Includes a hemisphere sketch]

28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any. Laurie Guest, 99 Jackson Drive, Raynham, Mass.

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view; the direction of its course over area; roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.
    [Includes a simple map with "North" and "O-MOON" marked]

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? YES East Taunton Airport

31. Have you seen other object(s) of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper. N/G

32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date, if possible) regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. We will return the material to you. YES can copy at WS 5 IGH R E (rest of text is partially illegible)

33. Were you interrogated by Air Force Intelligence? by any other federal, state, county, or local official? If so, please state the name and rank or title of the agent, his office, and details as to where and when the questioning took place. NO

34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, for our own confidential files.
    [Signature section with options to use or keep name confidential]

35. Date of filling out this report: Nov. 23, 1965
    Signatures: Mrs. Anna Williams


- page 12 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

NOrth 7-9434

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP. After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use another sheet of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name: Laurie Guest (Age 15)
Address: 89 Jackson Drive
Dedham, Mass.
Telephone: 922-4929

Place of Employment: Pleasant Street School
Occupation: 
Education: 8th grade - Putnam Regional High School
Special Training: 
Military Service: 

2. Date of Observation: November 13, 1966
3. Locality of Observation: Girl Scout Camp, Norton, Mass.
4. How long did you see the object? Hours: - Minutes: 3 Seconds: Very clear, no wind
5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky, i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc.: Moon, north slightly right
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you: Stars + moon visible
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible?
8. Were there more than one object? No. If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, if any.
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, etc? Please use additional sheet of paper, if necessary: Not revolving, a moon
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? Yes
11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc.: Brighter than the moon
12. Did the object(s) —
    a. Appear to stand still at any time? No
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes come down and go back
    c. Blink or spark or explode? Yes
    d. Give off smoke? No
    e. Leave any visible trail? No
    f. Drop anything? Yes come closer
    g. Change brightness? Yes
    h. Change shape? No
    i. Change color? No
13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind, of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, if possible.
14. Was there any wind? No. If so, please give direction and speed.
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windowpane, storm window, screening, etc? No. What?
16. Did the object(s) have any sound? Yes. What kind? Hum or buzz, low loud, audible
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) —
    a. Fuzzy or blurred. No
    b. Like a bright star. No
    c. Sharply outlined. Yes, very distinct


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

17a. Color(s)? - green red yellow white

18. Was the object -
    a. Self-luminous? Yes
    b. Dull finish? No
    c. Reflecting? No
    d. Transparent? No

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? No

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
    a. Pinhead 130    d. Nickel 130    g. Orange 130
    b. Pea 130        e. Half dollar 130   h. Grapefruit Yes
    c. Dime 130       f. Silver dollar 130  i. Larger

    Or, if easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? walking

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Norton

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? As rotated and turned with great apparent speed faster than a jet

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a piston or jet aircraft or the same apparent altitude.

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterward? If so, please elaborate. No

26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s).

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? (Hemisphere sketch included)

28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any. Linda Williams Broadway Batavia

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North your position; the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view; the direction of its course over the area; roads, town, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile. (Map sketch included)

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? Yes East Townsend Hill

31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper. No

32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date, if possible) regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. We will return the material to you.

33. Were you interrogated by Air Force Investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the name and rank or title of the agent, his office, and details as to where and when the questioning took place. No

Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please elaborate carefully. No

34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, for our own confidential files. Thank you for your cooperation.

You may use my name. (✓)    Please keep my name confidential. ( )

35. Date of filling out this report: Nov. 23, 1965    Signature: (Signature included)


- page 14 -

EVALUATION OF UFO REPORT INVESTIGATION

Date: 29 November 1965

From: J. O'Neill

To: R. E. Fowler

Investigation Date: 24 November 1965

Observation Date: 13 November 1965

Observers: Miss Linda Williams
            855 Broadway, Raynham, Massachusetts
            Miss Laurie Guest
            89 Jackson Drive, Raynham, Massachusetts

Place of Observation: Norton Massachusetts (Girl Scout Camp)

A. General Review

This investigator interviewed the principals on the evening of 24 November 1965 from approximately 7:30 p.m. to approximately 8:30 p.m., in the presence of the father of Miss Guest, Mr. Gordon Guest.

Prior to my interview, both girls were in possession of NICAP report forms (short form) and had partially completed same.

It was impractical to individually question the girls, and in view of their prior work on the report forms, I deemed it meaningless to do so.

Questioning revealed that at least one (Miss Guest) had heard one or more of the recent radio broadcasts re. UFO activity, and both had read recent UFO clippings in the Boston papers as well as the complete week-long article in the Boston Herald pertaining to the Hill case.

During the questioning and subsequent discussion, various discrepancies appeared in the answers from each girl, and that in many instances difficulty was met in trying to obtain separate answers, since usually one (Miss Guest) would formulate an answer which was usually seconded by the other.

The most important variances in verbal answers with written answers are as follows:

1. Distance: (Written reports not completed)
   Neither girl had the slightest conception of distance. Answers over the questioning period ranged from "a few hundred feet" to "eight to ten miles".

2. Size: (Reports: apparent size of grapefruit, etc.)
   Both girls agreed that the object was "smaller than the full moon", "about the size of a helicopter a couple of fields length away" etc. They were startled to learn that a dime will cover a full moon, yet neither could approximate a more reasonable comparison.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

3. Motion: One girl couldn't describe motion while one (Miss Williams, see report) decided the object moved toward the moon and disappeared.

4. Sound: Report: humming)
Neither girl could say either when they became aware of noise, or why the noise was identified as emanating from the object. Verbal reports varied between a jet at great height and a fly caught in a window.

5. Position: Both agreed that they were facing north and the moon was to their right front (NE) and the moon was above and to the left of the object. One girl sketched the moon directly above the object while the other sketched the moon above and to the right of the object. (See reports)

B. Related Information

1. The father of Miss Guest informed me that although a confirmed non-believer of UFO himself, he was sure that his daughter had been something, and was definitely "slightly upset" by the experience.

2. In an attempt to eliminate astronomical bodies, I have considered Jupiter as the only probable "phenomenon", and reduced its position relative to the moon and relative to the position of the moon in the sky at the time and date of the observation. I used Boston as an approximate locale, since I know the latitude and longitude, and the variance between Boston and Raynham is minor.

Ephemeris Apparent Positions: 11/13/65 11:30 p.m.
Moon        R. Ascension   6 hrs. 43 min.    Declination   +26° 06 min.
Jupiter     R. Ascension   6 hrs. 02 min.    Declination   +23°

Reduction to local meridian places the moon approximately 45° above the Eastern horizon, and Jupiter approximately to the right and slightly above the moon.

Conclusion: Allowing for the variances noted above regarding size, position, motion, etc., and taking the father's statement into consideration, I have concluded that the girls did in fact see an unknown object, and that it was probably the planet Jupiter.

A combination of the lateness of the hour, the remote and unfamiliar location, lack of knowledge of astronomical phenomena coupled with the recent exposure and content of the Hill case could trigger the imagination to this extent.

[Signed]
J. J. O'Neill
NICAP
Massachusetts Investigating Subcommittee


- page 16 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD  18 November 1965

Major Nance from Air Force Command Post called to report a balloon that was launched from Washington, Pennsylvania. The balloon will reach a height of 60,000 ft. and follow a Northwest-Southeast course.

The balloon is a 20 ft. aluminum-type balloon. For additional information, contact Johns Hopkins University at Baltimore, Maryland, Astro Physics Department.

Major Nance received the call at 1500.


- page 17 -

Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol 13, #1, March 66

Confluence, Penna.
27 November 1965

CLOSE SIGHTING IN PENNSYLVANIA: On the evening of November 27th, two teen-age boys in Confluence, Pennsylvania, saw a luminous cigar-shaped craft at very low altitude over the city. It seemed to be about ten feet in diameter, and no higher than a thousand feet in altitude. Its most astonishing feature was the way it moved with a zigzag motion, unlike a normal aircraft. Both boys stated that although the ship was traveling at high speed in an irregular patch, its outline was very distinct. Then, suddenly, it came to a complete stop, turned on its end, and shot upward at incredible speed. It disappeared from sight "in no time at all," according to the report. (Somerset, Pa. Daily American, 11/29/65)

Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol 13, #1, Mar 66

Argentina
24 Nov 65

ARGENTINE PLANE NEARLY CRASHES WITH UFO: Still another case of UFOs endangering the relatively lightly-traveled South American air lanes, occurred on the 24th of November. Captain Longo of the Argentine National Airline was coming in for a landing at Resistencia, en route from Rio de Janeiro, at about 9:45 p.m., when a brightly-lit UFO at him on a collision course. Longo made a "tragic maneuver" to change course, while the mysterious object headed upwards at a 45 degree angle and disappeared rapidly from view. The pilot claimed later that the object missed his plane by only about 100 yards. The same UFO was observed visually by personnel at the airport's control tower.


- page 18 -

MORE DATA ON ADDITIONAL U.F.O. REPORT

A path of lights were seen in November 28, 1965, at 2:00 A.M. Witnessed by mother, and sister. Were observed in Belascos 50 power. Were flying north at approx. 600 mph. Three sizes were observed in same formation. The biggest size was like Venus. The smallest could only be seen thru telescope. Appeared like disk in telescope. Approx. altitude, over 50,000 feet. Biggest light was white, next size, orange, smallest, red.

Were controlled. At times stopped, and spread out over sky, then got back in formation, and began moving north again. Sighting lasted about 15 minutes.

Condition of weather was good. Cool, about 56 degrees. Scattered clouds. Dry. Humidity was very low. Barometer was about 30.20 inches of mercury and holding steady.

These objects were craft. Were seen thru telescope. Did flying stunts. Observed by three people. My whole family, and myself will take a lie detector test anytime. If you wish more information, let me know.

Saw same thing week later, but only 18 objects. Have not seen it since.

Drawing below will show formation.

[The document includes a hand-drawn diagram showing the formation of the observed objects with various crosses/plus signs representing their positions]


- page 19 -

NEWS RELEASE
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
WALLOPS STATION, WALLOPS ISLAND, VIRGINIA 23337
TELEPHONE: VALLEY 4-3411 - EXTS. 584 and 579

FOR RELEASE: June 21, 1967

Release No. 67-24

ROCKET EXPERIMENT TIMED
WITH TWO SATELLITE PASSES AT WALLOPS

A rocket experiment coordinated with overpasses of two satellites was launched by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration at Wallops Island, Va., at 3:02 p.m. EDT today.

An ionosphere experiment prepared jointly by the Southwest Center for Advanced Studies, Dallas, Texas, and NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Md., was launched on a 4-stage Javelin rocket. The launch was coordinated with overpasses of the Canadian satellite, Alouette II, and the U. S. satellite, Explorer XXXI, launched "piggyback" into polar orbits by a Thor-Agena B from the Western Test Range in California November 29, 1965. The Javelin probe was sent up between the two satellite passes.

Primary objective of the flight was to measure properties of the ionosphere--ion composition, concentration and temperature and electron concentration and temperature--and to correlate the

-more-


- page 20 -

results with simultaneous measurements made by the two
satellites. The ionosphere is a region of charged particles
in the upper atmosphere.

The launch vehicle was a 48-foot Javelin (ARGO D-4) sound-
ing rocket. The 120-pound payload was boosted to a peak altitude
of 493 statute miles. Data were telemetered to ground stations
during the flight. No recovery operation was involved.

Project Scientist is Thomas W. Flowerday of the Southwest
Center for Advanced Studies. R. G. Plihal was the Goddard
Vehicle Manager. William L. Lord was Project Engineer for
Wallops Station, with Paul A. White serving as Launch Pad
Supervisor.

-END-


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

This is my
Picture
Lucky
256 James st
Cincinnati, Ohio


- page 22 -

DECEMBER 1965 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER                EVALUATION

Dec     LaCrosse, Wisconsin                                            Insufficient Data
1-15    Houston, Texas Area (Billington AFB)                           Satellite
1       Caracas, Venezuela                                             Astro (VSNUS)
1       Norwalk, Ohio                                                  Astro (METEOR)
2       Santiago, Chile                                  Chilean Rocket Society Astro (METEOR)
2       Santa Susana, California                                       Astro (VENUS)
2       Aberdeen, South Dakota                                         Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
6       Cutoff, Louisiana                                              Balloon
7       Evanston, Illinois                                             Aircraft
7       Lanham, Maryland                                               Balloon
7       Oak Grove, Oregon                                              Astro (VENUS)
7       Rockaway, Oregon                                               Insufficient Data
7       Tangent, Oregon                                                Insufficient Data
9       Waterford, Pennsylvania                                        Astro (MOON)
0       Lmd, Ohio, Pa, Mich, Canada                                    Astro (METEOR)
11      Vandalia, Ohio                                                 Aircraft
11      Albany, Oregon                                                 Satellite
11      Hawaii, Island                                                 Aircraft
11      Caracas, Venezuela                     Aloha Airlines          Insufficient Data
12      Lansing, Michigan                                              Aircraft
15      Dayton, Ohio                                                   Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
15      Osceola Area                                                   Other (SATELLITE DECAY)
15      Lake AFB, Arizona                                              Other (MISSILE)
16      45.14N 172E (Pacific)                   NW Airlines             Astro (METEOR)
16      Alaska & Pacific                                               Astro (METEOR)
17      Sattia, Ohio                                                   Aircraft
17      Whittier, California                                           Insufficient Data
20      Lacomb, Oregon                                                 Aircraft
21      -5.37N 171.25E (Pacific)                                       Astro (METEOR)
21      Putnam, Connecticut                                            Aircraft
27      Houma, Louisiana                                               Astro (VENUS)
28      Bearcreek, Ohio                                                Astro (VENUS)
28      Newark, Ohio                                                   Astro (VOA)
29      41.41N 11.31E (Atlantic)                Military                Satellites

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                SOURCE                  EVALUATION

1       Southampton, England                    Flying Saucer Review
1       Tucuman, Argentina                      
9       Turiak, California                      Saucer News
10      Lake Weir, Florida                      
13      Nazareth & Hanover Township, Pa.        Saucer News
26      Danville, Virginia                      Saucer News


- page 23 -

Dear Sir:

Sir my name is [blacked out]. Sir is below that the flying saucer w/ 20.70.0° off of the anti-gravity force field on the crystal property of the flying saucer refines all the electro-magnetic and corpuscular energies into varying figures, cis and wave lengths.

Sir is am 16 years old and have been studying the U.F.O. field for more than three years now and hope to make a career and of it.

Sir that you in november 8/1965 i was in clay and kentucky driving, and at 7:30 p.m. i was looking in the sky w/ my 20.5 mm telescope and as to what i saw was no star, planet, comet, balloon, not anything but a unidentifying space i which controlled intellectual fly saucer controls. Sir is now two objects shaped like same w/side same speed, same size. They were 30 to 35 feet in diameter, traveling from west to west when they recorded same other sky


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

stopped for about 15 seconds. they were
traveling at 150 miles per hour to my estim-
ate. they were about 5,000 feet in the sky.
so in the objects it observed didn't have
any sound, or was it after behind close as
a airplane does. this the objects were clean
going colors from red, green to yellowish
to white and blue.

this we left as saw was no enemy
air craft because they jig, jacked, and
stayed up aerial air.

this if you have an photos, or in-
formation on r.f.o.'s or flying saucers
is sure would appreciate it.

yours truly,

P.S. here is a drawing of what
is seen in November of 1965 at 4:30 in
the night.

Thank you.


- page 25 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top Left]
7.157.65

[Top Right]
Close Encounter Xreme
Online
Nov. 1968

[Bottom Left]
Light

[Bottom Right]
Quilted surface
Received by

The document contains a hand-drawn sketch/illustration of what appears to be an oval or egg-shaped object with a gridded/checkerboard-like surface, surrounded by star-like dots and some abstract shapes that look like stylized figures or objects. The words "Light" are written on the left and right sides of the illustration.


- page 26 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

March 18, 1966

Dear [Redacted]

Attached is FTD Form 164 which is used for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects to the Air Force. In order for the Air Force to evaluate these reports, this form should be completed as fully as possible and returned to this office.

Sincerely,
SARA HUNT
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
FTD Form 164

Palo Alto, Calif. 94303

[Handwritten note at bottom, partially illegible]:
Re: Due to late date of report a comprehensive evaluate is impossible at this time. This case is being classified as insufficient clear for evaluation.


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

Dear Sir,

I read one article magazine that there is something called St Elmo's Fire, & I was wondering if that is what my friend & I saw last December (about then)

At the time, was nearly & at about 5:30, we saw there 3 lights in the sky. They looked like headlights on a car some 5pm a distance. One went out, then the other went out. Later that evening, when it was dark, I saw them again, & again they went out. Was it St Elmo's Fire? They didn't look like fire.

They were just lights. +

I know you must have forms of mail like this to answer, but

[Note: The last line appears to be cut off]


- page 28 -

I hope you could find time to
reply.

Thank you,

Palo Alto, Calif
94303


- page 29 -

