PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 11 August 65 12/04.03
2. LOCATION: Zionsville, Indiana
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 - 15 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (TV)
7. COURSE: NNW
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: No data presented to rule out an A/C sighting. Case will be maintained in file.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Night, 10-15 minute duration. Observed through Telescope. Speed estimated 4,000-5,000 mph. Described as an elongated white object moving at jet speed. Jerky motion. Reversed microfilm. Flight to NNW. Inversion in area. Duration in conflict with estimated speed. Slower than indicated. Form 14 not returned. Satellite. Object followed with Telescope. Clockwise motion noted.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

FTD (TDEN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
2 September 1965

Zionsville, Indiana

Dear [redacted]

Reference your unidentified observation of 11 August 1965. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. It is requested that you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

The Air Force appreciates your interest in this subject.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information, so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
11   Aug   65
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 2340
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Zionsville Ind.
City or Town           State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)   10-15
                                 Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain     c. Not very sure
                      d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 163, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Blank line]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [Blank line]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 4 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):     Yes     No     Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):     Yes     No     Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Page 3


- page 5 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 400-500 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [No response]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East            e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast       f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No    e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes   No    f. Telescope    Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No    g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No    h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Note: The last question (26) is left blank with no response.]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME
ADDRESS                Zionsville           Ind
TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE           SEX   Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
                                                    August   1923
To   Sgt. Groome   Ft. Harrison, Ind.   Ext 2100   13109


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    Day     Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Elongated white object
Moving jet speeds
Moved jerkily, reversed direction
Direction N NW
Detected with naked eye, also observed with "600" power telescope.

Sgt Groner (see item 33) reported that local weather bureau gave clear sky with temperature inversion


- page 9 -

