PROJECT 1947 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
2 August 65  03/0302

2. LOCATION
Kettering, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (METER)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
7 Seconds

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Bright flashing light like a bright star. Disappeared beyond horizon. Observed at 45 deg elevation heading down. White light green. Observed to North.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Down

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Partially filled in, but text is not fully legible]

2. Time of day: [Blank]
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Sunon Dr.   Kettering   Ohio
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
[Blank spaces for Hours, Minutes, Seconds]
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? [Blank]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes [Blank] No [Blank]

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
              b. In back of you    e. Overhead
              c. To yr right       f. Don't remember

FTD FORM 164 [Bottom text partially cut off]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

a. Other ____________________

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Below horizon

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound    None
b. Color    White or light green

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
45° above horizon during sighting

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The bottom section (Question 19) is blank with no drawing]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Passing

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you this object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 16 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes   No     e. Binoculars    Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No     f. Telescope     Yes   No
c. Windshield    Yes   No     g. Theodolite    Yes   No
d. Window glass  Yes   No     h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last question (26) is left blank]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was, above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2 1/2
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

[The rest of the text appears to be a handwritten signature at the bottom of the page, which I will not reproduce.]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give data or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If yes, answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                 Kettering    Ohio

TELEPHONE NUMBER         AGE         SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day             Month           Year


- page 7 -

