Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
3-31-65  2/600Q

2. LOCATION
Coden, Ala.

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENTIFIED RADAR RETURN

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
14 to 15 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
South

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-429 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

No change in direction quite north to south direction

29. IF There was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ___________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Now two satellites traveling 1 NW-SE x April 20
NW-SE x April 21

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: My wife

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 25 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I am a informant officer with the Dept of Interstate
in helping for relations on the water, you please
to look into it from this time determine in our
[partially illegible text]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Notice of Defense
Day     Month     Year

Page 6 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 3 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   21   July   65

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Two satellites I saw, much 22 ch p of typical came from the North and disappeared within sighting got over head. But they were traveling much slower than I.D. Cars object.

I saw sun meters in shooting stars setting it re sky yet


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

R.T. Desarge
2608 A&M
Caton, Ala.

John P. Spaulding
Lt. Colonel, USAF SAF-CRE
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Div.
Office of Information
Washington, D.C.

Secretary of Defense
Robert S. McNamara
Washington, D.C.

The document appears to be an envelope or mailing document with postmarks from Coden, Alabama dated APR 23 1965, and includes U.S. Postage stamps.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Mrs. Secretary

Thank you for your letter I got that year ago regarding our flight of land life shapes.

Alts am glad that Mr. Goldwater doesn't go into office as I know he said he was going to fire you, that would have been the biggest mistake.

Something else, I would be to get a few answers and information, and I hope to you you some ideas.

I would like to know if we have any satellites running on a North-to-South course that can be seen with the naked eye, also one on a South-to-North course. I have seen 4 different or the same two.

On April 30th at 9:20 pm I saw up fly, saw a object come across the sky that was not a satellite nor airplane. It was on a southerly course and traveling at great speed. The object was cloudless, soft of jet was blue white in color, no sound, nor tail. Seemed like a meteor base, the color was dull not shining like the stars, and was not falling but going across the sky. From my place I can see about 25 to 45 of the sky and it covered the distance in about 1/2 second. It must have been doing 25,000 mph. It was almost round, like the size of


- page 6 -

or see on T.V. It was not the size of a pencil held at arms length.

At the time I was told like to make a suggestion that might help the troubled world. The Russians & Red China are out to get this country, and will stop at nothing quite they do.

If we had something else for them to worry about some could not progress while they were worrying. This is where the UFO could come in handy. We almost have enough proof to say they are not planter of just a sky net. We can't prove other will. Our people won't be frightened about the truth, we know how to accept things, but maybe the communists won't.

If we must reveal or our quite could catch them, as they could not get off radar. Radar will not show him sometimes in formation, outside polite would not report of sightings sometimes with lights showing through port holes. We have never captured one that we know of the something.

We are about four shipyards that are to be closed down. We'll not lose them out right with an argument that they will be destroyed. It seems as if the U.S. knows it is now emerging. This is just ground for your time.


- page 7 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW                                                                   10 May 65
SUBJECT: UFO Observation, [redacted], Sr, 20 Apr 65

TO: HQ USAF SAPI-CC (Mrs Hunt)
    Wash D C 20330

This office is in receipt of a letter from [redacted], Sr. of Coden, Alabama addressed to Secretary of Defense. Roche G Noffsinger, In his letter he reported an unidentified flying object on the night of 20 Apr 65. Since his letter did not contain sufficient information for evaluation, it is requested that your office forward an FTD Form 164 to him for completion.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr.
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 8 -

Mrs Hunt/SAFOI/CC/7282/10 Jun 65

Dear Mr [redacted]:

Your letter to the Secretary of Defense in which you could not identify an aerial object which you saw is noted. I am enclosing an AFOIN Form 164 which should be completed. I am only so possible to the office to which we can evaluate your report.

Sincerely,

1 Atch
PID Form 164
Mr. [redacted]
Coden, Alabama


- page 9 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can as fully as possible. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
20th April 1965
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 9 - 20
Hour    Minute
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Rt. Residence    Coden    Alabama
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours    14    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimated
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright          a. Bright
b. Cloudy          b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FTO FORM    This form supersedes TD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.
OCT 52 164


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One)
    a. None
    b. A few
    c. Many
    d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One)
    a. Bright moonlight
    b. Dull moonlight
    c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky
    b. Hazy
    c. Scattered clouds
    d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Dry
    b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Snow
    e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid
    b. Transparent
    c. Vapor
    d. As a light
    e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter
    b. Dimmer
    c. About the same
    d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
    [Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember
    e. Other: [blank lines]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?     [Yes/No/Don't know]
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   [Yes/No/Don't know]
    c. Break up into parts or explode?        [Yes/No/Don't know]
    d. Give off smoke?                        [Yes/No/Don't know]
    e. Change brightness?                     [Yes/No/Don't know]
    f. Change shape?                          [Yes/No/Don't know]
    g. Flash or flicker?                      [Yes/No/Don't know]
    h. Disappear and reappear?                [Yes/No/Don't know]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Moved out of sight

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
If moved behind: a tree

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: stars

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound none
b. Color blue white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
about 3/4 would still be possible

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an oval/elliptical object with arrows pointing South and North]


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Enter 10 min. yrs. 1-10 mi.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? app. 3000 yds.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other screen

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a plate, half flat, half oblong, a stop part of a flat eraser and about real size.


- page 13 -

