Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
20 Aug 65 1 hrs 05

2. LOCATION
Perkasie, Bucks, Penna.

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
ASTRO

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Multiple (6-8)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Sighting characteristic of spotted observations of stars at night.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 - 6 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Visual

7. COURSE
1, 2, 3, NNW

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-349 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Top of document header is partially illegible]

DATE:    6 April 1965

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

[First paragraph is partially illegible, but appears to discuss an investigation of a UFO sighting]

[The rest of the document text is too faint/blurry to reliably transcribe with complete confidence. Large portions of the text are illegible.]

The document appears to be a Project Blue Book report dated 6 April 1965 related to a UFO investigation, but the specific details are difficult to read due to the poor image quality.


- page 2 -

Text from the document:

SKETCH OF OBSERVER

Notes from Sketch:
Object observed in clear blue sky appeared to be an incandescent white light source shaped symmetrically as shown here, comparable to the occasional reflection from aircraft but with no variation. Placed time from 5 to 8 PM possibly 6:15 and spread 10 seconds. Vertical rise from 1 actually suggested evidence of collision course to observer. Tactile horizontal course is as it appeared. Relative size of object while at 45 not appear to be distinctly would not be less than at 8.

In the observer's garden at Charles and Lynn streets, about 16 miles north of Troy, N.Y. Observer noted passing delta wing jet plane headed due west, while simultaneously sighting a bright light in the sky. Glimmer of plane's brief due to speed and low altitude and distraction caused by object observed. Course follows by object approximately as shown in broken line.


- page 3 -

SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION
ASTROPHYSICAL OBSERVATORY
40 GARDEN STREET  CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS  02138

April 20, 1965

Mr. Fowler
13 Friend Court
Wenham, Massachusetts

Dear Mr. Fowler:

Enclosed is the UFO report I referred to on the phone today. I hope you have better luck tracking down this object than I did finding the meteorite that prompted the correspondence between Mr. Gifford and me.

I will certainly attempt to forward similar reports of this nature to you in the future.

Sincerely,

James Cornell
James C. Cornell, Jr.
Public Information Officer

me


- page 4 -

The text on this page is handwritten and appears to be quite difficult to read clearly. While I can see that it is a handwritten document with cursive script, the specific words and content are largely illegible due to the image quality and handwriting style. I cannot confidently transcribe the text without potentially introducing errors.


- page 5 -

Some text is illegible due to the image quality. Here is the text I can confidently read:

Date of Observation: 4/9/1965
Location of Observation: Boyertown, PA

[The rest of the text is too faint or blurry to accurately transcribe without potentially introducing errors.]


- page 6 -

Some text is illegible due to the image quality. Here is the text I can confidently read:

[Top of document appears to have some header information, but is mostly illegible]

[Middle section contains partially readable text with some words/phrases discernible, but not complete sentences]

Near the bottom of the document, I can partially read:

"...connection to NICAP. However, it..."

[The bottom of the document contains a date stamp and signatures, but they are not fully clear]

The overall document appears to be a typewritten report with some handwritten annotations, but the image resolution makes complete OCR challenging.


- page 7 -

Mr. Raymond E. Fowler
13 Friend Court,
Wenham, Massachusetts

USAF (AFOQ-FTD),
Wright-Patterson AFB,
Dayton, Ohio
Attn: Project Bluebook


- page 8 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: SAUCER NEWS September 1965

26 April 1965
New London, Minnesota

NEAR-LANDING IN MINNESOTA: A nine-year-old boy named Gary Green, living on a farm near New London, Minnesota, made an unusually close observation of a flying saucer at 5 p.m. last April 26th. The machine descended noiselessly to within a few inches of the ground. It was about 200 feet from the boy. It then raised a "stick" of some sort, resembling an antenna or periscope. At that point, a weird noise began, which was heard by the boy's father, who was across the road in a silo, doing chores. His father looked around but could see nothing, as a grove of trees was between him and the UFO.

Gary Green stated that after a minute or two, the protrusion sticking out from the UFO was withdrawn, and the noise ceased. Then the craft lifted slowly into the sky, and when it was a few yards off the ground, it zoomed away at unbelievable speed, in a westerly direction. He described the UFO as looking like two small saucers "placed lip to lip", black in color, and about five feet in diameter.


- page 9 -

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

7 Apr 65
Vienna, Austria

AUSTRIA
Formation flight

From the Turin (Italy) journal
Sere XIX 4 April 8, 1965, we learn
that a report from Vienna (agly?)
told how four boys had witnessed for
or an UFO in the sky of Kenzern in
Syria.

The objects passed swiftly from
south to north, having a luminous
wake. Visible for between six to
eight seconds, they made no noise.
(Credit: Mme S. Sautter)


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE (Information Only)

Source: USAF Bulletin, Jul, Aug, 55
Fireball Over Howth, Ireland

Dublin, Ireland
14 April 1955

Mr. John Knowles and Miss Rose Ward
of Dublin, Ireland were travelling by car
to the Summit Inn at Howth Head on
the 9th of April 1955 when they observed
a UFO. Miss Ward told the Dublin Eve-
ning Herald that they were on Clontarf
Road when she spotted what appeared to
be a blue star "floating along". She
brought it to Knowles' attention but he
saw nothing.

"When we got to St. Fintan's Golf Club
on Howth Head, we were both amazed to
see a ball of light floating along—about
the "size of a football". Miss Ward reported.

She said it changed color from white
to red and after a while it became blue
again. It was not flashing or pulsating.
Knowles said they watched the object
for about 20 minutes as it moved about
and changed color almost overhead,
finally "zoomed" away and was lost to
sight in the clouds. Knowles told APRO
Representative Austin Byrnes that the
object appeared to be the "size of a
tennis ball" but could have been very
large and at a great distance. It came
in from the East, finally disappeared
southwest. Knowles also said the object
appeared to come toward him and then
to recede in a kind of "wave motion".

An Air Linque spokesman said on the
14th that they had no plans in the vicinity at the time of the sighting which took
place at about 9 p.m. Dunlark Observatory did not observe anything unusual
and could offer no explanation.

Mr. Byrnes also interviewed Mr. Wilbur Doyle of the Landsdowne on the
South Dublin Coast. On March 31, at
8:30 a.m. Mr. D, who works in a loading
yard at a milk depot, saw a brilliant
white light come from the west, pass a
point in the sky above the planet Mars,
hover for a while, then "shoot up" into
space. It was so bright he could hardly
look at it.

On April 7th at 8 a.m. Mr. D. was in
the same spot when he saw, in approximately the same direction as the object
on the 31st, a black-white parish-shaped
object which "rolled-up" into the sky.


- page 11 -

Mrs Ent/SAROCC/7284/13 Jun 55
15 Jun 65

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in reply to your letter reporting an unidentified flying object on the night of 30 April 1964.

The objects observed by you and your wife on 30 April and 1 May were two United States Air Force reports of kinds. The description of the objects as grey together with the duration of 3 to 6 seconds and the distance (roughly 1/2 to several sightings of this nature. These generally migrate at night and are visible to an observer on the ground during very bright moonlight or when they are close enough to the ground to reflect light from ground sources. Aerial lights will be visible only for a very brief period of time.

In other words, while rare, these are reported on an average of three or four times a year.

Sincerely,

[Signature and additional details at bottom are mostly redacted]


- page 12 -

1 - 31 MAY 1965 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                      OBSERVER           EVALUATION

May     Burlington, Massachusetts                        Other (UNRELIABLE)
1       Saugus, Maine                                    AIRCRAFT
1       Dayton, Ohio                                     SATELLITE
1       St. Augustine, Florida                           SATELLITE
2       Dayton, Ohio                                     SATELLITE
2       College Park, Georgia                            SATELLITE
2       Clarksville, Virginia                            SATELLITE
3       Chesapeake, Virginia                             SATELLITE
3       Dayton, Ohio                                     SATELLITE
3       Piedmont, Alabama                                SATELLITE
5-7     Philippines                                      Military   SATELLITE

6       Bedford, Ohio                                    1. SATELLITE
         Brookville, Ohio                                2. AIRCRAFT
7       Oxford, Michigan                                 3. INSUFFICIENT DATA
7       Pearl Harbor, Hawaii                             UNIDENTIFIED
7       Anaheim, California                              SATELLITE
7       Pearl Harbor, Hawaii                             Military   SATELLITE
8       34.22N 70.45W (Atlantic)                         Military   Other (Flare)
9       Mequon, Wisconsin                                AIRCRAFT
10      30N 110W (Pacific)                               SATELLITE
13      Orlando, Florida                                 AIRCRAFT
15      Storm Lake, Iowa                                 AIRCRAFT
15      Oil City, Pennsylvania                           AIRCRAFT
17      Tiffin, Ohio                                     AIRCRAFT
18      Dayton, Ohio                                     AIRCRAFT
18      Lewisburg, Ohio                                  AIRCRAFT
21      Dayton, Ohio                                     AIRCRAFT
23      Albuquerque, New Mexico                          SATELLITE
23      Dayton, Ohio                                     AIRCRAFT
25      DR Thailand                                      AIRCRAFT
25      Washington, D.C.                                 Military   Other (SCOUT ROCK)
27      Economy, Pennsylvania                            Astro (METEOR)
28      Lynn, Massachusetts                              AIRCRAFT
28      Macon, Georgia                                   INSUFFICIENT DATA
29      New Bedford, Massachusetts                       Military   Astro (METEOR)
29      Tucson, Arizona                                  AIRCRAFT
30      New York World's Fair (missing)                  Civilian   (PHOTO)
31      Belmont, Ohio                                    Other (DEVELOPER SM
31      Piqua, Ohio                                      AIRCRAFT

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                      SOURCE             EVALUATION

May     Walnut Grove, Calif.                             (Green 164)
4       Brooklyn, N. Y.                                  (Green 164)
7       Tewksbury, Mass.                                 Fowler (NICAP REPT)
14      Bradford, Mass.
13      Farmington, N. M.                                News Clipping
13      WP AFB, O.D. RPT                                 SATELLITE
17      North Lawrence, Ohio                             News Clipping
20      Teseque, New Mexico


- page 13 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW
SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 30 Apr 65, Bogertown, Pa                     12 May 65

TO:   Hq USAF SAFI-OC (Mrs Hunt)
       Wash D C
       20330

Reference the attached letter from _______ reporting
an unidentified flying object on the night of 30 Apr 65. The
following is a suggested reply:

a. The objects observed by you and your son on the night
of 30 Apr and 1 May are very similar to many reports of birds,
such as plovers. The description of the objects as gray, to-
gether with the duration of 3-6 seconds and the distance traveled
is in accord with sightings of this nature. Birds generally
migrate at night and are visible to an observer on the ground
only during very bright moonlight or when they are close enough
to the ground to reflect light from a ground source. Birds which
reflect light from a ground source will be visible only for a
brief period of time. Sightings of this nature, while rare, are
reported on an average of three or four times a year.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR                                     Atch
Major, USAF                                                a/s
Chief, Aerial Phenomena

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 14 -

Department of Defense
Washington, D.C.

Boyertown, Pa.
April 3, 1960

Gentlemen:

I would like to report the sighting of eight objects on the night of April 30, 1960 at 10:30 P.M. By my area, Bruce.

The objects were flying in a "V" formation going from NNW to NNE direction. They were some few about 5 to 6 seconds. 

The following night of May 1, 1960 at 10:55 P.M. another objects were seen by my son, myself and 2 other friends.

The objects were going in the NW by E.NE. direction. The objects were some for approximately the same length of time, 3 to 6 seconds. There was no sound and they flew in a "V" formation.

The sky in the west was hazy. And also in the northeast, but directly over head the sky was clear with star visible. The objects came out of the hazy area, the clouds again were united with haze. They were visible at all times.

The center of the objects were grey in color with a grey light around such objects.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

My son Carl his friends saw this objects visible
circular in shape.

I had it been looking with the sky where
he called this to my attention. I thought the objects
were more circular with only six (6) objects.
This is the way they appeared to me looking
upward.

Yours truly,
[Blacked out signature]
Boyertown, Pa

1965 MAY 6 14:30
CITE SECT OF DEFENSE
RECEIVED


- page 16 -

...the night of April 15th, Mrs. Elizabeth Chorney of Boston, Mass., was returning home with her husband when she made a remarkable sighting of a cigar-shaped object not more than 100 yards in the air. It had four windows and a red light. In the rear, which was alternately bright and dim. She watched it at close observation for about 25 minutes, whereupon it was joined by three smaller objects. Shortly thereafter, all four objects disappeared at the same time. Almost as soon as the UFOs were out of sight, Mrs. Chorney saw seven Air Force planes in the area. Said Mrs. Chorney "I think they were from Hanscom Field in Bedford. They seemed to be searching for something"...


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UAO Scouts Town In East
Mrs. Evelyn Chorney and her son Steven, 14 of Westford, Massachusetts, were driving home on the evening of 14 April 1965 when Mrs. C saw an unconventional object in the sky. "There were stars out but no moon and there were light scattered clouds in the sky. Lights from the city of Lowell illuminated the clouds over that city. The air was very still and sounds carried a great distance. A train near Lowell & miles away was heard clearly.

The library is located in the Center of town which is on a hill and is the highest elevation for miles around. Upon leaving the library they stopped on the library steps to talk to a special policeman and then both spotted the object. The object first appeared to be four slanted windows in "front" of it. They viewed them through the treetops. There were no leaves on the trees so they got a fairly clear view.

They heard no sound at any time. The policeman said nothing, neither did Mrs. Chorney. She made an excuse to leave, got her son who was talking to other children and they got into her car. She drove to the south down the side of the Hill where she'd seen the object, and stopped. She spotted the object moving very slowly, with a "wobbling" effect. It started a slow wide turn to its left and Mrs. Chorney started in her car again and drove further. She and Steven lot out and viewed it for several minutes.

Watching it continue to bear left, Mrs. Chorney drove to the High School area on the Northeast side of the hill about one-quarter of the way around the hill. She drove through the town (3 blocks) which took only a few minutes. Swinging into the road which leads to the high school, they stopped the car and got out again and viewed the object. The "twin glow" lights were out but there were two bright red lights, one on each end of the cigar-shaped craft. The lights constantly dimmed and brightened alternately.

As the object moved past the high school, the red lights went out and a light which gave the appearance of a straight vertical line, appeared just "in side of the end" of the object and it blinked on and off very fast for about 20 seconds. As the craft completed the end of its S-shaped route, and appeared under the cloud cover over the Lowell area, the blinking light stopped and the red lights began pulsating again. Moving very slowly over the Lowell area, the cigar-shaped craft was almost black. It moved on into the southeast and faded out of sight.

To their right toward the end of the sighting, the observers saw three bright red round pulsating objects. When the big cigar-shaped object headed toward Boston, the small lights moved in the same direction. They also disappeared.

The entire sighting lasted between 30 and 40 minutes, after which Mrs. Chorney returned home, about 2 minutes from the center of Westford.

The Chorneys then saw aircraft circling Westford and they continued to do so for about an hour. Mrs. Chorney stipulated that no conventional aircraft were seen in the whole area during the time of the sighting.

See diagrams for the lay of the land, Mrs. Chorney's route during the observation and the route of the UAO.

We feel Mrs. Chorney is an extraordinary observer and this is one of the most detailed sighting reports we have received. Our compliments to member Greg Bishop for a complete investigation.


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFOB (Information Only)
Source: ATIC bulletin, Mar & Apr 65

3 April 1965
Whitley Island, Wash.

Wailing Light in Washington

"It was like a science-fiction thing you see on TV," said Donald Peterson of Seattle, Washington, of the object he, his wife and another couple observed while staying at the Peterson's cabin on Whitley Island, Washington.

On the night of the 3rd of April 1965 the two couples were outside when they heard a wailing noise like a dog howling.

"It is usually so quiet up there that we noticed it once," Peterson told reporters later.

Peterson first saw a reflection in the water, then looked up and saw a bright object apparently hovering over the Lake in the direction of Derection and Olga. He looked at it through a rifle scope but could see no details because of its brilliance. Peterson then shot his rifle into the air to see if that had any effect.

Apparently didn't. Fifteen minutes later the bright object disappeared leaving clusters of different-colored lights behind.


- page 19 -

NICAP MASSACHUSETTS INVESTIGATING SUBCOMMITTEE
23 Friend Court, Wenham, Massachusetts

SUBJECT: UFO Report, Valley Falls, N.Y. - 4 April 1965
DATE:    28 April 1965
FROM:    Raymond E. Fowler
          Chairman: NICAP Mass. Investigating Subcommittee
TO:      NICAP
          1536 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
          Washington, D.C.
          Attn: Richard Hall

          cc: USAF (AFSC-FTD)

The attached report provides information concerning a UFO sighting on 4 April 1965, 10:15 AM EST at Valley Falls, New York by Mr. Giffard.

Mr. Giffard has specifically requested that his name not appear in any publication. His reason for this is because he is not familiar with NICAP and its bulletin.

I would suggest that the latest copy of the "UFO INVESTIGATOR" be sent to him from NICAP headquarters along with a request to use his name if it is decided that his report is worthwhile publishing.

Respectfully submitted,
[Signed]
Raymond E. Fowler
NICAP Investigator

REF/ref


- page 20 -

