Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
6 Aug 65 07/0152

2. LOCATION
Washington, DC

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 - 3 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NW

8. PHOTOS
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (meteor) but not
Meteor (specific)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observation of object occurred over than a meteor in Northern
sky. Lay Flight is strong, west to east. The object at tail
speed passed over observer's location. Greenish-white color.
Vague impression of height and speed. Seemed to have electric
electric spark, will require 2 reports of this light.
Tapering, will move slowly, more or less or object.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Mrs. Hunt/man/SAFOICC/7284e/26 Jul 65

Dear Miss [redacted]

JUL 27 1965

This is in reply to your report of an aerial object which you could not identify on the night of 6 March 1965.

Your description of the object, its flight characteristics, and the duration of two to three seconds are in accordance with reports of meteor observation. The type of meteor which you observed was a fireball and was lower in altitude than the meteors which you have previously observed.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

[Redacted] Street, N. W.
Washington, D. C. 20006

[A table at the bottom of the page is mostly blank, with "COORDINATED By (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date)" printed at the top]

Bottom of page notes:
Record cy - SAFOI-2
Comack cy - SAFOI-2
Reader cy - SAFOI-1
Activity cy - SAFOI-2
Clayback


- page 2 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEN/UFO
SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 6 Mar 65, Washington, D C                    13 Apr 65

TO: Hq USAF SAPOI-CC (Mrs[REDACTED])
    Wash D C  20330

1. Reference the attached letter from [REDACTED] requesting
information on her observation of 6 Mar 65. The following is
provided in order that a reply may be made to her:

a. We have not received any additional reports from 6 Mar 65
in the Washington D C area. The picture drawn by Mrs [REDACTED]
well as the description of the object and its flight characteristics
and the duration of two to three seconds are in accord with many
previous reports of meteor observations. This type of meteor was
a fireball and lower in altitude than the meteors she has previously
observed.

2. We wish to express our appreciation for her reporting this
observation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

1 Atch
a/s

[Handwritten logo/symbol at bottom with text: "YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!"]


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Letterhead Address]
Street, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20006

Office: Pan American Union
Washington, D.C.

March 9, 1965

Project Blue Book
Information Officer
Headquarters, U.S. Air Force
(SAF-OIPI)
Washington, D.C. 20330

Dear Sir:

P.S. Do I get an acknowledgement after all
this trouble to make a clear record) to
indicate if you wish such reports sent in?

P.S. Please find enclosed attempt at
picture of object seen

Last Saturday I saw what seemed to be an unidentifiable object swerving across
the sky, so I wish to submit the following report for your records. Although I have
no idea whether you welcome such reports, a gentleman at the Naval Observatory gave
me the above address with the remark that my report should be sent to you, by mail
rather than telephone. Do you have any standard form for reporting such things? If
so, please send me one, so that I can adjust my report to the form and can advise
other people who come to me saying they have also seen objects of the kind described.

REPORT ON FLYING OBJECT

1. Was it similar to comet, meteor, meteorite or satellite? No, I have seen this
type of distant body and it was not similar. It was obviously nearer, had a
more rapid motion and a different shape and color.

2. The informant's physical condition: No, I was calm and alert, not under
influence of any drug or ill health condition.

3. When did you see it? March 6, 1965 some time between 8:30 and 9:00 p.m.
Where was it in the sky?

4. Where were you when you sighted the object? At Street, northwest, near the
corner of 22nd Street, on the southern side of the street looking northward
toward the Grant School Playground. The object was in the lower northern sky.

5. Did anyone else join you in seeing the same object at the same time? No, there
was no one near to me in the block. (However, I entered the grocery there and
the owner told me he had seen the same thing on an earlier date.)

6. Describe as exactly as possible what the object seemed to be: It seemed to be a
brilliant, smallish "like object" the form could be described as a rounded like an
electric light bulb. The blue color was the same blue as an electric spark.
Toward the rear end, that is just beyond the middle of the circular body, there
seemed to be spurts of white light. A trail of white light extended out from the
rear. The tapering trail ended abruptly.

7. Describe apparent size, speed, and course of object: As to size, looking in the
lower west at the new moon I found the diameter of the moon to be approximately
equal or slightly more than the over-all length of the object. As to speed, it
velocity seemed comparable to that of rapidly falling fireworks; it did not appear
like a streak; it was not blurred, but clearly outlined. In from 2 to 3
seconds it had appeared and then disappeared from sight, perhaps behind houses, but
I thought it was higher than the houses, perhaps behind cloud. Regarding its
course, I did not see it "coming into sight" but looked up finding it right
opposite me, over the east end of Grant School Playground, it seemed to be
traveling northwest and I have same impression it was traveling, not over a
line course, but it seemed to swerve more northward.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature is blacked out]


- page 4 -

Text found in the document:

Moon 5x

The image appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or illustration in black and white, showing what seems to be a curved or elongated object with a bright white area in its center, with an oval label at the bottom reading "Moon 5x".


- page 5 -

Enclosure for 3/9/65 letter to
Project Blue Book


- page 6 -

Department of Statistics
Pan American Union
Washington, D.C.

Project Blue Book
Information Officer
Headquarters U.S. Air Force (SAF-Y OIPB)
Washington, D.C. 20330

There is a postmark stamp dated 9 MAR 1965 and a partially obscured stamp in the upper right corner that appears to read "MAI CHIL DENTAL H".

There is also a handwritten signature or notation across the middle of the document.


- page 7 -

