PROJECT BLUE BOOK RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 4 Sep 65  05/0902

2. LOCATION: Cleveland, Ohio

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 33 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: N/A

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: A/C (WITH ADVERTISING LIGHT)
Evaluated as a/c pending additional data.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Red, green and white object with windows jumping around in the sky. See letter and form 164.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? While traveling at a fairly fast speed, it just disappeared directly down out of sight, without a definite pattern.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes NO Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: a tall chimney of a factory

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: but hearing at had a soft high sound
b. Color: a dark metallic

We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Sketch is a down to the minimum size

18. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The document includes four hand-drawn sketches labeled:
1st Position - Contact Tilted
2nd Position - Object Level
Object in Flight]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? 150' to 200'

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. inside a building
b. in a car
c. Outdoors
d. in an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other Industrialactory(sic)

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East               e. South             g. West
b. Northeast            d. Southeast          f. Southwest         h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes   No        e. Binoculars         Yes   No
b. Sun glasses          Yes   No        f. Telescope          Yes   No
c. Windshield           Yes   No        g. Theodolite         Yes   No
d. Window glass         Yes   No        h. Other: regular eyesight

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

"Pale, revolving in the sky the object reminded me of a beautiful diamond bracelet with its brilliancy. Clear as carnival carousel, thin while floating away - a fleeting white."


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any change in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
no

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Mostly redacted, with "Cleveland, Ohio" partially visible]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Most personal details are redacted, with "Cleveland & Ohio" visible for city/state]

[A paragraph of handwritten text that appears to read:]
Every time I was contacted with the Cleveland Airport, I interviewed several airguest, by telephone, I asked them, if they had seen the object in the sky, they replied that according to regulations no aircraft should be in that area, because a jet ball of game was going on.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
4 Sept. 1965
[Reporting locations include:]
Radio Station in N.Y.C.
Blue Airport
Radio Station in N.H.K.
Cleveland Airport

Page 6 is visible in the top right corner of the document.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    12 October 1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

During the 30 minutes that we watched, the object its light changed from green to red to white. Its actions as it retraced its path then go forward from slow to fast, then to a crawl and then speed up and suddenly stop, and the right angles it made were amazing to my family. They remarked that to take such rest the pilot had too much to drink. My impression of the object while I watched was that it acted as though it was excited about something.

At 10:30 P.M. my son and his family started to go home, and as they left the driveway the object started to come toward us. My first thought was to call my son while he was driving, but decided not to startle him or his family were in the car. I took my position in the yard.

The object stopped in front of a tall chimney above the railroad tracks opposite our back yard. It was tilted and the windows and brilliant light were the first things seen as it descended. Then it leveled itself and the outline and column separate, the windows were clear.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 8

and distinct, also the dome above and
under the object.

The first 2 minutes we admired the object
and the exclamation that we made during the
3rd minute while the object was maneuvering seem
to phase it away, because suddenly the object
took flight in great speed.

The man called the radio stations and
the second radio station told him that they received
another call about the object and directed him to
call the Airport. Cleveland Hopkins International
Airport called ... some summary and we were told to
write a letter about this experience explaining about
what we saw.

I called my [redacted] and told him what I
saw etc. He told me that as he was driving or
walking toward home, the glanced in the
direction of my home and saw a huge-brilliant
light, above my home, I told him it was close
but the light he saw was in front of the
factory tall chimney.

P.S. On Oct. 9, 1965. While working on question 18 inch
questionnaire, I stepped outside to test the distance
and saw a similar object that stayed in the distance
exactly same position as the other object I had
seen on Sept. 9, 1965.

20 min in view from 10:35 P.M. to 11:25 P.M.


- page 7 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page with some faint markings or artifacts, but no discernible text can be read.


- page 8 -

SEPT. 4, 1965

DRAWN BY [redacted]

9/4/65


- page 9 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top left, partially legible]
Elgel ob'zam—Tung/panel
te telam...nology of shining?

[Center of page]
THIS FOLDER BELONGS
IN
THIS SPACE

[Bottom right]
65'

[Bottom left, partially obscured]
DRAWN BY

Note: Some text is illegible or partially cut off. The image appears to be a document page with mostly blank white space and some handwritten and typed text.


- page 10 -

The only legible text on this page is "Drawn by" in the bottom right corner, with the rest of that line obscured by a black redaction mark.

The page appears to be a blank or mostly blank document page from a Project Blue Book UFO report file, with a white/gray background and a border on the left side.


- page 11 -

Report of phone call made on January 14 to Mrs. [redacted]. The witness, one of several, seemed of good reliability. There is a possibility that the object sighted was an advertising plane flying over a local football field where a game was in progress. Also the description of the trajectory made by the witness did not support this. The fact that this was by only one group of witnesses in a metropolitan area in the early evening of the summer night makes the entire case suspect. It is likely, therefore, that an advertising plane was misidentified as a flying saucer.


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Cleveland 2, Ohio

Dear Sirs,

On the evening of Sept. 4, 1965 at 10 o'clock my family and I noticed a white, moving object in the sky. We thought it was satellites, but as it moved a short distance it stopped and retracted its path. Its light changed from green to red and then to white again.

We were guessing if it was an airplane or a white balloon. When a gust of wind blew the object tumbled against it several times. The object then traveled forward very slowly and with great speed at times. It seemed to have a path and stopped. Then it speeded forward and made a right angle up-wards, retarded it very slowly, then tumbled a short distance, straight down out of sight, then back in view.

After watching for 30 minutes the object traveled swiftly in a straight line toward us. About 216 feet above the railroad track close to a tall chimney of a factory off-set to our left, it stopped.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Rocking in sky
for 2 minutes
on axis partially
clearly, showed oblong
windows with
brilliant light.

Right side up

Traveling very
in great space

DRAWN BY [redacted]

First minute of rocking
looked like string of
lights dangling in
the sky

DRAWN BY [redacted]

The document contains three hand-drawn sketches of what appears to be a UFO or flying object from different angles, with accompanying handwritten notes describing its movement and appearance.


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

en med as. The object was
large and looked like a saucer
saucer coming tel. by way of
strong window with the brilliant
white light shining through the
window. The object revolved
about 3 minutes and then sighted
itself on its side and with great
speed it retaced to path back
toward the lake and then out of view.
For details and measurements
of size may see. Charles will supply
this information.

The two sketch views drawn
by Charles minutes after seeing the
object.

The other sheet has so what was

Top

Yours Truly,
M.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

SEPT 4, 1963

Object in Flight

1st. Position

2nd. Position

9:46 Object Headway in Sky

1st. Position
object tilted

2nd. Position
object tilted

DRAWN BY [redacted]

DRAWN BY [redacted]

The document contains hand-drawn sketches of an unidentified flying object in two different positions and orientations, with annotations describing the object's appearance and movement.


- page 16 -

FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
1 October 1965

Mrs.
Cleveland 2, Ohio

Dear Mrs.

Reference your unidentified observation of 4 Sep 65. The information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 17 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
4   Sept   1965
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 10    00
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One)  A.M.   or  P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One)  a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

4. (Circle One)  a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

5. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Partially obscured/blacked out text]
Near or at Town    State or Country

6. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5    33
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

6.1 How was time in sight determined?
[Handwritten text appears difficult to fully read]

6.2 Was object in sight continuously?  Yes   No

7. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Clear            a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)  a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

a. As a light
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
a. diamond

12. The edge of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 19 -

