The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with the text "File 9984 October 1965 Oklahoma Reports 1 Photo" typed at the top.

File 9984
October 1965 
Oklahoma Reports
1 Photo

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a black and white image of a rural landscape with small buildings and trees in the foreground, and hills or mountains in the distance.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14

UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS

27 DECEMBER 1964

1. The Air Force has conducted a comprehensive study of unidentified aerial objects. Significant findings are:

a. No unidentified aerial object has ever given any indication of a threat to our national security.

b. There is no evidence that any of the unidentified aerial objects reported to Project Blue Book represent technological developments or principles beyond the range of present-day scientific knowledge.

c. There has been no evidence indicating that unidentified aerial objects are extraterrestrial vehicles.

2. The primary objectives of the Air Force investigation of unidentified aerial objects are:

a. To determine if unidentified aerial objects constitute a threat to the security of the United States.

b. To collect, evaluate, and distribute technical data concerning unidentified aerial objects.

3. Unidentified aerial objects have been classified in various ways:

a. Identified - Objects which have been determined to be familiar or known objects.

b. Unidentified - Objects which do not fit into the above category and cannot be definitely identified by available evidence.

4. The Air Force concludes that:

a. The files of Project Blue Book do not indicate that unidentified aerial objects constitute a direct physical threat to national security.

b. There is no evidence that unidentified aerial objects represent technological developments or principles beyond the range of modern scientific knowledge.

c. There is no evidence that unidentified aerial objects are extraterrestrial vehicles.

d. The Air Force will continue to investigate reported unidentified aerial objects which may have some national security implication, collecting and analyzing all available data. This is done to insure that any potential threat to the security of the United States is recognized and met.

- page 2 -

