PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
5 June 65 06/0432

2. LOCATION
Allentown, Pennsylvania

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
IMAGINATION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object with trail of fire exploding. Curved trajectory included
a 70° turn.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Several Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Maneuver

COMMENTS: Form 164 sent in response to basic letter reporting observation. Data returned included additional sightings and indicated that time passage further dated the original data. Witness age 78 old. No additional reports this date from Penna., or surrounding area of this diary object in the sky. Specific to two motion sequence requested. Witness quality of data extremely poor. Duration increased from several seconds to one minute. It is believed that the witness did see something to trigger the report, however the facts and interpretations of what was actually observed have become so distorted than further inquiry would not be of value. It is possible that a fireball or bolide meteor was sighted and the imagination of the witness was led to the following report.

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few X
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember X

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky X
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry X
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid X
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light X
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter X
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
half as bright as moon, color blue-green color

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined X
d. Don't remember

e. Other: Very clear

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   (No)  Don't know
Yes   (No)  Don't know
Yes   (No)  Don't know
Yes   (No)  Don't know
Yes   (No)  Don't know
Yes   (No)  Don't know
Yes   (No)  Don't know


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object exploded, leaving an object like an oblong rectangle extended from sphere on this angle.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No X   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No X   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound
b. Color: Pale gold

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note the much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 1/4 match stick - 6 inches, X inches.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with notes about its shape, edges, and movement is included on the page.]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Maybe about 5 miles away. 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   Not was close.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors X
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? X
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No    a. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No    b. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No    g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No    h. Other ___________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A cylinder, with cone on top and bottom.


- page 4 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
(About) 1952, Conn. Allentown area, about 4 or 5 homes, looked like a golden egg, with omnibus all around -

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses: Cannot give you any names. People on the street stood for hours watching. There were people at the windows moving to his or earth. I also saw odd transparent spheres. Pear shaped on enormous sky surfaces. I saw

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] Allentown, Pennsylvania
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]   AGE: 63   SEX: female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent:
Well, I have some information I can give you about the moon, due to an experience I had a few years ago, but hesitated and still hesitate about it, because you might consider me a crackpot. However, I go this information to Professor Puett of [remainder partially illegible]

33. When and to whom did you report this sighting?
2 0 [illegible]   Nov   1958   [remainder of text illegible]


- page 6 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   8   September   1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I have sent notifications of all the sightings. I mention to the defense department, but they were never acknowledged before. I also notify our local newspapers. If there is anything else I can tell you I'll be glad to.

Sincerely,

[Name redacted]


- page 7 -

Duke University
THE PARAPSYCHOLOGY LABORATORY
COLLEGE STATION
DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA
U.S.A.

Nov. 28-53

Mrs. [Redacted]
Allentown, Pennsylvania

Dear Mrs. [Redacted]:

Thank you for sending this laboratory an account of your unexplained experience. I wish it were possible to reply personally to all who wrote, but the response to the request has been so generous that this is not practicable.

These occurrences from everyday life are the spontaneous events in nature which have given us some of our main questions for research. While we do not try to draw final conclusions from such experiences, we do use them in large numbers for any new ideas they may afford us in guiding future inquiries. We are grateful, therefore, for your reports, which are of course confidential, and would welcome others you may have or may persuade your friends to send us.

Unfortunately our research is not yet at a stage at which answers to all the questions raised are available. However, if you are interested in reading something about the work in parapsychology, we would be glad to send you an introductory pamphlet and a list containing references for further reading.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature Redacted]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Dr. McNamara
Washington, DC

Dear Mr. McNamara,

I don't know where to send some information that I have regarding an unidentified object. It could be a quiet moment on a flying saucer. I don't wish. On Saturday night about 1920 I was on my back porch trying to get some fresh air as it was hot and also to gauge at the moon, which was in the west, straight ahead of me. It was a clear, still night, and all of a sudden toward my right side a golden half/sphere going west, coming from the east, it went straight for a second (then) then turned north, then west, again like arc(?) the speed was slow, it looked like a ball rolling on a floor, then it effected and (over)

The document appears to be a handwritten letter dated June 7-65 from Allentown, PA, describing a UFO sighting.


- page 9 -

strange flame shaped in this form of an oblong, then in a second it petted out. The object looked like golden sun, about 5 inches wide, round like an orange, it made no sound, even with the apprehension, was at low ceiling (by low ceiling) I mean at most high in the sky.

A few years ago I saw a green flying one a curve like this, but the green object was small in the comparison.

Sincere G.


- page 10 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

at 11:30 pm
Allentown, Pa

EAST

my point of
my home

established
plane

motion of
sphere or
object

relative
nearly
noted


- page 11 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

5 JUN 65
ALLENTOWN, PA.

FED (UNCLR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio - A5133
1 July 1965

[Most of the document is too illegible to read clearly due to poor image quality and heavy black/dark areas obscuring the text. Only fragments of text are visible, such as "HECTOR QUILLARILLI" and some other partial words, but not enough to confidently reproduce full sentences.]


- page 12 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDESW
SUBJECT: UFO Sightings, 5 Jun 65, Allentown, Pennsylvania

TO: Hq USAF SAFOTCO (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

1. This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report from Miss _______ of Allentown, Pennsylvania. The following is a suggested reply:

a. Dear Miss _______:

Your letter to Secretary McNamara has been forwarded to the Air Force for evaluation. Evaluation of your sighting, 5 June 1965, is not possible without further information; we need to know the total duration of the sighting, variation in apparent speed of the object, and particularly the time taken to execute the curved portion of the flight and the radius of curvature of the trajectory.

In the absence of this necessary information it seems possible that the curved trajectory may have been an illusion and that the object might have been a fireball.

In order that we may make a film evaluation on your observation, it is requested that you fill out the attached FTD Form 164.

2. The witness states that the object was perfectly round which, if true, rules out the above hypothesis. Therefore, request that your office forward an FTD Form 164 with a letter to Miss _______.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

(Stamped date: AUG 24 1965)


- page 13 -

Mrs. Hum/man/SAFOIC/7284/2 Sep 65

SEP - 7 1965

[Most of the text in the body of the document is illegible due to poor image quality]

At the bottom of the document:

1 Inch
FED Form 164
Allentown, Pennsylvania

[Routing/tracking information at bottom right:]
Coded cy - SAFOIC-2
Consult cy - SAFOIC-2
Reader cy - SAFOIC-1
Activity cy - SAFOIC-2
Strayback


- page 14 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

SEP - 7 1965

Dear Miss

Your letter to the Secretary of Defense regarding unidentified flying objects has been referred to this office for evaluation.

The following information is needed before an evaluation can be made of your report:

a. Total duration of the sighting.
b. Variation in apparent speed of the object.
c. The time it took to execute the curved position of the flight.
d. The radius of curvature of the trajectory.

It is requested that you complete the attached FTD Form 164 as fully as possible and return it to this office so that we can make a firm evaluation of your report.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
FTD Form 164

Miss
Allentown, Pennsylvania


- page 15 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Can't remember date. Check letter of sighting event.

2. Time of day: Letter, Immediately or 02:00 (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving, b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Out on my back porch - 1st floor
Allentown, Pennsylvania

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined: By own check
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright X           a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you, b. In back of you, c. To your right, d. To your left, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 16 -

