There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

11 July 65 12/03002
Summerset, Pennsylvania
AIRCRAFT
Evaluated as an aircraft observation. No data presented to indicate object was NOT an aircraft.
Object was solid. Was very bright, moving very fast. Object moved from 5 to 7 in 2 1/2 minutes.
Ground-Visual (SX-TX)
West
NO
NO

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire regarding an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes only. The information will not be used for any propaganda, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 2 - 12 JULY 1965
2. Time of day: 9 - 45 P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? SUMMERSET, PENN. Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 30 min Certain Not very sure Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY Bright a. Partly Cloudy NIGHT b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire or form filled out.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Bright dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Partly cloudy
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Stormy
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
A.: Yes

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire filled out by an observer of a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

O. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Q. Very fast 
A. Estimated about 200 to 300 miles for 30 min.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Q. Very higth
A.      

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast 
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No 
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch/diagram with a curved line representing the horizon and a compass rose. The instructions ask the observer to imagine they are at the point shown and place markers on the sketch to indicate the observed movement of the object. There is no photograph present in this image.

OCR output of the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
A. Object moved from E to W
B. Horizontal changes and altitude changes

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Transcribed text:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Dean
ADDRESS: Somerset, Penn.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: [redacted]
SEX: [redacted]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? A.F. Command
Buys date Jul 12 1950 last seen

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report, with a handwritten entry in the lower half of the image.

Page 7
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sightings.
Mr. Zapanio requested a letter from the U.S. advising him of their findings.

- page 8 -

