Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 6/1964

2. LOCATION: Baltimore, Maryland

3. SOURCE: Civilian (10 yr old)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 min

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: Stationary

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

FTD SEA 164-0529 (TDE)

10. CONCLUSION: UNKMOWN

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Sighted on ground and at nine inches above ground in October 1964, 10 yr old reported. Object was a round, silvery-white disc about 15" in diameter. Observed disc 3 yards ? 3 yds. Little people inside object. Landed near old farm house. Witness picked up object and smoke followed old cat. Object like a very large egg.

Note: To date, transmittal to ATIC could NOT have been a minimization of an aircraft with complicated and unresolved implications of the 10 yr old report. Form 164, no similar reports. No world reports. Incident was on the Form 164, and this report is to be included in the Interview 2 Jan mile.

Previous edition of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. New
b. As low
c. Dizzy
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. (Clear)
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vague

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Appear to move up and rush away at any time?
c. Seem to spin or rotate?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 1

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, there were smoke blending out and it came back

15. Did the object behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) (Yes) No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what

It moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes (No)   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of...

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Able got with were very faint alike were light
b. Color Yellowish or red

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
about half of the object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place on arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple sketch of an oval/elliptical shape is drawn on the page]


- page 3 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. From an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           e. South
b. Northeast       f. Southwest
c. East            g. West
d. Southeast       h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No     e. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No     f. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No     g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window-glass    Yes   No     h. Other

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

[Handwritten text appears to be partially illegible]


- page 4 -

27. In this following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "G" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

Offutten Area near O'Lohn

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes   No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted/blacked out text]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Most personal details are redacted/blacked out]

AGE: 16     SEX: Male

33. When and to when did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially legible date, appears to be in 1965]

The rest of the personal information sections are blacked out/redacted.


- page 6 -

This appears to be an envelope or document with some partially legible text and postal markings. The text I can discern includes:

Postmark with date (partially visible)
Some handwritten text on the right side of the document, though not fully legible

There is a large black redaction/censorship mark on the left side of the document.

At the bottom right corner, there are some faint text lines that are mostly illegible.

The document appears to be an official communication or report, likely related to the Project Blue Book UFO investigation referenced in the filename.


- page 7 -

Headquarters/Baltimore
Date: 22 Mar 65

Dear [redacted]:

Reference is made to the Wound 20 report which you forwarded to this Air Force for evaluation.

This report did not contain sufficient information to warrant its being forwarded to ATIC, Dayton, Ohio for analysis.

Sincerely,

[Signature block is redacted]
Baltimore, Maryland, 21213


- page 8 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Folder in re mass concen-
sation of sighted chro-
nolo-

in a little after
the for me a report in the actual
left your findings it would
help your procedure to
address here in copy.

Balt. Md. 21235

Note: Some words are partially illegible or obscured by black redaction marks. I have transcribed only the text that is clearly visible.


- page 9 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

ALWAYS USE
YOUR ZIP CODE

Department of the Air Force
100 Washington, D.C.
SAFOR

There is a postage stamp in the top right corner of the document with a profile of a person facing to the right.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

To whom it may concern:
Today at the warehouse this and
[partially obscured text]
saw an unidentified flying
object, it went very far in
the sky and suddenly does drop
and disappear for several
sec.

Then we saw this dark flying
thing that glided similar to an
airplane, suddenly it went
straight ahead and the angle
of the tail went straight over.
Finally, we saw this object
flying with a short tail of
smoke following behind. It
suddenly the smoke disappear
then a word after that
became the object disappear
[partially obscured text]
Baltimore, Md. 21215-6000


- page 11 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

The National Aeronautics and Space
Administration
Washington 25, D.C.

There are also some partially legible markings and postal markings, but the text above is the most clearly readable text on the page.


- page 12 -

Some text is legible, but large portions of the document are obscured by black redaction marks. The legible text appears to be a typewritten document with multiple paragraphs. However, due to the extensive redaction, I cannot confidently reproduce the full text. The page number "13" is visible in the top left corner of the document.


- page 13 -

The text I can read from the document is partially legible:

To [illegible word]
[several lines are mostly illegible, with only fragments of words visible]
...with little preparation...
...drawing our plans because...
...take of pace and send...
...determine in just you
...apply to-:

At the bottom of the page, clearly visible is:
Baltimore, Md. 21215

There is a large black redaction/censorship bar in the middle of the document.


- page 14 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
    Date: June 1965

2. Time of day: 5:25 P.M.

3. Time Zone:
    (Circle One): a. Eastern
                 b. Central
                 c. Mountain
                 d. Pacific
                 e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    Near Westingport, near Baltimore, Md.
    (Nearest Point Address)     (City or Town)       (State or County)

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours: 0   Minutes: 15   Seconds: 45

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Approximately

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY:                   NIGHT:
    a. Clear                a. Dark
    b. Cloudy               b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One): a. In front of you
                  b. Behind you
                  c. To your right

                  d. To your left
                  e. Overhead
                  f. Don't remember


- page 15 -

