The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or report from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) during the 1950s and 1960s.

The text in the document is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 4 July, 55 04/13/02
2. LOCATION: Massillon, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1.5 minute
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: SE
8. PHOTOS: D Yes - X No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: D Yes - X No
10. CONCLUSION: FIRECTORS
Possibly exploding car cover, exploded.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Silver-white circular object observed to SE from NW. Straight up-and-down motion, followed by bright, flashing red and blue. Sighting during bright daylight. Very plane-like. Quick departure.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was the U.S. Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NONE

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES  NO
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES  NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: Way West Massillon, OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 28
SEX: FEMALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? [REDACTED] 5/18/65

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book report. The image shows a typed form with handwritten text in response to the question "Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire."

The text output from the OCR process on this page is:

"  13 July 1965
The Akron Canton Reppoct is approkimately 15 miles from here and the planes ofteng come over the house.  On the night of July the phone was ringing and the object was about as high as a plane is usually.   It was round and quite large and was there for several minutes.  I would say it was very high and quite bright."

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Mrs Hunt/man/SAF0100/72S42/10 Aug 65
AUG 10 1965

The document appears to be a letter addressed to someone, requesting them to report their observation from 4 July, as it should be attached to the standard form as fully as possible.

The letter is signed by J.E. Gillham, USAF Chief, Community Relations Division, Office of Information.

The bottom portion of the image contains a form with titles for "COORDINATED By (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date)", but the form is otherwise blank.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter describing a UFO sighting.

The text of the letter is as follows:

"Wednesday, July 17
Massillon, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

I am writing in regards to the flying saucer which many have seen over Tuscarawas County.

At approximately 9:40 A.M. on July 4th, I saw a saucer. It was hot and humid, and the object was bright, silvery and circular. The object was moving in a straight line and the U.F.O. was plainly visible, as it wasn't flying at a high altitude, but was flying rather fast.

I told my neighbors about it.

I also told father, who saw it myself on that same day.

Another man named Overton read about it in the newspaper and called me to say he also saw it that same day.

I wonder if you have any investigations about this occurrence.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]"

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned image of an envelope addressed to "Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Headquarters, Dayton, Ohio".

Text from the document:
Massillon Ohio
JULL 15 1965
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Headquarters
Dayton, Ohio
EW

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" form that was used to gather details about UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified serial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will be used in connection with any statements, unless you specify that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 11 July 1965
2. Time of day: 8:40 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Way West - Massillon, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? (Circle One): a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes x No
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Day: clear b. Night: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document dated July 22, 1965.

RESPONSE FOR UFO INFORMATION, MR. US USAF SAPOICO (MRS. BUNT)
MASSILON, OHIO D.C. 20330

Reference is made to the attached letter from Mr. ___ requesting information on unidentified flying objects. In reply:

The markings on the ground in a wheat field in Carroll County are not associated with UFO reports. This incident was handled by civilian authorities in this area.

Should you desire to report your observation of 4 July, the attached form provides the Air Force investigation of this phenomena to date.

2. CONCLUSION:
O.STONE

ORIGINATOR: O. STONE
DESO/UFO JST DAVISON N MOODY 22 JUL 65

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a series of questions and multiple-choice answers.

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _______________________

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with handwritten responses.

TRANSCRIPTION:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It disappeared while changing to a steady and flying straight up.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Silver white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? My head would have covered the entire object at arm's length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(The image provided shows a hand-drawn sketch of an oval-shaped object with no additional details or trails.)

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with various questions and answers related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 200-300 miles per hr.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 mile or less

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In the open
c. In a car
d. Outdoors
e. In an airplane (type)
f. At sea
g. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes (NO)
b. Sun glasses Yes (NO)
c. Windshield Yes (NO)
d. Window glass Yes (NO)
e. Binoculars Yes (NO)
f. Telescope Yes (NO)
g. Theodolite Yes (NO) 
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Two places high-up, black to black, toward the east.

- page 12 -

