PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
1 September 65 02/0532z

2. LOCATION
Bakersfield, California

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Probably A/C

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One (3 Lights)

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Few Minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Three lights, one in front two trailing along with another A/C. A/C had red green lights, this triangle of lights was yellowish orange. Up to were not bright. Appeared as though they were shifting through haze.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
N/A

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

TDEW
UFO Sightings, Bakersfield, California

Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

Reference the attached letter from _______, requesting information on his recent unidentified observations. The first observation of August 1965 is very similar to an observation of an infra-red photo mission. The color or the lights, slow speed, low altitude and the noise are all characteristic of this type of observation. The noise is caused by a generator used in operating the equipment. The second sighting of 1 September could be caused by test aircraft at high altitude as Mr. _______ suggests.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF                1 Atch
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems               1 ltr

ORIGINATOR: TDEW/UFO            Maj H Quintanilla, Jr            DATED 23 SEP 65


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Bakersfield, Calif.
September 10, 1965

U. S. Department of the Air Force,
U.F.O.,
Washington,D.C.

Gentlemen:

I have been rather hesitant about writing this letter, feeling that you know what it is all about but after thinking it over if you don't know then you should.

About a month ago I was sleeping outside with two of the children. At 4:30 AM I was awakened by a very loud noise which I would say was caused by a propeller driven aircraft with adjustable pitch props which can make such a racket in the sky. Then I saw a very slow flying aircraft just starting to my disappear over the rooftop. I would guess it wasn't flying faster than 150 MPH and any higher than 500 feet. Had I spoken moments earlier I could have observed it directly overhead.

The plane was equip with what appeared to be very large yellow-orange or orange-yellow lights pointed toward the round and arranged in this fashion. The lights did not flicker or cast a beam and while being circular seemed to have a fuzzy edge. I should have ran around to the other side of the house and looked but I am sorry I didn't.

On the evening of September 1st, 1965, I was sitting in the back yard enjoying the cool evening and watching the sky for shooting stars etc. To the N.W. I noticed the red and green lights of a very high flying plane and it seemed to be going so fast I watched it for a little while until it was directly overhead. I could hear no noise and the lights were sparkling clear although appearing very small due to the height. Then the plane was directly overhead I nearly fell out of my chair when I saw the triangle of lights flying right along side of the red and green lights, at exactly the same speed and probably the same height. The red and green lights were off to the side a little, though, perhaps 1/4 miles at that height. The yellowish-orange of the lights (?) were not sparkling but rich and appeared as though I was looking at them through a white haze although the sky was perfectly clear. Had I not been concentrating on the jet lights I never would have seen them. They may have been moving at 1000 MPH although there was a sonic boom but after they were past the familiar jet noise came through slightly. If I had not a similar low altitude I would have thought it was three flying objects but I am sure they were mounted on one aircraft, with a fairly good wingspan, by reason was that we have some thin, very fast moving, low altitude, high and slow speeds. Maybe a detector of some type, electronic or otherwise, or photographic perhaps; perhaps the jet was remotely controlled. The UFO, or who knows, trying to identify it. Edwards isn't too far to the SE from here, 50 miles or so by air, I guess, and every so often I see odd goings on in the sky which I always figure is a test of some kind from there.

Very truly yours,

[Signature redacted]


- page 3 -

December 23, 1963

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in reply to your letter of December 3, 1963, in which you submitted information with respect to a theory on Unidentified Flying Objects.

The theories you express are based on assumptions which do not exist. To date there has been no evidence to support the contention that UFOs are from outer space. All evidence received to date indicates that these objects are natural phenomena or misinterpretation of some conventional object.

The Air Force does not deny the existence of intelligent life on other planes. There has been no evidence submitted to or discovered by the Air Force to prove that such life exists. Those who believe in the existence of "Flying Saucers" do so by faith; the Air Force bases its stand on fact. And the fact is that not one fact or evidence has even been presented to prove that extraterrestrial intelligent beings, flying vehicles from other planets, have visited the earth.

With respect to your comment on your son's transfer to a base in California, we have inquired of our Personnel offices and have been informed that a request for reassignment must be initiated by your son and submitted through his immediate commander. This policy is set forth so that the commander will have full knowledge of all actions being taken regarding the airmen assigned to his command. The field commander has been requested to counsel your son and assist him in the preparation of any request he may desire to submit.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Public Information

Mr. [redacted]
Bakersfield, California


- page 4 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
USAF MILITARY PERSONNEL CENTER
RANDOLPH AIR FORCE BASE, TEXAS 78148

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFPPTAE

17 DEC 1962

SUBJECT: ADC John J. Haberman AF 16-9939

TO: HQ USAF (SAFOI)

1. The following information is furnished on which to base a reply
to that portion of _______ letter concerning reassignment of
this man.

2. A request for reassignment must be initiated by the serviceman
himself and submitted through his immediate commander. This policy
is set forth in AFR 39-10, which will have full knowledge of all
actions being taken regarding the airman assigned to his command.

3. To be of assistance the field commander has been requested to
counsel airman Haberman and advise him in the preparation of any
request he may desire to submit.

[Signature]
Proceedings & Special Actions Division
Directorate of Military Personnel

[Partially obscured additional text on right side of document]


- page 5 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: Hq USAF SAF-OIPB (Mrs Gaiser)
Wash 25 D C

1. Reference the attached letter dated 3 Dec 63, requesting information on unidentified flying objects. Our records indicate no previous correspondence from him.

2. The following information is provided to assist in a reply to Mr Haberman.

a. The theories expressed by Mr [redacted] are based on assumptions which do not exist. To date there has been no evidence to support the contention that UFO's (Flying Saucers) are from outer space. All evidence received to date, indicates that these objects are natural phenomena or misinterpretation of some conventional object.

b. The Air Force does not deny the existence of intelligent life on other planets. There has been no evidence submitted to or discovered by the Air Force to prove this contention. The heart of the disagreement between those who believe in "Flying saucers" and the Air Force stems from the fact that the believers base their firm stand on faith. The Air Force, of course, objectively approaches its stand from the standpoint of fact. To date there has not been one iota of evidence presented to prove that extraterrestrial intelligent beings flying vehicles from other planets have visited the earth.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
dtd 3 Dec 63


- page 6 -

December 10, 1963

Dear Mr.

This is in reply to your letter of December 3, 1963, in which you have submitted a theory relative to electromagnetism and Unidentified Flying Objects.

We are sending your letter to our Foreign Technology Division for an evaluation of your theory. Upon completion of their estimation, we will advise you further.

We are also asking the Director of Military Personnel to advise us as to your son's current status and will notify you of their reply as soon as it is received.

Sincerely,

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information

Mr.
Bakersfield, California


- page 7 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

December 10, 1963

MEMORANDUM FOR DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF, PERSONNEL
ATTENTION: DIRECTOR OF MILITARY PERSONNEL
SUBJECT: Airman Second Class John C. Haberman,
AF 19639939

Attached is a copy of a letter from Mr
_______, which, as a postscript, he requests infor-
mation as to the possibility of his son, Airman Second
Class _______ being returned

It is requested that this office be furnished
information on which to base a reply to Mr_______

MASTON M. JACKS
Major, USAF
Deputy Chief, Pictorial Branch
Public Information Division
Office of Information

1 Attachment
Copy of ltr dtd Dec 3, 1963


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are difficult to read due to image quality, so I will transcribe what I can clearly make out]

[Top of page appears to have some letterhead or address information, but it is not fully legible]

Following the passage, as well as might, we might, hope and expect to make some progress in clarifying and more fully submit to you some information.

Electricity is undoubtedly no matter where it is it has the same components, and changes are made by man. We know, for example, that we have nearly 50 years, 20 resistance, and certain conditions, at least under very definite circumstances, can develop a condition which we have developed a method, even might have a mechanism, that will, "if" resistance free as possible, might be used to produce certain results.

[The rest of the text becomes increasingly difficult to read with full confidence. There are several paragraphs that appear to discuss some technical or scientific concepts, but without complete clarity.]

The bottom of the page has several large black redaction/censorship marks obscuring some text.


- page 9 -

