Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
20 July 65  21/004

2. LOCATION
Centerville, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 - 4 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Downward

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
UNKNOWN

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object appearing as a bright white light. Moving at a sharp changing altitude. Slightly more yellow than a star. Blinked at irregular intervals. Traversed apparent 45 degrees in total down toward ground. In the area described from which it came.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Memo for the Record: 21 Jul 65

[Redacted name], Centerville, Ohio called him and several of his friends saw various objects. First one was last night, 20 Jul 65 at approximately 915pm star moving along, traveling across the sky, West to SE. Second object was about 915pm traveling East or NE. Informed him that Pegasus II at 2120 was 34.43 degrees above the horizon moving SE and that at 954 pm Echo I was south of city, 62 degrees above horizon moving SE.

He also saw another object later on, glow of light, gradually went up and was quite confused on the direction, etc. So we suggested send/an PID Form 164. He will fill it out. Has requested that his name not be released.


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
    20    July    1965
    Day    Month    Year

2. Time of Day:    9    40
    (Circle One):    A.M.    or    P.M.

3. Time Zone:
    (Circle One):    a. Central    b. Daylight Saving
                b. Central        c. Standard
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    CENTERVILLE    OHIO
    Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    3-4    
    Hours    Minutes    Seconds

    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    Approximately

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No    X

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY            NIGHT
    a. Day            a. Bright
    b. Cloudy        b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One):    a. In front of you    d. To your left
                b. In back of you    e. Overhead
                c. To your right    f. Don't remember


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Faintly
d. Can't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Can't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vague

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Brighter with white center (perhaps not quite as bright)

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharp or defined
d. Don't remember

c. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change in shape?
f. Change color?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes- The object became to that angular, went on its side and came back on a few seconds after it disappeared (came big as a different point in the sky then when it disappeared)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - White and with a slight test

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick of arm's length in line with a known object and now, how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of this object would have been covered by the match head?
all of the object would have been covered

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn oval shape is included with a note "DISAPPEARED AT THIS POINT"]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other (specifically)

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East               e. South             g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast          f. Southwest         h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ________miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses                     f. Binoculars        Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No      g. Telescope         Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No      h. Theodolite        Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No      i. Other (specify)

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

The object was the shape of a star, but appeared to be slightly larger, yellow, brighter & star normally close.


- page 6 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
This same night, we observed other satellites/figures in and close to the UFO were objects the same night in the satellites, but it seemed we could not get a good coverage.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
CENTERVILLE, OH, OHIO 45459 (ZIP)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] CENTERVILLE, OH, OHIO [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 15 SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Wright Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
22     July     1965

25. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I only wish to emphasize that the sighting of the object occurred at regular intervals.


- page 9 -

