The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be the front page of an old newspaper called the "Middletown Journal" dated Friday, November 5, 1865. The header of the newspaper prominently displays the title "MIDDLETOWN JOURNAL" along with "SPORTS AND VALLEY NEWS" and the page number "THIRTEEN".

MIDDLETOWN JOURNAL 
MIDDLETOWN, OHIO, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1865
SPORTS AND VALLEY NEWS
PAGE THIRTEEN

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a newspaper clipping with a headline that reads "Woman, 3 Girls See Object Land, Take Off". The text below describes an account of a sighting of a strange object landing and then taking off, as witnessed by a woman and three girls in West Middletown, Ohio.

OCR Output:
Woman, 3 Girls See
Object Land, Take Off
Just what in the world went fishing the at Firem.n's Club, and as v^e on Tucker of J28 Young St were informed by someone called out firemen, thore was a group of girls who thought thoy saw a hot metal object like a bell or something land and then take off ag ain. It happened around 6:30
last night and they were like people who don't know exactly what to believe.
They were in West Middletown and had intended to go fishing on the bank of the river. One of the youths said, "What in the world is that?" and the others said, "I think it was an airplane that just came down from the sky."
"It was very bright and flashing," said Mrs. Tucker, who was attracted to the scene by the commotion.
"We were all fascinated and watched as it seemed to be like an airplane that was coming down slowly and when it landed, not on the stirrjfd, but across the river, there was a bluish green light around it, and it left an impression along the river it looked like a Christmas tree."
She said the object was huge and appeared to be completely lit up. There were flames going off and off, she said, as she watched.
"Someone said it smelled like a hot metal oil," she remarked, "and I couldn't see any, but it appeared to ba controlled. It wasn't some kind of helicopter or plane, the lights were different."
She said there was no activity as the strange craft and when we were up there was nothing to see. The others had seen it first from the bank of the river.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a newspaper article or report titled "AF To Hear Saucer Story" discussing an upcoming event where the Air Force will listen to accounts of a UFO sighting in Middletown, Ohio.

AF To Hear
Saucer Story
The Air Force will be in Middletown tomorrow
to hear Mrs. Lucien Tucker, 516 Young St., and investi-
gate her report of seeing an unidentified flying object
last Thursday evening.

Mrs. Tucker, a church organist, told the Middletown
newspaper that just before dark as she was driving into
Middletown, the object came up from the woods about a
mile and a quarter and came down so close to the window
of her car that she could have reached out and touched it.

Mrs. Tucker told the newspaper that she and
three teen-age companions were returning from the
church, and three teen-age companions were entering
the church, when the object was first sighted at 6:15 p.m.
last Thursday as they were turning around at Middletown. The object was followed until it landed under some trees on the Tucker farm, about a quarter-mile away, and then took off. They said the TV picture was knocked off and the lights flickered.

"I intented for awhile and it sounded more like a jet coming," Mrs. Tucker said.

She explained that she thought by more about 10 minutes what she saw has been reported in the local journal earlier this week. Other residents in the area have reported seeing unusual light formations in the area and indeed, something thought was a jet in trouble has been reported to have landed from the north and then departed, according to the newspaper account.

Mrs. Tucker was quoted as saying she and the three teen-age companions had never seen anything like it before. The object was described as being about 40 to 50 feet in diameter, glowing and shooting off sparks. Mrs. Tucker reportedly heard a humming sound and the lights in her house from the north and either landed or hovered - sending out a beam of light.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

R 2013 
12366 j2-6 
12355 
12057 1130 
12066 
12067
_ 4270 .1 12570 227 
12213 FTD 
12616 
12570 
12/T/32

Edward 
8-8-65 
10355

Mr. Seaman

Grier 
park point
2952 m

MLS Taylor

Dayton THIA00:33

43 Mi:
Minburg k 14 mi 
Paden City 42 mi
77 m

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

UFO SIGHTING, MIDDLETOWN, OHIO DEC 10 1965

RE: USAF RADYCC (CB-POINT)

Subject has requested an evaluation of her observation which occurred on 4 November 1965. This is to suggest that BAYOU RELAY this information to her.

The results of our investigation into the sighting on the night of 4 November indicate that the initial phase and possibly some of the subsequent actions of the sighting were substantiated by our own observations. On 4 November 1965 at approximately 7:30 p.m., your daughter observed an object in the sky to the Northeast and the landing runway was on an azimuth of 055 degrees. When we arrived on the scene, bright lights were inspected on the aircraft which were operating at the time, as well as the bright running lights at the local airport.

Although there is a discrepancy of about five minutes in the reported time of the sighting and landing of the aircraft, it is reasonable to assume that this small difference in time would not eliminate this as the cause of the report. Since you were parked on the highway waiting for your daughter at 6:20 and did not observe the object, this tends to indicate that the aircraft at this time was far enough away from the location to prevent it from being easily seen.

The aircraft at this time was far enough away from the strobe and beacon lights to make the smaller lights appear to be hovering and stationary. At this time your car was moved to a point near the runway to observe the aircraft as it turned and flew toward the Northeast. The illumination of the banks and flashing beacons would give an indication of "sparks and flashing" which you compared to a "distinctive maneuver".

There is one point of discrepancy here in the direction reported by you as North. The aircraft was approaching from the Northeast and disappearing to the Northeast, which was not the direction of the indicated track.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR Output:

Of your observation, the jet is making a direct approach toward the air field. At this point you decided to move your car, and the aircraft continued its approach following the road descending for a landing. At this time, the wings and tail lights were clearly defined and the spread of the aircraft could have been observed to be gaining speed. This would constitute the third phase of your sighting consisting of the chase of the object down the road as its constant with your observation of the Aireco jet.

The fourth phase consists of the lights appearing on just above the terrain in the direction when you first sited the aircraft lights on the runway (invisible from that location) as some ground lights on the opposite side of the river. The final phase of your sighting consisting of the lights rising and moving off to the Northwest cannot be explained. the aircraft had landed I have asked you to be watchful for this portion of your sighting. A check was made with the local radar station and no unidentified targets were observed on the night of 1 November. Contact was made with all known military agencies operating helicopters near Middletown, OHIO, and none were in the area at the time of your observation. The brilliant lights as described by you were not observed by other agencies or other aircraft during their approach to the airport. This particular sighting since 1800 EST has no operating control tower. The pilot in his approach to the airport must have observed the other aircraft in his approach but was preoccupied with his landing. Witnesses have reported to us they are familiar with the local landmarks and ground lights adjacent to the air field. No unusual lights were observed. No additional witnesses have reported anything unusual which we can correlate with your sighting.

Our evaluation of your observation is consistent with the above interpretation of the sequence of events associated with your report and the landing of the Gulfstream 377-A. This case will be carried as two separate objects. The first evaluated as an aircraft, and the second disappearing to the Northwest remains unsolved. The

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

Text extracted from the document:

"Additional witness near Gratia which may have observed this or a similar object was not contacted us.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HUME de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

ORIGINATOR: USAY/UFO

TYPED: Grainis de Renne 

DATED: 8-5-65"

- page 7 -

The image appears to contain a map or diagram with a legend. There is no photograph visible in this image.

LEGEND
1. Post Office
2. Manufacturing pattern
3. N.Y.C. & St. Drexel
4. Municipal Hospital
5. 4th Street Sta, No. 1
6. B & O. RAILROAD
7. 1900 Emerson Avenue
8. G. C. Station
9. Lone City L.P. Row
10. 1930 Emerson Avenue
11. Taft & Radio Station
12. Observation Wall St.
13. Pennsylvania Station
14. Municipal Banking Est.
15. Municipal Service Bldg.
16. Park Administration Bldg.
17. Public Library
18. Water Works
19. Public parking lot

- page 8 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a hand-drawn map or diagram showing various geographic features and locations, including "Great Miami", "Hook Field", and "MIAMI". As requested, I will now proceed to perform OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text visible in the image.

GREAT MIAMI
HOOK FIELD
ALLO
LAWN


- page 9 -

The provided image appears to be a hand-drawn map or sketch, but it does not contain any visible photographs. As an OCR system, I will proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

R 1-57
ALLISON DAVlS
PARK
ROSE LAWN
LEE LAND
HEIGHTS
COUNTRYSIDE
MANCHESTER ROAD

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old project Blue Book UFO report document. The image shows a typed letter from the Armco Steel Corporation in Middletown, Ohio, dated November 26, 1965, addressed to Major Hector Quintanilla, U.S.A.F., Chief Project Blue Book, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.

The text of the letter is as follows:

ARMCO STEEL CORPORATION
GENERAL OFFICES - MIDDLETOWN, OHIO 45043

WALTER C. FAGUE
MANAGER AIR TRANSPORTATION

November 26, 1965

Major Hector Quintanilla, USAF
Chief Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio 45433

Dear Sir:

In reply to your letter of 15 November, 1965, with reference to your investigation of an unidentified flying object, I am submitting the following information:

The pilots aboard the Armco Steel Corporation aircraft 11-37-A were interviewed and the unidentified who are employees of the company.

a. There were no unusual lights or other aircraft observed during the approach to the airport.

b. The time of landing was 10:40 EST (23:40Z).

c. The approach path and the aircraft was from the northeast over the field after which a right turn was executed and the aircraft then proceeded westbound until entering a downwind leg on the southwesterly heading in preparation for landing.

d. There is no afterburner used on the engines.

Insofar as there are wing tip and tail flashing strobe lights installed on the aircraft which we operated at the time, as well as top and bottom running lights, nothing unusual helped in your determination.

We hope that the above will be of some assistance to you.

Very truly yours,
[Signature redacted]
Pilot

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a technical document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, which was a historic U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document appears to contain a detailed map or diagram, showing various geographic features and measurements.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

FRANKLIN
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H

- page 12 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. Instead, it appears to be a hand-drawn map or diagram. The map shows various geographic features such as Cascade Lakes, Middletown, and Ward. It also includes a list of information on the left side of the image.

Text Output:
CASCADE LAKES
WEST MIDDLETOWN
WARD
UNITY GOLF
COURSE

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a map or schematic diagram of a city, showing various wards, parks, and other geographical features. There does not appear to be any photograph present in this particular page.

WARD 2
WARD
WARD 4
HARLAN 
PARK
SMITH
WARD
HURBER
ARLINGTON
THE HIGHLANDS

- page 14 -

This image appears to be a detailed map or diagram. There is no photograph present in this particular page. The image contains a map of a local area, including various landmarks, roads, and neighborhoods such as Wildwood Golf Course, Thorn Hill, Williamsdale, Runnymede, and Bachmans Farms.

Now, I will act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and output all the text found in the document:

WILDWOOD GOLF COURSE
THORN
HILL
WILLIAMSDALE
EAST SIDE
FARMS
ALLINGTON
EOCLI0
HEIGHTS
CLINTOH
BACHMAHNS 
SUBS

- page 15 -

The image appears to be a map or diagram, but does not contain any photographs. The image shows a map with various labeled locations and geographical features, including "Stonyhill" and "Thorny Acres". The map also contains a list of information in a table-like format, but no human faces are visible.

STONYHILL
THORNY ACRES
AYERSHIRE SUB.
4-33
QUEEN AVE.
MOUND AVE.
MAIN ST.
LIBERTY ST.
HARRISON AVE.
CENTRAL AVE.
VALLEY ST.
JACKSON AVE.
KENSINGTON AVE.
PARK AVE.
HIGHLAND AVE.
MAIN ST.

- page 16 -

The image appears to be a map or diagram. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

TRANSCRIPTION:

RIVER
MIAMI
GREAT MIAMI
ACRES
ENGLESIDE
EXCELLO

- page 17 -

The image appears to be a map or sketch of a town or area. It shows various landmarks and streets, including a Rolling Mill Park, Garden Farms, and Oneida. There is no photograph present in this image.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

WOODSIDE
CEMETERY
ARMCO STEEL CORP
PLANT SIDE STREET
MAYFIELD
AVENUE

ROLLING MILL
PARK
HOMES
ONEID A

GARDEN FARMS

- page 18 -

The image appears to be a map or diagram, but it does not contain any photographs. The image shows a map with various landmarks and geographical features labeled, such as "Mayfield" and "Ten Farms."

Text from the document:

MAYFIELD 
1310 
1313
CASE CLUB

1310
1313

TEN FARMS

- page 19 -

The image appears to be a map or diagram, but there is no photograph present. Based on the text output, this seems to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

VALLEY CREEK
SURVEY DATA
MIDDLE TOWN, OHIO
8-11-1965

The document appears to contain various survey data and coordinates related to a location in Middletown, Ohio. There are no other notable details or information that can be extracted from the image.

- page 20 -

The image appears to contain a map or diagram, but no photograph. The diagram includes labels such as "GREENRIDGE" and "LE SOURDSVILLE SUB", as well as a coordinate grid system.

JACKSON  JOSEPH 1525 MAIN STREET  MIDDLETOWN, OHIO
REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT 
DATE: 11/8/65 TIME: 3:45 PM 
LOCATION: MIDDLETOWN, OHIO 
DESCRIPTION: ROUND, SILVER, FLASHING OBJECT SIGHTED HOVERING IN THE SKY. OBJECT SUDDENLY RACED AWAY AT HIGH SPEED.  
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: OBJECT WAS OBSERVED BY SEVERAL WITNESSES.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a scanned document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

15 NOV 65 - MEMO FOR THE RECORD
SGI JONES called the Army Aviation Section and also
Base Operations to find out if there any helicopters
on the night of the 4th in the area of Clermont County; A
negative report was given. On 16 Nov 65, called Maj Engebretsen, and
asked him to check Radar Sectors, for unusual or unidentified Radar Returns.
Negative reports from Local Radar Sectors, Sector Radar at Detroit, NORAD
Sectors.

- page 22 -

The image appears to be a map or diagram, showing a geographical area with roads, landmarks, and distance markings. The central feature appears to be a road or railroad track, with labels for "Greenridge" and "Oak Knoll" visible. There is also a body of water labeled "Coldwater Creek" at the bottom of the image. No human faces or identifiable individuals are present in this image.

GREENRIDGE
31.25 34.30
OAK
KNOLL
30.39 29.33
COLDWATER
CREEK
6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18

- page 23 -

The image appears to be a map or blueprint of the "City of Middletown" with a scale of feet provided. The map shows various roads, buildings, and other infrastructure within the city limits. There are no human faces or individuals visible in the image.

OCR Output:
CITY OF MIDDLETOWN
SCALE OF FEET

- page 24 -

The image appears to be a map or plan of the town of Ohio. It contains various labels and markings indicating roads, railroads, and other geographical features. However, the image does not contain any photographs.

Transcribed text:

TOWN, OHIO
27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34
YANKEE
REVISIONS
DATE
JUNE 30, 1965
SHEET NO.
BB
AA
DD
CC
EE
FF

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, with various information fields such as "DATE OF OBSERVATION", "LOCATION", "TYPE OF OBSERVATION", "LENGTH OF OBSERVATION", "BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS", and some handwritten notes.

The text in the document is as follows:

14 November 65 Night 
Civilian
One
Ground-Visual
about 1 hour
Middletown, Ohio
Astro (VENUS)
Observer said that an object was visible to the South and had been reported by several other persons in the area...Object seemed to be stationary according to observer. McCoy received call from observer, but McCoy told observer it was the planet Venus and to observe it on the following night: if different to phone back. Next day no phone call received.

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned page from a document that appears to be an incident report or memo. The text from the document is as follows:

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
On the night of 14 November 1965, Sgt Moody received a telephone call from the desk Sgt from the Middletown, Ohio police station. The Sgt informed Sgt Moody that an object was visible to the South and had been reported by several persons in the area. This object or a similar object was observed on the previous night. On the night of 14 November, the object had been observed for about an hour and was still visible. Sgt Moody looked at the object with binoculars and observed a star slightly below and to the left of Venus and another object higher in elevation and to the left of the planet Venus. He requested that the police officer observe the object at Middletown, to determine if a star was low and to the left, and if there was another object to the left and above the planet. The patrolman at Middletown looked at this object and observed the same stars adjacent to the planet Venus. Sgt Moody informed him that Venus would move 15 degrees in azimuth toward the west in descending path until disappearance about 8:30. He told the patrolman that if the object being observed did not conform with this predicted flight path, to call back. No additional calls were received.

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed document containing a memo for the record.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

On the night of 14 November 1965, Sgt Moody received a telephone call from the desk Sgt from the Middletown, Ohio police station. The Sgt informed Sgt Moody that an object was visible to the South and had been reported by several persons in the area. This object or a similar object was observed on the previous night. On the night of 14 November, the object had been observed for about an hour and was still visible. Sgt Moody looked at the object with binoculars and observed a star slightly below and to the left of Venus and another object higher in elevation and to the left of the planet Venus. He requested that the police officer observe the object at Middletown, to determine if a star was low and to the left, and if there was another object to the left and above the planet. The patrolman at Middletown looked at this object and observed the same stars adjacent to the planet Venus. Sgt Moody informed him that Venus would move 15 degrees in azimuth toward the west in descending path until disappearance about 3:30. He told the patrolman that if the object being observed did not conform with this predicted flight path, to call back. No additional calls were received.

- page 28 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document or report.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
10 November 1965
Mr. and Mrs. West Middletown called to report a UFO. This thing appeared to be a large round ball. It was about the size of a grapefruit in comparison to a star. It was in the Northeast, and the lights were going on and off. There were long colored sparks shooting from the object. As it got closer, it appeared to be a night light with red and white and bluish lights. It seemed to land. It had very bright lights that went on and off very fast. The object seemed to go into a point. It had long thin wings. It appeared as though it might have had a bubble on the front. It landed to the left of the levee and had a dull deep large round red glow. Took off to the northwest. It was less than five minutes on the ground. It took it less than 2 minutes to disappear. Next day she heard a report from a lady in West Alexandria which is near Gratis. At

- page 29 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page of text describing a UFO sighting report.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
A lady called from the Middletown Journal on 9 Oct 65 to report a UFO. The sighting was made on Thursday evening and was in the paper on Friday, Oct 5. Mrs. was the first witness. She is the manager of the First Methodist Church. She saw a very bright light at 6:45. She said that this was Venus. had been on Franklin Trent Rd. and turned on to Braunrun Rd. She was driving a car with three children in it. One of the children spotted the bright light. They next saw a very bright thing with some sparks shooting out from it. The object went behind some trees and landed. The object had wings. One of the children said that it looked polished on top. It looked like hot metal. Had a very high speed. Lady reported it to Patrolman Barnes in West Alexandria. There was an Amco plane around 6:45, but it landed at the airport. Patrolman talked to the pilot of the plane and the pilot did not take off again after he came landed. The object did take off again. (Another report from West Alexandria) (South of Gratis) Another lady heard what sounded like a jet around 7 o'clock. This thing went over her house. At this time, the lights flickered in the house and the TV went off. This was a very white light. The lady saw red in the light. She said it landed Southeast.

- page 30 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which describes an incident that occurred in Middletown, Ohio on 4 November 1965.

The text of the document is as follows:

MIDDLETOWN, OHIO
4 NOVEMBER 1965

At 1845, 4 November 1965, observer and her three children were driving along the road when one of the children noticed a bright light, about the size of a grapefruit, in comparison to a star. It was in the northeast, and the light was seen to go up and out. An object gave off a close, bright light, appeared to be a delta-wing type craft, and was sighted out from the lights one at a time. The object just sat, white glow, and appeared as though it might have been large, round, red glow. After approximately five minutes the object took off to the northwest and disappeared in less than two minutes.

COMMENTS
The initial phase and possibly some of the subsequent portions of the sighting are attributed to the Aearo Firstream 43-A which landed at approximately 1830 hours local approach to Middletown was from the northeast. However, there is a discrepancy of approximately five minutes in the reported time of the sightings and landings of the Aearo. It is desirable to assume that this small difference in time would not eliminate this as a cause of the report. Other aspects indicate that the Aearo has already landed with its landing lights on and that the object sited subsequently was a different vehicle. 

The dull, deep red glow is attributed to the aircraft lights on the runway (invisible from that location) or some ground lights on the opposite side of the river. The final phase of the sightings consisting of lights rising and moving off to the northwest cannot be explained in terms of this aircraft. At present there appears to be no better explanation than some unknown craft in the area at the time. A check was made with the airport authorities and the Air Force, but no other aircraft or other aircraft were identified in the Middletown area at the time of the observation.

As such, the case will be carried as two separate observations. The first evaluated as an aircraft, and the second disappearing to the northwest remains unidentified.

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be the front page of the Middletown Journal newspaper from Middletown, Ohio, dated Thursday, November 11, 1965.

THE MIDDLETOWN JOURNAL
MIDDLETOWN, OHIO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1965

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be the front page of the "Middletown Journal" newspaper, dated Thursday, November 11, 1965. The header includes the newspaper's name and the "SOCIETY WOMEN'S NEWS" section.

MIDDLETOWN JOURNAL
MIDDLETOWN, OHIO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1965
PAGE SEVENTEEN
SOCIETY WOMEN'S NEWS

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be the front page of a newspaper called "The Middletown Journal" from Middletown, Ohio, dated Friday, November 5, 1965.

TEXT CONTENT:
THE MIDDLETOWN JOUR
MIDDLETOWN, OHIO, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1965
LOCAL
NEWS
SECOND SECTION

- page 34 -

