Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day         Month         Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Time - as after first report.

Call came from Capt Howell of the AF Command Post. He was relaying a call from Capt Hanson of the McDaniel's office (030/DEA).

During the standout at New York, the works of the New Yorker Magazine and 3 other members of the staff ( ) suggested seeing an unknown craft.

From 1800 - 1830 will in the New Yorker office Building in N.Y. city. Ones 42 people were seeing a weird ball in sky, bright which appears to be moving faster than either an aircraft, helicopter, a satellite. While they watched it appeared again, before disappearing.

This report was originally given to Capt Hanson from Mr. ( #3 man in DOD) who occurred at a personal phone call from the Army of the New York Staff.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
During Afternoon in NY
Nov 1965
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 1800 1830
                Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other _________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Office Building - New Yorker Marquis, N. York, N. York
Nearest Postal Address                City or Town        State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0 30
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? [blank]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes [blank] No [blank]

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Blank line]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [Blank lines]

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?     Yes   No   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   Yes   No   Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?    Yes   No   Don't know
d. Give off smoke?     Yes   No   Don't know
e. Change brightness?    Yes   No   Don't know
f. Change shape?     Yes   No   Don't know
g. Flash or flicker?     Yes   No   Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?    Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

DID UFO'S CAUSE THE GREAT NORTHEASTERN POWER FAILURE?
- by John J. Robinson -

November 9th, 1965, was a day long to be remembered by some thirty million people living in an area of eighty thousand square miles in the northeastern United States, where one sixth of our total population is concentrated. This region is the most densely populated, mechanized section of the world. The trouble even included a portion of eastern Canada, and caused havoc for a great many of our good neighbors there.

The power breakdown, coming at 5:30 p.m. at the height of the evening rush hour, caught many New Yorkers and others suspended in mid-air, twenty-five floors or more above the city streets, trapped in stalled elevators. One million people were trapped underground, in the tunnels of New York's vast subway network, while thousands of others were stalled in automobiles unable to move because the traffic lights were off. Huge traffic snarls ensued, which later created more problems as cars ran out of gas - which could not be replaced because the gasoline pumps could not operate. The bridges and tunnels leading from the city became loaded with cars that could not move, while on the city streets weary and hungry people groped in the dark. Everyone was trying to get home - home to the almost medieval safety of candle-lit rooms, which were often cooler than those castles of the same period, since the lack of power had turned off the heat!

Our Editor, James Moseley, was safely across the Hudson River in his Fort Lee apartment when the blackout came. He had the weird experience of watching the New York television channels fade away one by one, while the Philadelphia channels started coming in clearly for the first time in history.

After midnight, when the traffic situation had eased, Moseley and visiting saucerer Gray Barker from Clarksburg, W. Va., made an expedition into New York to look over the unprecedented situation in Times Square. Thousands of people were sleeping in the subways, the bus terminal, and every available building lobby, in a scene reminiscent of the World War II bomb shelters.

A visit to the WOR studio at 1440 Broadway found a flashlight-toting group of faithful employees keeping the station on the air, using gasoline supplied by a listener in New Jersey - most of which was unaffected by the blackout. The intrepid saucer researcher was WOR studio on the twenty-fourth floor by groping their way up the steps with matches!

What had happened to cause all this confusion? Simple! The science-fiction movie "The Day the Earth Stood Still" had become a fact. Somehow a vast area had turned off the power for an area which included part or all of eight states. One after another, as an excuse demanded for power failure, the power plants supplying the region's electricity simply went out of commission.

All these power plants are joined together in a vast power system which supplies the northeastern U.S. and parts of Canada with electricity. The system is called a power grid. It consists of 42 electrical utility companies with control more than 400 generating units. In Pennsylvania, the power crisis were cut off by automatic units before they became involved, and most of Maine was able to do the same thing. Twenty-three companies, however, were too close to the epicenter of whatever had happened, and were unable to avoid disaster. The overload on their generators created not only a power drain but also an out-of-phase cycle which caused relays to stop them before they burned themselves out. Some of the relays were not able to operate quickly enough, however, and these will have to have their huge armatures rewound before they can operate again.

What caused the trouble? No one seems to know. The New York Daily News of November 11th states: "There was no mechanical failure, nor was any damaged equipment found which could indicate mechanical failure." The November 22nd


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

issue of News-
week quotes
Charles Pratt,
chief engineer
for the Niagara
Mohawk Power
System, as follows: "The first
thing we saw on
our high speed
meters was a
large increase
in flow to the
east and south."
The meters showed a sudden jump
to 490 kilowatts
of power. This
then traversed as
the flow from
other areas was
called on. The
reason for the
huge power drain
has not been explained, for no
misused transmission lines,
defective generator, or faulty
circuit-breaker was involved.

THE PRINCIPAL POWER LINES: Forty-two electric-utility companies in eight states
and two Canadian provinces have joined a "loose federation" to supply power through
an interconnected network of transmission systems, shown by the heavy lines on the
map. The companies use more than 400 generating units to deliver the service.

The 345 kilowatt power lines which feed New York City and its environs
originates at the Niagara Mohawk station, which calls on the water power of
Niagara Falls for its turbine generators. These huge power lines run east to
Syracuse and then through Schenectady, where they turn south toward New York
City. It is apparent that it was through these lines that the drain of power
began.

Twelve minutes before the big blackout, New Jersey's Public Service reported that they noticed something wrong. There was a flickering of lights in
some parts of the state. The Newark Star Ledger of November 11th reports that
they were informed by the Public Service that their oscillographs showed the
load suddenly going out, and going out again. These load fluctuations occurred at thirteen locations simultaneously, indicating that whatever was happening was localized in one spot.

Most of New Jersey kept its power, but there were scattered exceptions,
some rather bizarre. A lady in Hillsdale, N.J. writes SAUCER NEWS that at 5:30
p.m. on the fateful day of November 9th, when her television sets suddenly
went out, as did the telephone. The lady sent her son for a look outside, and
he reported seeing a bright white object, about ten times the apparent size of
a star, moving slowly through the sky. The lady and her son kept watching the
object, which turned a slight greenish color and kept heading north, until in
about twenty minutes it was out of sight. At that point, her telephone service
was restored.

According to letters and news clippings we have received, other sightings were made at about the same time in Staten Island, N.Y., Bloomfield, N.J.
and elsewhere, but our efforts to get more details about these events have
been unsuccessful. There was also a story in the Paterson (N.J.) News about


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

6.

several people who claim to have seen a fireball over Manhattan during the blackout; and a photograph in the November 19th issue of Time Magazine, taken from the Time & Life Building twenty minutes after the blackout began, shows what appears to be a ball-shaped UFO hovering over Manhattan! (See Page 16.)

On November 15th, the New York Journal-American carried a banner front-page headline story entitled "The Mystery Fireball and That Big Blackout." The story begins by quoting one Lesley J. Lorenzan, "International Director of the Government-affiliated Aero Phenomena Research Organization in Tucson, Arizona" further on, this is referred to a "a private group co-operating with the government." Of course, the strangely garbled reference here is to A.P.R.O., a private saucer research group like our own, with no Government affiliation whatsoever - unless A.P.R.O.'s well-known book, "The Great Flying Saucer Hoax" disagreeing with the Air Force's UFO investigatory methods, could be called a claim to Governmental affiliation!

The rest of the article is much less garbled, however, and is confirmed by other sources. It seems that Weldon Ross, 47, a pilot instructor at Hancock Field near Syracuse, N.Y., was attempting a landing at that field with a student, when they witnessed a flame-colored globe of light in the sky. At first Ross thought it was a building on fire, but then the globe gradually diminished in size until it disappeared. It was at that moment that Ross discovered there were no planes any landing lights on the field. He was informed by the control tower that the lights had suddenly gone out; so he landed the plane as best he could in the dark.

Mr. Ross calculated that the fireball appeared at a point where the New York Power Authority's two 345 kilovolt power lines coming from Niagara Falls pass over the New York Central Railroad tracks between Lake Oneida and Hancock Field. This is the location of the Clay substation (marked on map on previous page), which has been pinpointed by some investigators as the source of the blackout trouble. The Clay substation is entirely automated. Mr. Proft of the Niagara Mohawk Power Company has stated that the crews who later checked these lines failed to uncover any trouble along them.

At least four others also witnessed it, including Robert C. Walsh, who is the Syracuse Deputy Aviation Commissioner. Walsh reported seeing it from a few miles south of Hancock Field. This would seem to indicate that the fireball was rising from the ground as it gradually increased in size, as well as while it gradually diminished in brightness.

Public statements about the blackout came from many unusual sources. Jeanne Dixon, the famous seer, reminded the public that she had predicted the event two years beforehand, and that she believed it to be caused by the Russians. Dr. John Pagano of Fort Lee, N.J., a spokesman for NICAP, told the Hudson Dispatch that the blackout was "no accident, but purposely caused by Flying Saucers." And, last but not least, a magazine called Woman's Wear Daily came out with a far-out rumor to the effect that the blackout was caused by the testing of a super-secret Pentagon weapon called Project Fireball, whose object was to draw all available power from New York, divide it into two beams and shoot it into space. The point at which these two incredibly powerful beams cross would become a mammoth burst of artificial lightning, capable of destroying any enemy missile within range.

A spokesman at the Pentagon, when questioned about such a power-draining project, insisted that the rumor had no foundation whatsoever. There was such a project in the talk stage about four years ago, he admitted, but no hardware was ever built. The Defense Department had looked into the concept and concluded that it was totally impractical.

It would seem very logical to me, however, that if the UFOs are craft from some highly-advanced civilization, they may have learned to create the


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

8.

sent - flashing lights in the sky, more flashing lights on the ground, and
mysterious interruptions of power."
The first report came in shortly after 8 p.m. from Nick DeVara, who was
crossing the intersection of Maryland and Sugarbush with a friend when they
saw a light "like someone welding in the sky." As it passed overhead, the
lights in a nearby gasoline station went out momentarily. At the residences of
Don Rough, in another part of town, all lights and electrical appliances went
dead suddenly at 3:15 p.m. Shortly afterwards their son came home and said he
had seen a strange blue light in the sky at about the same time.

Then, shortly after 9 p.m., Michael Rodriguez was driving eastward on
Warner Road near Highway 61, in St. Paul, when he saw a blue light apparently
on the ground. As the light appeared, the drivers of two cars behind Rodriguez's car got out to look at the flash. At about the same time, a man named
Russell Hoff, who was turning off Highway 61 onto Bailey Road, saw flashes in
the sky that were "like looking at daylight through a blue windshield." He saw
four such flashes, about 20 to 30 seconds apart. Later, he noticed that the
power seemed to be off in entire area. This power failure was confirmed by
several phone calls to police from people living in the Town of Tosa, along
Highway 61. These callers also said they had seen lights in the sky of various
colors. A weather bureau spokesman was unable to account for the phenomena,
but definitely ruled out lightning.

Thus, there seems to be little doubt that the electromagnetic effects of
UFOs come in many varieties and intensities. Although there are at least two
formal investigations now going on, regarding the November 9th blackout, it is
unlikely that the whole truth will ever be discovered; or if it is discovered, it will not be revealed to the public. UFO researchers, like the rest of
the public, can only wait and see what strange events these alien machines
have in store for us in the future!


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

same type of power-draining effect that our scientists did not bother to develop. In any case, most researchers in the UFO field are well aware of the fact that the so-called flying saucers have a tendency to hover over power houses and atomic sites, as well as manufacture in large quantities of electricity, such as steel mills, etc. They are also aware of the strange electromagnetic effects which have frequently bothered automobiles as well as electrical appliances such as radios and TV, etc. Automobiles have on several occasions been subjected to a strange force from the UFOs which caused the liquid in their batteries to boil, as if a huge power drain had been placed on them, preventing them from delivering any power to the various units of the car such as the radio, headlights, and induction coil.

Finally, there is a fantastic story in the November 27th edition of the St. Paul, Minnesota Pioneer Press, telling of multiple power failures in the area the previous night. According to the newspaper, "all the ingredients of a science-fiction thriller were pre-

Photo from Time Magazine showing a UFO over Manhattan during the November 13th power failure. (Our copy thanks to August 2, Rosten.)


- page 8 -

