PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
November, 1965

2. LOCATION
Irving, N.Y.

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
1. EXPLAINED     2. UNRESOLVED

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
See Case File

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Short - 1 minute

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Visual

7. COURSE
Not specified

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

TDEN/UTO
UFO Sightings

Hq USAF SATOCC (New Hunt)

1. We have received a letter from Mrs. [redacted]. New [redacted] has observed many objects in the sky during the past year. Some of these objects are characterized of something. The luminosity of a satellite is very similar in appearance to a star. The motion of these objects over the area of New York will be to the Northeast or Southwest. The duration of the observation should not exceed ten minutes and may be as little as two or three minutes. An erratic flight path can be caused by atmospheric conditions such as haze or inversions.

2. During the month of October, the planet VENUS was very bright. In the Southwest and are about 7:50 P.M. Local time. Many reports during this time period were attributed to the planet VENUS and the observer would always report a "star" moving across the sky. To the observer, no lateral motion of a solid object should be observed. As the planet Venus, astronomical or the lights on Venus may appear to rise and soon off into space. This observation will last only a few seconds. After Venus has set, the planet JUPITER will rise in the East. In addition to these two planets, the star CAPELLA is in the Northeast and has been reported on numerous occasions from August through October as an unidentified object. Conclusion: Have the same visual characteristics as the planet VENUS with the exception that it is not quite as bright, and will not disappear.

3. All physical evidence, submitted to the Air Force, has been explained in terms of man-made objects or of objects attributed to natural phenomena. It is possible that the trees which were damaged could have been damaged by lightning or some other natural explanation. Without an investigation into this matter, no statement can be made.

DEC 28 1965 is stamped in the top right corner of the document.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

as to the exact cause. In over 10,000 reports of unidentified
objects no one has been found by the old object itself. We assure
you that these phenomenon have logical explanation and present
themselves as conventional or natural phenomena viewed
under unusual conditions or circumstances.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. DE WECKERDE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

ORIGINATOR: MAJ A QUINTANILLA, JR     DATED 27 DEC 65
TECH/UFO

THRU:                                  DATED 28 DEC 65


- page 3 -

Dear Sir,

I hesitate to report what has not been here but on news of the latest developments I feel my duty to help your department. However I insist on my publicity.

I have in Letter Bay Colony Irving N.Y. - a side area - private. The scene a year now I have been noticing very strange things happening on the sky. I have been up to 4 objects on one time. The first time I noticed it was one night about 3:30 and I was unable to sleep. I noticed the dipper had 8 stars in it then I watched, one of the stars started up & down M/N - sideways - left it up for about 15 minutes & then stayed at the top of the dipper. Another time, about 7:00 p.m., I came home from the store & I could see the car here I looked out over the hills & watched. The stars gradually, one then started moving & finally quite a distance & stopped when a plane went by. I was the only star that moved. But yes, oh wow completely convinced. The plane made it of course but the object made none. It was very peculiar. I have dealt one following up - actually following my own time. My own...


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

learned around when it stopped on
field. In the middle of October, I went to the
local store + noticed a sky-low large yellow-ish
that hovering in the sky. This object following
me home + was very very personal + seemed to
be from trees but I never settled to get near that
if the tree damage. This object can move on
stop suddenly, as now-low, + resemble a vertical
but what I could not measure like this? Also
the "stars" did not fly about freely put + ground
times. It is not a plane - unless we know
plane that can stop dead + hover. Every
time I had my headend along, I could make
out there. We work in NY City and I am
now here alone with 5 children some of course
not even looked at the sky except coming
from Buffalo last week, saw it over Buffalo +
its orbit was the whiskers at the system.
of time + space before, for more of the same
if people time. I want to you only in view of the
article in the case. If you telling of your investigation
of just you should know of these happening. Some
thing boys in this area are now the last time
I'll point out than a ground case of this kind.

Note: Some words may be slightly misinterpreted due to the handwritten nature of the document, and there are a few blacked-out sections.


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top of page, partially legible]
...of yours really writing in... [rest is illegible]
...jagged after contact the... [rest is illegible]

[Middle of page]
Sincerely,

[Bottom right of page]
Irving, N.Y. 1968

Large portions of the text are obscured by black redaction marks, making full transcription impossible.


- page 6 -

