PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 7 August 65  08/0210Z

2. LOCATION: McKinney, Texas

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1, 2, or 3

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 14-14 Sec

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: S, E, W

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Insufficient Data. Time motion sequence omitted. Some conflicting data presented and a great deal of imagination on the part of the witness reporting the observation.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object observed to move from N to S. Assumed turn made to East and then disappeared. Total time for the observation was 14 seconds. Object moving East assumed observed by additional witness. Object resembled bright light. No detail. Perhaps reflecting sun or from combustion. At 3,000 ft. satellite, Sun had set and object would be at extreme altitude to reflect sunlight. Duration too short for satellite. Some inconsistencies noted with meter, however the duration for each phase of flight omitted. Entire incident likely magnified by imagination of witness. Yet some object was probably observed in each instance.

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Street]
McKinney, Texas 75069
August 19, 1965

Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Sirs:

I wish to report the sighting of an UFO over this city at 8:10 P.M., on the 7th of this month, August. See attached sketch.

The UFO was sighted by me at the named time and date approaching from the north northwest. Its height could only be estimated and seemed to be circa 3,000 feet. It showed only as a rather bright white light, whether from the sun or by its own illumination I could not be positive. Its speed was far to great for aircraft, but not near so fast as the slowest meteor. There was no trail behind it. Over the southeast part of this city it made a turn of about 80 degrees to the east. The turn was abrupt--a sharp angle. It disappeared to the east, the whole flight observed taking about 14 seconds.

Besides myself, the UFO was sighted by two other observers in this city; both of whom asked that their names not be used by me. However, these are on record and if it becomes necessary I shall send you their names, as per my agreement with them.

In the last six months several unidentified flying objects have been reported to me via telephone, but as the observers would not furnish their names I did not report them to you. I have them on file though, if you wish them. Two or the reports are of a rather terrifying nature to the observers. I cannot, of course, vouch for that kind of sightings.

Newspapers, by their flippant attitude, make it most difficult to obtain reliable data on any UFO sighting. Anyway, people fear the ridicule which is sure to be directed at them when they report any kind of UFO. It certainly stalls my own observations by preventing the securing accurate information on any UFO. I have even had newspapers refuse to publish appeals made to the people to help verify the sightings of UFOs.

Will you please send me your latest summary of unidentified flying objects? The one I have is rather out of date.

Yours sincerely,

PS: I enclose tear sheets of UFO sightings over Richardson, Texas, 20 miles south of this place, though you doubtless already have this info. RFH.


- page 2 -

MYSTERIOUS
LIGHTS SEEN
OVER AREA

By GEORGE CARTER
Staff Writer

Mysterious lights that constantly changed colors and seemed to hover in formation were spotted by Richardson and Carrollton police early Sunday, adding to reports of unidentified flying objects.

Patrolman Bennett Anderson of the Richardson Police Department observed the strange red, green and white lights shortly after 2 a.m. Monday.

His and other officers kept their objects in sight until daylight.

Officer Anderson watched the lights move slowly through the area and at times saw them hover motionless above the earth.

He said at first "he lights seemed to be like a star, but as they moved you could actually say they were rotating like a beacon."

"I was at Coit Road north of Arapaho when I saw the first one," Patrolman Anderson said. "Then I saw a second one and a third, and they seemed to be moving in a triangular formation, except that their heights varied. One seemed to go up higher than the rest of them."

The officer said he was sure the lights were not airplanes.

LIGHTS FADED
As the sun came up, the objects looked "real alive" and still appeared to be a light in the sky.

The colored lights faded as the sun got brighter.

Jim Pagels, a DPS dispatcher at Sherman, said he saw two similar rotating lights, emitting at 15-second and 5-second intervals. He said the lights were so bright as they moved southward.

The Wichita, Kan., Weather Bureau traced one of the objects on its radar screen at one point, determining their altitude at about 22,000 feet and descended to 4,000 feet.

CITY
NEWS
Mon., August 2, 1965
A-15


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

This sheet approx size of McKinney
Atmosphere clear

UFO, McKinney, Texas
August 7, 1965. 8:10 P.M.

Looking down

Supposed line of flight

Circa 8:10 P.M.

Magnitude -1.6

Totally invisible at turn

8:10 P.M.

8:10 P.M.

Observed flight
Conjectured flight


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

McKinney, Texas
75069

UFO

ADJUTANT
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio.

There is also a postmark stamp visible, but the text is not fully legible.


- page 5 -

