PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP

4 January 1965

3. SOURCE

Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS

Three

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION

3 Secn sz Each

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION

Ground-Visual

7. COURSE

E to W

8. PHOTOS

[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE

[ ] Yes
[X] No

2. LOCATION

Bethel, Vermont

10. CONCLUSION

Other (TRACER BULLETS)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS

SEE CASE FILE

FORM
FTD SEP 43 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

[handwritten text - largely illegible due to cursive handwriting and image quality. The following words/phrases are partially discernible:]

[illegible section - approximately 20 lines of handwritten cursive text, with occasional readable fragments including what appears to be references to observations and descriptions, but the overall content cannot be reliably transcribed due to handwriting legibility issues]

[At the bottom of the page, there is a section of text that is heavily redacted with black marker lines, enclosed in an oval or circular marking]

- page 2 -

[illegible section - top portion of page too faded to read clearly]

Say Three Bright Objects In
Across Path Last [illegible] of Monday

[illegible section - multiple lines too faded]

ANOTHER REPORT

[illegible section - continues with faded text throughout]

"As we were driving about
[illegible] road between [illegible]
[illegible]. About 9 p.m. The mystery of UFO's shortly
[illegible] and [illegible] [illegible] an subjects of much controversy. Just
[illegible] a object some [illegible] 19 years from the first eye-
[illegible] about the ness case in a while of space-
[illegible] [illegible] craft have occurred in Vermont
[illegible]

"The trooper said, 'By God, [illegible] in more than more
did you see it'" [illegible] them they will handle
[illegible] a second[illegible] Saucers at UFO's are in fact
[illegible] [illegible] space canals worthy of [illegible]
to [illegible]. If they would [illegible] [illegible] in July but the night-
[illegible] on the first, to [illegible] ings have never been confirmed
[illegible] disappeared
[illegible] into the area. by the Air Force. Probably one
[illegible] [illegible], exact- of the best written on
like the first one, two, three, [illegible] Charles [illegible],
just like that." [illegible] Air." authored, "The Flying Saucers
"The two," and I were [illegible], "Major Donald Keyhoe, Au-
[illegible]. We [illegible] and thored, his first book, "Flying
dylene object, or UFO is the Saucers Are Real," containing
are between [illegible] [illegible] time interest in UFO and were
[illegible] [illegible] [illegible] followed in 1953 by "Flying
[illegible] [illegible] Saucers from Outer Space,"
[illegible] with Based on his conclusion that
[illegible] [illegible] [illegible] the UFO's are actually non-
[illegible] [illegible] from and could be from another
[illegible] [illegible] outer space. The Air Force,
[illegible] [illegible] [illegible] however, "concludes that
way home from work. They a" sightings for years of all airplanes,
Charles [illegible], [illegible] utter has never officially stated this
White Lake in Howard Paige. as a possibility, but has rolled
[illegible] story, he told [illegible] usually no conclusion about
[illegible] is as follows: UFO's are due to some divine
"We were driving [illegible] between natural phenomena completely
[illegible] and [illegible] Barton to see Finley," [illegible] [illegible] in person.
before you can all of a sudden
[illegible] in front of us.
[illegible] [illegible] to [illegible] ANY UPSHET
[illegible] a breathless
[illegible] [illegible] [illegible] A [illegible] Upshet report
[illegible] from us about 75 or 150 [illegible] to receive any
[illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] in the light, What River Valley
[illegible] [illegible]
[illegible] corner to [illegible] [illegible] Mrs. [illegible], observed,
[illegible] one of report [illegible] the UFO's is a [illegible]
[illegible] by the [illegible] is [illegible] glint from others is looking

[handwritten notations in left margin - largely illegible]

- page 3 -

for the road between Bethlehem
near about 4:30 or 5 p.m.
suddenly, just above the trees
to our left, an object came
into view. It traveled on
a course exactly opposite to
ours—head light about the
size of a baseball.

"The trooper said, 'My God,
did you see that?'
"Just then a second car/a-
to view. It dove the same course
as the first, to our right above
the valley, then disappeared
wildly into the sky.
"Then came a third, exactly
like the first two, one, two,
oh my God!"
"I"he trooper and I were
spellbound. The unidentified
flying object, or UFO in their
are now, appeared to me round
but they were traveling so fast,
we couldn't see."

EARLY OCCURRENCES
In investigating further into
the records we uncovered
heavily populated portion four
to five and seven miles away,
Way back from water. There were
Clarkson, Holland, Woodstock,
Wayne, Lock and Lincoln. Each
trooper story at old Ted Holch-
man, is as follow;

"We were driving down the old
Sunken Path and everything
looked as usual to Paisley.
All of a sudden a brilliant red
and changed in front of us.
In one red and a
seemed to be just a point in it;
had a beautiful stream of

[handwritten: facts and
from July 1964]

east and west about 75 to 100
feet off the ground. Before we
could the corner to the bridge
second one shot across. We run
went to the hill by the Rogers
house and just at the top by Al-
len's barn we saw that third one.
This one was only about night
feet, whitewashed and only a car
length in front of us.
"I don't think we saw five
and, the second time so Dr.
Woodruff had speculate he
believed Woodruff must have
been in the of two cars behind

two gallons a quarter hour
for the road between Bethlehem
where said motorist for
miles, the objects were flying
at a speed that turned us stiff.
It's another or flying saucer type
subject. "My impression over
13 years brought to the fore-
cry once in a while by state-
ments from prominent persons
implying that official govern-
mental people were rare
about them than they will admit.
Scientists at Cape Canaveral
poured UFO's trailing a Colonel
Force capsule shortly after
launching in July but the sight-
ings have never been confirmed

by the Air Force. Probably one
of the reasons for the orders on
UFO's from "unidentified."
They, I presume, have been re-
ceived. His first look, "Flying
Saucers Are Real," created im-
mense interest in 1950 and was
followed in 1953 by "Fiying
Saucers from Outer Space,"
based on his conclusions that
the UFO's are actually some
form and controlled obviously in
intelligence, either Air Force,
which didn't actually release or
from an outside world area.
This never actually stated this
as a possibility, but has relied
usually on his conclusion that
UFO's are due to some strange
natural phenomena completely
unknown to scientists at pres-
ent.

ANY MORE?
Mr. Harold Holton reporter
with another contemporary
other accounts of unexplained
logs in the White River Valley
area.

Maybe, someone suggested,
the objects were last week were
others from extraordinary for
for snow and leaving the valley
in disgust.

Woman like a stored, silent
man because they think he is
igniting.

- page 4 -

[handwritten: Addl info]

D. TER VALPREDA, Chairman
GEORGE E. MCLAUGHLIN
EMILE H. COUTUME

EDWARD F. KNAPP, Commissioner
RICHARD M. BURN, Aeronautics Supervisor
DAVID W. CUMMINGS, Airport Examiner

STATE OF VERMONT
VERMONT AERONAUTICS BOARD
MONTPELIER

8 January 1965

Mr. Walter N. Webb
Chief Instructor in Astronomy (Special Advisor to NICAP)
Charles Hayden Planetarium
Boston Museum of Science
11 Albard Street
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

[handwritten marginalia in right margin - illegible]

Dear Mr. Webb:

I was advised in a communication of Nov 23, 1964, from Mr. Richard Kall that reports of UFO should be forwarded to you for analysis. Accordingly, I am enclosing the attached clipping taken from the Burlington Free Press of January 8 which relates to a UFO sighting on 4 January at a point about three miles north of Bethel, Vermont, on Route 12 about 5:00 pm.

I have talked personally with Dr. Richard S. Woodruff, State Radiologist at Montpelier, and Corporal Norris Woodward of the State Police Identification Bureau here in Montpelier.

The sightings were made from a car which was being driven by Cpl. Woodward. Both men saw the UFO simultaneously as they did the two following UFOs. Dr. Woodruff's impressions were to the effect that the flight path was relatively horizontal from west to east across the highway as their car was proceding north; Cpl. Woodward describes it a note on one rising from the ground on the west to an elevation of 25°-35° and returning to the ground east of the highway. The men state the object had no visible tail or wings both across that it was more or less round, and was more of a slow than a ball of size. Dr. Woodruff described the color as orange-red; Cpl. Woodward refers to it as "more on the red".

There was no noise at any time. The objects were in view only a few seconds each.

Spacing between the three sightings was several seconds each. Cpl. Woodward placed the height of the object in approximately 200-300' above the ground; Dr. Woodruff stated it was low, but did not estimate altitude.

- page 5 -

Mr. Walter Webb                          -2-                          8 January 1965


The flight path of the three sightings appeared to be fixed inasmuch as the third sighting was through the top of the car windshield at which point the car appeared to be "almost underneath" the flight path.

Both agree that two cars passed them in the opposite direction within a couple of minutes of the sightings. Col. Edward Fecalis having followed a car ahead of him for some distance, and noted that this car eventually left Route 12 in the town of Randolph. This car contained four men but as of writing no other reports of sightings have been received. It might be possible to locate these men in Randolph if, as it appears, they were en-route to work in a local mill.

In the event you wish to make further contact, the addresses of the observers is:
                    Dr. Richard S. Woodruff, State Psychologist
                    University of Vermont, Burlington, Vermont
                    
                    Cpl. Ronald Woodward, Assistant Superintendent
                    Vermont State Police Annex
                    Bailey Avenue Extension
                    Montpelier, Vermont

The only explanation occurring to me is the possibility of an Air Force tanker and refueling operation which may have been in progress, but this does not explain the rapid flight of the glowing object. During such refueling, the tankers on clear nights are lighted internally for easy identification. These operations usually originate from the Portsmouth, New York, Air Force Base. I have not checked as to whether a refueling operation might have occurred in the area at that time.

                                                Very truly yours,

                                                [handwritten signature]
                                                
                                                Commissioner

ERM/ach
Enc.
cc:   Richard Hall
      Dr. R. Woodruff
      Cpl. Woodward

- page 6 -

13 Friend Court
Waltham, Massachusetts


SUBJECT: UFO Report - 4 January 1965

CONTENTS: Signed NICAP UFO Questionnaire
UFO Sighting Summary Sheet
Map of Sighting Area
Sample Newsletter
Pertinent Correspondence

DATE: 19 January 1965

FROM: Raymond E. Fowler
Chairman: NICAP Massachusetts Investigating Subcommittee

TO: NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
Washington, D.C.
Attention: Richard Hall (Acting Director)

cc: USAF (AFCO-FTD)
R.H. Webb


The following is a detailed report concerning the sighting of three (3) UFOs between Bethel and Randolph, Vermont - Highway 312 on 4 January 1965 by Dr. Richard Woodruff and Vermont State Trooper N.J. Woodward at approximately 3:15 P.M. EST.


Respectfully Submitted

[signature]
Raymond E. Fowler
NICAP Investigator

REF/cs

- page 7 -

UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY

UFO REPORT - ATIC/A

Witness #1 - Dr. Richard S. Hoadwell            #2 - General R.O. Woodruff
          Chief Radio Physicist                     [illegible]
          Office of Electro-Development             [illegible] Bomb Indian Safety
          Office of Ordnance                        Honeywell, Vermont
          Burlington, Vermont 05401
                                                 Government Source Private
          
          Education: D.A.; M.D.; C.M.          (Should not to be used,
                                                pending permission)
          Occupation: Forensic Pathologist

          (Name may be used)

PLACE:     Northern Federal and Canadian, Vermont on Highway 4 W.

DATE:      4 January 1965                      TIME: 5:45 P.M. (approximate)

SIGHTING:

Dr. Hoadwell, Vermont State Pathologist, a staff member of the University of Vermont College of Medicine, and numerous witnesses, was travelling from Bethel to Quechee, and observed, near Barnard, [illegible] above a road near in isolation. Afterwards, A. they were traveling, they observed a single light, then heard a whine sound. They noted the object was stationary. It moved and then came back. He stated that on one light' and did see what? At another time he opened with a second similar object here which followed shortly after in the same direction. The observation lasted about 1-2 minutes and above the valley there they appeared thus into the horizon.

Duration of the sighting was 20 seconds. The objects were observed above and above the mountain, they moved up and down. They turned they had turned and later they a dot when a dot angle appeared colored by the object in the horizon, blue, three and above there was no wind. He observed together the incident to the Burlington Police Board and to Dr. James T. Lopp. Out of all who had observed the object, he was the only person who appeared to be open to investigation. But others were of the opinion also he the same thing, others but no two will testify.

I obtained a signed ATIC UFO Observation Form dated January 8, 1965. Dr. Hoadwell has been [illegible] in a questionnaire and two photographs which reveal to ATIC from Vermont.

                                         Respectfully submitted

                                         [illegible signature]

- page 8 -

12 Wafod Court
Weston, Massachusetts

12 January 1965

Dr. S. Woodruff
College of Medicine,
University of Vermont
Burlington, Vermont

Dear Doctor Woodruff,

I am introducing myself. I am Dr. Raymond Fowler, Chairman of a sub-committee investigating UFO's for the N.A.A. Aerial Phenomena Committee on Aerial Phenomena reports. A civilian, D.C. area, coordinates is comprised of highly trained technical backgrounds. Its function is to collect information on UFO Reports and send it to Washington for evaluation in the UFO Study (s). We would like to conduct an on-the-spot investigation and preliminary evaluation and send a detailed report to A.F.O.S.I.

One of our members inquired sent us a recently from a knowledgeable person concerning your sighting. You wish to be contacted for taking note regarding known to me by the public. Many observers have reported [illegible] incidents UFO sightings [illegible] purpose to help the public informed about UFO phenomena. The need of special advisors are made. Any professional people who are making a record publication is N.I.C.A.P.'s Board is Dr. Charles P. Oliver, Postmaster at Washington Observatory, Harvard College Observatory, and an Astronomer. I would assure things only so demonstrate that our organization is engaged in serious UFO research.

Reason 2 - Wishing is to obtain more information about this sighting. We will give you assured and complete details about it you so desire although we would appreciate the use of your name. We have enclosed two UFO Report forms for your evaluation. The State Trooper to fill out 1 if you would be so kind as to send it to him. Please answer as many questions as possible. Return it to us after proceeding.

Enclosed is a stamped self-addressed envelope for your convenience. If you so wish for your help in this matter. I hope to hear from you soon.

Yours Sincerely,

[signature]
Raymond E. Fowler
Chairman N.I.C.A.P. Subcommittee

REF/dor

- page 9 -

NORWICH, AIKEN H.D., N
COMMANDER

525 S. WOODRUFF H.D.C.M
CHEF M . . . FLANDERS

STATE OF VERMONT
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH
OFFICE OF STATE PATHOLOGIST
U M -LBS-27 AEDICAD
ARLINGTON

January 15, 1965

Mr. Edmond E. Fowler
Behalf: NICAP Mass. Subcommittee
Lead Court
M, Massac

Dear Mr. Fowler:

I am enclosing a [illegible] form which you forwarded me
to have sent to Corporal Woodruff. In the information which I am able
to supply is [illegible] and therefore I am [illegible] objects
I saw [illegible] such a short time in the darkness
that it [illegible] be more definitive about them.

I am also enclosing a photocopy of that portion of the
Vermont map showing the area concerned and have
marked it with a red plastic square. In addition I
am also enclosing a photocopy of two news reports which
came out in one of the local papers at the time.

Sincerely yours,

[handwritten signature] L. Sharc S. Woodruff, M.D
Pathologist

BSI
FTC

- page 10 -

INVESTIGAT[ION COMMITTEE ON ] PHENOMENA
1025 Connecticut Avenue N
Washington D.C.

NORM +424

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This [  ] is asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional
[  ]Answers [  ] answers requested for full evaluation by NICAP.
[  ] Aftn [  ] information has been fully studied, the conclusion of a previous one will be published. NICAP will regularly
[  ] Attach [  ] need not in in [  ] publish form. Please try to answer on the back if possible. Should you, then
please use another sheet [  ] [  ] of print or typewriter. Your answer [ ] value and is genuinely appreci-
rank you.

1. Name: DUMPLF, N. D. C. M.
OFFICIAL EXAMINER
St.
Addr [  ] S OF STATE PATHOLOGIST
ENG OF MEDICINE
UNIVERSITY OF VERMONT.
BURLINGTON, VERMONT 05401

Occupation [  ] forensic
[  ] lodgi

Location B.A.; M.
Special Training Patho. Sci
Military Service 1918-1919 1943-16 incl.

Te = Universaic [  ] 311 .
Boyce Lab
2. Date of Observation Jan.
955 Time AM 1715 3[?] ap rosm.. zone Atlantic

3. Locality of Observation Between Bethel & Randolph Vermont on highway 12.

4. How long did you see the object? Ner. Minutes 30 Seconds

5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of [  ] i.e. slight daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc. Night. ime

6. Position of the Sun or Moon in [  ] to the object and to you. No moon

7. If seen at night, twilight, or dusk, were the tars or moon vis..? Ste visible, br.

8. Were the a m...an one object? Yes [  ] please tell how many, etc. a sketch a.. you see, Indicat...
direction of mo...nt, if any. West East

9. Please describe object(s) For instance, d it (they) apparer solid, or only as a source of light; wid it revolving,
thi? Permit a...different... [  ] a parascutes. Indefini. solid objects, not

[ILLEGIBLE]

10. Was the object, lighter than the background of the sky? Yes

11. c. Campers in brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. Somewhat less tha [  ] rches.

12 he objectiy - (: some elaboration, if you [  ] details.)

a. Appear to star at any time? NO
b. Suddenly sppeed [  ] rush away at any time? NO
c. make up into per...ods? NO
d. Give off smoke? NO
e. Leave any visible trail. NO
f. Do anything? 
g. Change brightness? NO
h. Change [  ]
i. [  ] NO

Did the object(s) at any time in front of, or behind of, anything ? If so, please elaborate giving distances, size, etc.,if possible.
Passed bef. d the tops of distant trees.
dence any wind? No If so, close give direction and speed.

23. Did you observe the object(s) through on optical instrument or other, s.d, windshield, windscreen, v [  ], screening,
etc.? Yes What? Windshield

15. Did the object(s) has any sound? No What kind? Hov [  ]

17. Please tell if the ob j(t) was (were) —

a. Fuzz or blurred.
b. Like a bright star.
c. Sharply outlined. /.65

- page 11 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201


A report on the Bethel, Vermont, sighting of 4 January 1955.

This case was investigated by Dr. J. Allen Hynek who visited Bethel,
Vermont, and Burlington, Vermont, to interview Doctor [redacted]
[redacted] and [redacted]. After an essentially all day investigation,
the conclusion of the interviewer is that, with a high degree of
probability, the sighting was that of tracer bullets fired over the
highway from a wooded elevation immediately adjacent to the road and
rising from it. Statements of the two Randolph men, [redacted] and
Mr. [redacted] which seem to have the most weight, were that "the trajectories and general appearance of the luminous balls were exactly
like those of tracer bullets he had seen many times during World War II."

In addition to this statement, it is well-known that there are kids in
the neighborhood who are given to playing pranks. It is relatively
easy to obtain such tracer shells in the open market; and that there
were no laws in Vermont prohibiting the use of same. It is quite
understandable that even mature observers traveling along the highway
would be taken by surprise by such an unexpected and unusual observation.
In view of the statements of the witnesses interviewed it seems highly
likely to the interviewer that the sighting was indeed the result of
the firing of tracer bullets across the highway.

- page 12 -

18. Was object —
    a. Swifthenvisus?
    b. ? I finish?
    c. uring?
    d. apparent?
    During the i ght, was contained with then
    or to [illegible]

19. Did tl object rise or fall while i obsn? ose slightly

20. Twii the apparent size of the object(s) s compared with the following have a on lengths
    
    Reference                   at          g.
    a. Fist                      dollar      h. Ore atraut
    b. Pea                       dollar      i.    Football
    
    Or, if easier, .m apparent size .f tho .bject . hald at arm's length.

21. How did vou h... to o the object(s)? They apperred directly . f front of line of
    vision w... ct. - ding on the highway.

22. Where ---- ?. a-many-uare, on the road? Describing via an ecomobile as a passenger
    following jtapparently" as Expert Whitness at Gr... ury Hearing.
    Appeared to fade out into the distance

23. How did y object farther from y? 

24. C- [illegible] speed of the objectly ..is a plane or aircaraft at the same apparent altitude. Faster Uan jet

25. ...n on, ...ational aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterward? If so, circum st... ta. NO

26. ... a sitrnar. ..ance of the object(s). ½ to 1 nile

27. What .... the ....tion of the object in the sky? .-Please mark on the hemisphere sketch.

28. Names a.. .of other witnesses, if any. Departure Woodward
    Found         Publi ___ [illegible]
    
    Fran ... age of the locality at the observation statiim ... in position, ta.
    s. [illegible] ...Measureed from direc. the direction of its course are the area roads, how [illegible] ra
    large a w ..m a mile.
    
    Line of + subject         Ll½
    a... at sizi           Ramolph
    C D ... .. ... .... entrance           NE - later
    or Kuchesler ...
    
    S ... .... t . .
    ...
    ...

30. Is there an airport, military, ...ntal, or research institution in the area? NO        ....

31. Have y..seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe those observations, using a .apnrate sheet of paper.

32. Please and sth ..otograph, motion pictures, 'ews clippings, notes of radio or tv aviation programs (include time, station and state), if posse ...arding, ....iller etc ...n, or any other background m ..rial. We will return the material to you.

33. Were you inter ...ted by A ...or ..nvestigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the name and ...ills o
    [ILLEGIBLE]
    ...i ly, rise. State Aeronautics Board
    Were you ask... r told not to revea... d....ss the incident? ...y, Were any Tensors or official orders mentioned? Please elaborate.
    No

    should like
    us to report s. ..to quote your name in connection ..., this report. This action will on. .urge ....sponsible
    to report s. adstronarh in NICAP, however, if you pnfer, we will send you issued "ullse Please out
    house by check. ...er statement below. In any case, please fill in all sorts of the form. or one confidential
    Thank you for y.. ...tion.
    
    You may use my name; Please keep my name confidential. ( ;

35. Date of filling out this report: [illegible] 1965 Signature: [handwritten signature]

- page 13 -

143 Friend Court
Waltham, Massachusetts


SUBJECT:     Addendum: UFO Report - 4 January 1965

CONTENTS:    Additional Signed NICAP UFO Questionnaire

DATE:        19 January 1965

FROM:        Raymond E. Fowler
             Chairman; NICAP Massachusetts Investigating Subcommittee

TO:          NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
             Washington, D.C.

             Attention: Richard Hall (Acting Director)
             cc: USAF (AFOO-FTD)
             W.E. Webb


Attached is additional data pertinent to the UFO report transmitted to you by me on 18 January 1965. He, the sighting of three (3) UFOs between Bethel and Irasburg, Vermont - Highway 919 on 4 January 1965 by Dr. Richard Woodruff and Vermont State Trooper Ronald J. Woodruff at approximately 5:15 P.M. EST.

The additional data is recorded on a standard NICAP UFO Questionnaire which was filled out by the observer Dr. He has asked that his name be kept confidential. Except for minor differences in time and distance estimates, his report is substantially the same as that of Dr. Woodruff's report. His supporting testimony is valuable especially in that he is a well qualified observer.

I would comment that some of the recent sightings in Washington, Virginia and Maryland are of similar objects to that reported in the above-mentioned sighting.

                                          Respectfully submitted,

                                          [signature]
                                          Raymond E. Fowler
                                          NICAP Investigator


REF/sof

- page 14 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue N.W.
North 7-9434
Washington 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional
questions to which answers are wanted for full evaluation by NICAP.
After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly
issued magazine or in special publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional space,
please use another sheet of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name Ronald J. Moorward
Place of Employment Vermont Dept. Public Safety
Address Dept. Public Safety
Vermont State Police
Brattleboro, Vermont 05302
Occupation Assistant Superintendent,
Bureau of Identification
Education
Special training Advanced Subjects-Police Science
Military Service Army
Telephone 223-5211 Ext. 53

2. Date of Observation 4 January 1965
Time 1700 PM EST Time Zone

3. Locality of Observation Route 12 Travelling North between Bethel and Randolph

4. How long did you see the object? Hours Minutes 2 Seconds

5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky: i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dark, etc.

6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you.

7. If dawn or night, twilight, or dusk, were the stars or moon visible? NO

8. In what direction did the object move? If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating
direction of movement, if any. West to East

9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light? was it revolving,
etc.? Please use additional sheets of paper, if necessary. Appeared round, bright red in color; not unlike
neon sign or signs; accompanying craft. Larger and travelling at greater rate of speed.

10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? YES

11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. resembled a very bright red automotive
tail light.

12. Did the object(s) — (Please elaborate, if you can give details.)

a. Appear to stand still at any time? NO
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? maintained even speed
c. Break up into parts or explode? NO
d. Give off smoke? NO
e. Leave any visible trail? NO
f. Drop anything? NO
g. Change brightness? NO
h. Change shape? NO
i. Change color? NO

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc., if possible.
NO

14. Was there any wind? If so, please give direction and speed.

15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windshape, storm window, screening,
also? What?

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? None heard What kind? How loud?

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) —
a. Fuzzy or blurred,
b. Like a bright star,
c. Sharply outlined.

- page 15 -

18. Was the object —
     a. /Self-luminous?/
     b. Dull finish?
     c. Reflecting?
     d. Transparent?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Discribed a trajectory involving a shallow arc as opposed to abruptly rising to a peak and gradually arcing downward.

20. Did the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
     a. Pinhead         d. Nickel           g. Orange
     b. Pea             e. Half dollar      h. Grapefruit or possibly somewhat larger.
     c. Dime            f. Silver dollar    i. larger
     This is only an approximation due to the short interval of visibility.
     If in feet, give apparent size in inches or subdivisions of arm's length.

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? Objects were observed while operating a motor vehicle

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Operated North on Vt. Route # 12 as operator of a motor vehicle

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? Either over the Easterly horizon or downward to a nearby low mountainous area
     Complete a rough sketch of the sketch or plan of area opposite the object(s).
     or to the vicinity of 2000 - 3000 feet per reconnaissance.

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the vicinity at the time of immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate. Unknown - none observed -

26. Please estimate the distances of the object(s). From 1/8 to 1/4 mile distant. Please work on this hemisphere sketch:

27. How certain are you of the object(s) in the sky? 200 to 700 feet, possibly slightly higher

28. Were any sounds heard of other witnesses, if any. Richard S. [illegible], College of Medicine UVM, Burlington, Vt.
     Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s)
     appeared and disappeared from view; the direction of its course over the graxy roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other
     landmarks within a mile.

enclosure

s based on prior observation of and actual firing of tracer cal. .30 rifle ammunition.

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? no

31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? if so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper. no

32. Please enclose photograph, motion pictures, news clippings, tapes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date, if possible) regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. We will return the material to you.

33. Were you interviewed by Air Force Investigators? by any other federal, state, county, or local officials? if so, please state the case and make a brief report on the same; the police did; they came. Edward Inman, Vermont Commissioner of Aeronautics, Montpelier, Vt. Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? if so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please elaborate carefully.

34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This notice will encourage other responsible persons to forward observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will delete your name and address from the report. Please write your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form for our own confidential file. Thank you for your cooperation.

     You may use my name. ( )          Please keep my name confidential. (x)

35. Date of filling out this report: 15 January 1965          Signature: [illegible signature]

- page 16 -

[NON-TEXT PAGE: black-and-white map of Vermont and surrounding region showing towns, geographic features, and boundaries]

- page 17 -

NICAP Massachusetts Subcommittee
13 Priford Court
Waltham, Massachusetts

31 January 1965

SAF-OIPR
Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Washington, D.C. 20330

Attention: Major Bastion H. Jacks

Dear Major Jacks:

Thank you for your prompt return letter of 27 January informing me of the USAF evaluation of the UFO sighting made by an Oxford woodcutter and a Vermont State trooper - I as a probable observation of meteors, specifically from the Quadrantid meteor shower. There will also be for the quick-reference sheet for this shower and for other showers to refer to them thumbing through reference books. I will send a xerox copy to Dr. Bertron Woodill and the State trooper. A copy they will be sent interested in the original evaluation. I will ask for their comments concerning it and would send me a copy of such information commands concerning it as well. Somehow these 3 UFOs were meteors or not.

It is a fact that either 3 UFOs were meteors or not. Recent sightings throughout the U.S. are increasing at a phenomenal pace and many of them are taking place in the Washington, Virginia and Maryland area - right in your backyard so to speak. It realizes that the agency controls all UFO reports it must avail itself of vital and justifiable reasons for the present official approach to the UFO problem. After all, what good would it do to create more anxiety in the world, etc. May I suggest that a good initial step of it be their philosophy. However, I sincerely hope that some small bit of public information be forthcoming from the proper channels when public information has been and is being prepared for the general public when the public is not being prepared for them. What really disturbs me is that the public is not being prepared for them is that the public is not being prepared for them is that the public information seemingly is waiting until it has gotten so far out of hand and is practically is waiting until it has gotten so far out of hand and is practically is waiting until it has gotten so far out of hand and is practically obvious to you.

As a response to the USAF evaluation, I would like to make a few comments regarding our subcommittee and our evaluation of this particular UFO report. On our NICAP Massachusetts Subcommittee, we have an Aeronautical Engineer, an Advanced Radar Specialist, A Missile Launch, A Chemical Engineer, A Radiation Physicist, an Optics Technician, A former Air Force Officer, the former Chairman of some of those men hold key positions in the Electronics industry and are developing the Advanced Ground Electrical System for the USAF Minuteman Missile at Martin. One of these men has worked for the USAF on Heavy Radar and has held a position at Harvard Observatory in the field of Radio Astronomy.

- page 18 -

I mention these 2 to to assure you that our Jecountites is a "bonafidc" problem item, who are genuinely interested in investigation and evaluation - unlike the "Saucer Cultists" and others who have unfortunately created a "secondary UFO problem" in addition to the main one.

Meteors, of course, were immediate suspects but because of the high caliber of the witnesses involved and their description of the object, it was decided that a UFO report should be filed. The following facts tend to negate the Quadrantid meteor solution, although, of course, they do not in themselves prove that the objects were not meteors.

I. THE QUADRANTID METEOR SHOWER

A. DATE:

1. Maximum - January 3
2. Minimum - January 1 - 4

B. RADIANT POINT OF: (i.e. Where they appear to emanate from)

1. General region of Constellations Bootes and Ursa Major.
2. In January 1965, this radiant point's apparent position of culmination(highest point above horizon) was between 2:00 AM and 11:00 AM in the morning at Randolph, Vermont.
3. At 5:45 PM, those facts should be noted a "light point":

a. It was located just above or below the approximate Northern horizon.

b. NE. these meteors could be observed at all at this time, they would appear to emanate from the Northern horizon in most cases.

c. Both witnesses observed the objects coming over the Western horizon and disappearing over the Eastern horizon.

C. FREQUENCY OF:

1. At 5:15 PM, the frequency of meteors sighted at this time would be at almost the lowest ebb because at this time we are losing in the opposite direction of the earth's motion in its orbit.

2. NHT observers observed 3 in rapid succession!

II. CHARACTERISTICS TENDING TO RULE OUT METEORS IN THIS SIGHTING:

A. SIZE: Between the size of a grapefruit or Foosball held at arm's length. I have yet to see or hear about anyone seeing 3 meteors in a row with this apparent size!

B. DEFINITION: Sharply defined, unlike a glowing meteor.

C. TRAIL: No visible trail. Very unusual for a meteor, especially of this size!

D. SHAPE: Each of the 3 objects were identical in shape (and size). There was no change in shape or disintegration such as is usually especially noted in large meteors.

E. ALTITUDE: An apparent 200-500 feet over the highway.

- page 19 -

F. DISTANCE: 1/8 - 1 mile estimated.

G. FLIGHT PATH: Each followed an identical Flight Path. Very unusual if they were meteors, especially meteors of this size which must be extremly rare. I do not think even large bolids are of this size.

Thus, you can see why a UFO Report was filed. In addition, if one takes into consideration the fact that both witnesses have probably seen many meteors before, yet did not even entertain the possibility and that similar sightings are being reported in the New England States at this time, he would at least be suspicious of the meteor answer.

I apologize for the length of this letter and do not expect an answer from your office is very busy at this time. I wonder if this sudden burst of UFO activity has anything to do with the close approach of Mars in March?

Enclosed are several newsclips for your information. I am enclosing a clipping from the Hartford Times which states that a local Planetarium was planning to interview them yesterday. Perhaps a full report will be at the listing. If so, a copy will be sent ATIC (ATN: Maj. Hector Quintanilla) from one of the two newspapers or a nationwide clipping service. I learn that he received a large envelop (9 x 12 size) full of UFO clippings last week. I learned from studying sightings as well. A Hawaiin who is studying the effects of electro-magnetic fields from high tension power line on electronic systems recently reported in this area of UFOs and in his spare time is working on some theories as to what kind of propulsion system would cause those side effects. I am sending a book borrowed in UFO reports. I have trained people some of whom have received "black market" information on UFOs. one of them has been contacted by many highly-technical men where I am employed and has received very favorable comments. NICAP may have its faults but you must admit it is doing a excellent job in spite of the lack of resources. Well, I've rambled on enough and will close now. Thank you again for your prompt response. I will be sending in some more reports soon, some of which are old but nevertheless interesting and may be of some statistical value.

Yours sincerely

Raymond E. Fowler
Chairman: Mass. NICAP Subcommittee

RBP/psf

- page 20 -

[stamp: AIR FORCE FORM 75]

Mr. Raymond E. Fowler
15 Friend Court,
Waltham, Massachusetts

Major Maston M. Jacks
SAFCUTPB
Department of the Air Force
Office of the Secretary
United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.
20330

[handwritten: 1 FEB 65]

- page 21 -

ROBERT J. AIKEN M.D., M.P.H
COMMISSIONER

RICHARD S. WOODBURY, M.D., V.M.D.
CHIEF MEDICAL EXAMINER

STATE OF VERMONT
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH
OFFICE OF STATE PATHOLOGIST
U.V.M. COLLEGE OF MEDICINE
BURLINGTON

February 9, 1965

Mr. Raymond E. Fowler
Chairman, NICAP Mass. Subcommittee
13 Friend Court
Wenham, Massachusetts

Dear Mr. Fowler:

Please excuse the delay in answering your letter of February 1st, but our medicolegal work has been so heavy these past few weeks that I have been out of the office a good part of the time and have not had an opportunity to respond as quickly as I probably should have done. With reference to the letter you received from Major Jacks of the Air Force, my only comment concerning this, is that I am amazed that the major could not come up with a better solution than this.

While I do not feel free to comment concerning Trooper Woodward's experience with meteors, although I am quite sure that he is able to recognize one when he sees it, I can say for myself that you were quite accurate in your answer to Major Jacks. I have seen numerous meteor in the past and, if I had thought that there was any possibility that the three objects we saw on that night were meteors, I never would have mentioned the matter. Also, your letter to Major Jacks enumerates quite well the various points concerning our "sightings" whereby a moving object such as a meteor could quite well be ruled out.

I shall acquaint Corporal Woodward of this response to your report and suggest that he might also see fit to write you concerning the Air Force diagnosis.

My one final comment on the matter is that while I make no speculations as to what the objects we saw might be, I do feel most definitely that they were not meteors.

- page 22 -

[handwritten: Hygrade]

FTD (EFTAC)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
29 July 1965

Dr J Allen Hynek
Harvard College Observatory
60 Garden Street
Cambridge, Massachusetts

Dear Allen,

This is to confirm discussions during your recent visit regarding the Bethel, Vermont observation by [redacted] and also pertaining to his observation. [redacted section], forwarded this information. Of particular interest is the data given [redacted] by additional witnesses as published in the Burlington Free Press news article. The reports for additional witnesses have been received by the Air Force. In order that a conclusion to this case may be made, permission from the contractor has been obtained for you to conduct an investigation at Bethel.

In case the original data on this sighting is at Hanscom, we are attaching correspondence pertinent to this report.

Sincerely, /s/

ROMAN GUIRANNELLA, Jr
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

[redacted section]

- page 23 -

Mr. Raymond E. Fowler

I am enclosing photostat copies of a letter and news item showing
the names and addresses of the individuals who reported having seen
what appeared to be the same objects we viewed at that same time
and hope that you will be able to obtain some replies from them
which may aid in furnishing further light upon this matter.

Sincerely yours,

[handwritten signature]
Richard S. Woodruff, M.D.
State Pathologist

RSW:dde
Enc.

- page 24 -

ATIC FORM 329/PROJECT BLUE BOOK REPORT
23 Bethel Church, Bethel, (Unknown)

SUBMITTER: Addendum: UFO Report, Bethel-Randolph, Vermont - 6 January 1965

DATE: 12 February 1965

FROM: Raymond E. Fowler
       Addendum: NICAP Field Investigator

TO: AFCIC, Washington, D.C.        c/o [ILLEGIBLE]
                                    W. Webb

COPY DISTRIBUTION: Ref. USAF CIRCLE OF INVESTIGATION LETTER 27 January 1965
                  Attn: Major Kirshan H. Jones

(UNCLASSIFIED - Major Air Force confusion only aligning to a problem.)
[handwritten: From the letter classified (unclassifiable or Unclassified)]

The information about obtained analysis of the above UFO
sightings in Bethel, Vermont and Randolph, a data sighting on 26th December 1964, and in Manchester, Vermont on 6th January 1965
was covered. However the sightings will appear in complete detail on several dates prior to and subsequent dates. A copy of Dr. McDonald's letter containing requests for information regarding the data will be presented separately available material.

D): UNMAPPED SEARCH: Dated February 3, 1965

At a moment that other called me one an idea a
search-light in Bethel said: "In a few moments there
shot saw very briefly they only other possible to
[illegible]. I aided words here perceptions. The
[illegible] group below to Major found [illegible] with
the aid [illegible] helped [illegible] in [illegible]...
[illegible] is a [illegible] [illegible] that they were
more visible to

ADDITIONAL WITNESSES TO SAID UFO SIGHTINGS:

Other witnesses during period: Romeo King, Howard Frank
Smith, [illegible] and [illegible], Vernon [illegible], Portsmouth [illegible]

[Account of by [illegible] and [illegible] - A long more recent report and
[illegible] which [illegible] [illegible] years [illegible] to make
is [illegible] also [illegible] on [illegible] on [illegible] to all.
[illegible] [illegible] is in [illegible] [illegible] also [illegible]
[illegible] [illegible]. At [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible]
[illegible] [illegible]. A report [illegible] with a [illegible]. At [illegible] [illegible]
[illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] had [illegible] to [illegible]
[illegible] [illegible]. [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible]
[illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible] [illegible]

- page 25 -

ADJUTANT UFO Report, Bethel, Vermont, January 4, 1965 (continued)

Page A. Whereby, Bethel Chairman of Board of Selectmen
believes Report and Reasonable, Monday p.m. - 4:30 PM:

"...L was reluctance to make comment until I read...
until I read. Report in the paper. I know the 1960
observation. At 95 of Snow Lobo the two of them
made sightings at Highsmith Lumber and town warehouse."

"I have travel two route every day. About a mile march
clear, one particularly 1950 observation..."

"The two Killings appeared to some dangerous in
bright...O-shaped, and is very startled to be
...of the Residents stated to do about the at baseball.
There I made to...or a boy full of strange..."

"The any type of frozen bullet Since you spoke I read some
afternoon things until to the point of another. They
are reading. Albermcm they disappeared from
the Sulpher Dumped the southern Villages."

"My believed it. I dont use to three hundred feet and
use to several feet above to...or open"

"Sir...I don't feel the girls in visibility very
bad. I from believe had General! the I believe that
...be bad object could eventually be investigated..."

REMARKS FULL DISCUSSION ANALYSIS OF UFO EXPLANATION:

CIVILIAN SCIENCE CORPS

Elevation = 5/8        Feedback Report: Background Major from
Elevation = 6/4        Orientation: 22:00 AM on Monday AM

AT 9:00 PM:        1) Feedback Point just above or below anyway, N. Reading:
                   2) Had, all advanced climbed UFOs making out of the
                      North and South elevation over the flaming
                   3) Stringer 2-8 SW/3-east sighted at time Karl and
                      did not [illegible] 3.5 min and sightings are
                      [illegible] directions of small motion in leg 6:15.
                      [illegible] observed 3 UFOs do formed movement:

Other space [illegible] to with ant reference:

Star: During the ride of a baseball and a Norther; an amp's length.
"..." normal to two objects this length - 5 in a foot

Description: Domed, sharply defined, white a glowing amber.
[illegible] through top opening, no window small. Burned for many minutes.
Shape: All over - no change in distribution or noted in heavy movement.

Launched: several hundred feet Estimated: Velocity UFOs the field:

[Text becomes increasingly illegible toward bottom of page]

- page 26 -

RETURN TO
[illegible] L. Fowler
15 Friend Court,
Wenhm, Massachusetts
(NICAP Massachusetts Subcommittee)

AFSC (FID)
Wright-Patterson AFB,
Dayton, Ohio
Attention: MAIMOT BLUEBOK

- page 27 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

FTD (ATIC)
Wright-Patterson AFD, Ohio 45433
19 February 1965

Charles P Olivier
President, American Meteor Society
260 North Wynnewood Avenue
Narberth, Pennsylvania

Dear Dr Olivier,

Our office is interested in meteor sighting from the
New England area on the evening of 8 Jan 65. We would
appreciate any reports which you may have occurring between
0145 and 2330 pm EST, 8 Jan 65.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

- page 28 -

[illegible section]

- page 29 -

UNIVERSITY of PENNSYLVANIA
PHILADELPHIA 4

Flower and Cook Observatory                1957-3-22

Major Hector Quinanilla,Jr.
Chief , Aerial Phenomena Branch,
AFSC-Washington, AFB,
Ohio.

Dear Major Quinanilla:

At last I have had time to get
a report from New England concerning the objects you asked
about in a letter fully three weeks ago. It only came in
this morning; I have no other records covering vicinity,
date, and hour limits.

As I have noted it, now on a
form is in your files. So to not bother to return, I am
sorry about delay but as all my observed work as volunteers, I have only moral authority over them.

Again I wish to thank you for
your most valuable cooperation in sending us the firewall
reports.

Most sincerely yours,

C H Liner

C. H. LIVER
AMERICAN DATA SOCIETY
521 N. [illegible] AVE
WATERBURY, VT

19277

[handwritten: very glad to]
[handwritten: look date for your]
[handwritten: object.]

- page 30 -

A Vermont UFO sighting by Dr. Richard S. Woodruff, State Pathologist, and a State Police official was dated Feb. 16, 1965, in the last issue. The correct date is Jan. 4. Dr. Woodruff, the police official, and other witnesses saw three low-flying objects race above a runway at an estimated 2,000 mph.

April_247 55 Items

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE
ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1330 Connecticut Ave. N.W.,
Washington 6, D.C.

- page 31 -

FRIDAY                   Page 13    Betaque. Vt-nont at Strangel Lake Compoller                JANUARY 8, 1965

Doctor, Trooper Agree

3 UFOs Went Flying By

Dr. Richard S. Woodruff, Ver- suddenly, just above the tree-poster, "I was not seeing things,
mont State Police Major and a staff tops, to our left, an object came and I am not too overly im-
member of the University of rapidly into sight. It carried an imaginative. And neither is the
Maine, reported incidents to our left illuminated light about the trooper."
                                      Unidentified flying objects
has respected scientist, was "sike of a football."             were sighted above our state.
"The trooper said, 'My god, have been the source of much
also there.                          a Vermont State trooper did you see that?'"                speculation. In a recent national
   It was Monday, between 4:30 and   When the second came publication, Sen. Everett Dirkse
9 p.m. on Vermont Rt. 5, about publication, Sen. Everett Dirk-
between Bethel and Randolph, sen Case Jury in Emerald into view, it flew the same ch. (R-Ill.) said the American
                                      path. The Major said "To our right people should be told the truth
   "Then came a third, exactly right people should be told the truth about them."
Dr. Woodruff called a reporter on Tues- like the first two. One, two, about them."
    , three, just like that."                    "The Air Force has repeatedly
day. Then, and after:
                                      denied their existence despite
   "I have hesitated to call. I Scientific at Cape Kennedy scores of authenticated reports
am everything I say will be reported a UFOs trailing a Co- from reliable witnesses.
down misinterpretation. But mini space capsule shortly
remember, two of us saw the after launching in July.
same thing at the same time.
                                      "The trooper and I were spend-      These sightings have never
                                      ing the confidential detail ing been confirmed by the Air
"As we were driving along," Dr. Woodruff assured the rep- on UFO as they are Force.
                                      reported by the media,
                                      but they were traveling so fast,
                                      we couldn't say,"
                                      "Even confirmed by the Air
                                      Force.

- page 32 -

Information Only
Ormont Press, Burlington, Vt

21-29 January 1965
[ ] Randolph and Bethel
Vermont

New EnglandPress Associates, Inc.
Box 708, Boston 2 • HI4-6693 x 120

Press Press (m)
BURLINGTON, VT.
Circ. 34,204

JAN 22 1965

5 More Report
They Saw Those
Bethel 'Saucers'

Five men have written to
Dr. Richard S. Woodruff, tell-
ing him they saw three
unidentified flying objects the
same time he did on Vermont
Rt Jan. 1.

Dr. Woodruff and a state
trooper, traveling between
Randolph and Bethel reported
they both saw three noiseless
objects, flying at treetop level,
carrying orangish-red lights at
4:30 p.m.

Dr. Woodruff, who is said
pedagogist and staff member
of the University of Vermont
College of Medicine, said four
men driving in one car had
written they also saw the UFO's.
Another man driving alone
also wrote to the pathologist,
confirming what he saw.

Dr. Woodruff said there
was absolutely no possibility
of the UFO's being collecting
power-readable mirrors from
window glass, or car lights, as
one writer suggested to him.

The correspondents said
they had no explanation for
the objects but would certai-
nly like to have the mystery
cleared up.

- page 33 -

19 April 1955

Mr. [redacted]
Bethel, Massachusetts

Dear [redacted]:

The Air Force has asked my opinion of their evaluation of the Bethel-
Norfolkm sighting of 6 January 1955. I regret that it has taken me this
long to get to this particular case.

As so frequently happens, I need more information before coming to any
conclusion. While there is a strong similarity of this sighting to that
[redacted] of July, nothing definite can be said. I may
have been lost of the distance of these sharp objects. [redacted] indicated
that in his opinion the objects passed between him and the distant hill,
to 30, this would set an upper limit to the distance, and would prove that
the objects were moving along the other hand, one can't mistaken in
matters of this sort. I understand from talking to Salem
on the phone, that there were other reports of the sighting, both by some
people in a car than he trailing his by some distance and by persons
else who saw it more or less at right angles to his position. If this
is the case, it opens the possibility of a rough fix on the object,
a bit of information obviously of great importance.

I should like to ask whether you have made this calculation and, secondly,
whether I might have access to these additional reports. I rather imagine
that the reports were not in it the time you submitted your
material to the Air Force, as undoubtedly you have wished them to have as
much information as possible.

I would agree on the basis of what limited information I have now that the
sighting was not one of ordinary meteors, particularly the Quaerediti. But
it my opinion your hypothesis is not entirely ruled out by the object's
sure in a given distance. Or in other words, I would agree that it was too
fast or went in a peculiar path to be simply a meteor at hand.
I am so used to reports coming in here to the observatory of a
bright object that "landed in the next farm yard" only to discover that the
person had seen a flashed, that landed two hundred miles away. I feel,
that it is extremely important to establish, if at all possible, the distance of these objects by an collective method.

I hope that you will favor me with copies of the additional reports of this
sighting and any other additional information which you have come to light
since your learned earlier this year. I understand that you are extremely
active in this field, and which you combine painstance and patience in
operating fact from observation of facts and pinpointing out whenever
possible the often considerable honest errors in the making of observations.
I do wish you luck in your continued efforts.

Sincerely yours,

[redacted]

- page 34 -

Information Only
Source: Saucei News, Vol 1?, #1, March 1955

Burlington, Vermont
3 January 1955

On the night of January 3rd, Dr. Richard S. Woodruff, a highly respected physician, was driving with a Vermont State policeman, near Burlington, Vermont, when the two men saw three reddish UFOs pass across the highway at treetop level. The objects were moving at such high speed that the observers could not give a detailed description....

- page 35 -

Information Only
Source: ATIC Investigator, Vol. III, No. 2, April-ly 65

Document
16 FEB, 1965

A Vermont UFO sighting by Dr. Richard S. Woodruff, State
Pathologist, and a State Police official, was dated Feb. 16, 1965,
not Feb. 17. The correct date is Jan. 4. Dr. Woodruff, the
police official, and other witnesses saw three low-flying objects
race above a passway at an estimated 3,000 f.p.h.

- page 36 -

Pathologist Views UFO

Dr. Richard S. Woodruff, Vermont State Pathologist, staff member of the University of Vermont College of Medicine, and a Vermont State Trooper were driving on Vermont Rt. 100 between Bethel and Randolph on 4 January 1953 when they saw 3 UFOs. In the Burlington Free Press, Dr. Woodruff was quoted: "As we were driving along—suddenly— just above the treetops to our left, an object came rapidly into sight. It carried an orangered light about the size of a football. The trooper said: 'My God! Did you see that?' Just then the second came into view. It flew the same course as the first, to our right above the valley, then disappeared swiftly into the sky. Then came a third, exactly like the first two. One, two, three, just like that. The trooper and I were spellbound. The UFOs appeared to be round, but they were travelling so fast we really couldn't say I was not seeing things, and I am not too overly imaginative. And neither is the trooper." No sound or contrail was reported, nor was there any electromagnetic (EM) phenomena connected with the incident.

- page 37 -

From opposite sides of the world come these very different tektites. At the left is a tektite, enlarged to twice its size, found by R. W. Wright of Magnolia, Texas. All pictures of individual tektites with this article are from the Smithsonian Institution, Washington, D.C.

Tektites and the Cyrillid Shower

JOHN A. O'KEEFE, Goddard Space Flight Center, National Aeronautics and Space Administration

THE LAUNCHING of more than 30 artificial earth satellites in the thirteen years since October 4, 1957, has given new impetus to the study of the oldest known instance of a natural satellite, or rather a group of natural satellites close to the earth. These were the Cyrillids, sometimes referred to as the Canadian fireball procession of February 9, 1913.

Many of that shower's phenomena are illuminated by physical and engineering studies, especially of satellite re-entry, that have been made in the last few years. This study of this shower also offers the possibility of explaining the origin of tektites, those strange and beautiful glass objects found in many parts of the world.

The Cyrillids aroused the attention of astronomers very soon after the event in 1913. According to Prof. C. A. Chant of the University of Toronto: "At about 9:05 on the evening in question there suddenly appeared in the northwestern sky a very red body which quickly grew larger as it came nearer, and which was then seen to be followed by a long tail. . . . In the streaming of the tail behind, as well as in the color, both of the head and the tail, it resembled a rocket; but, unlike the rocket, the body showed no indication of dropping in the earth. On the contrary it moved forward on a perfectly horizontal path with peculiar, majestic dignified

deliberation; and continuing in its course, with the head appearing so bright as an in the first case. They all seemed the same speed and were headed for the same point in the southeastern sky. . . .

"Before the astonishment aroused by this first meteor had subsided, other bodies were seen coming from the north west, emerging from precisely the same place as the first one. Onward they moved at the same deliberate pace, in

two or three or four, with tails streaming behind. Thereupon yet other tails for so bright as in the first case. They all seemed the same speed and were headed for the same point in the southwestern sky. . . .

"Several report that near the middle of the great procession was a fine large star without a tail, and that a similar body brought up the rear. Just as the bodies were vanishing,

As they passed over Toronto and in front of Omsk, the Cyrillids caught the practiced eye of an artist, Gustav Holm, and his wife. Now 94 years old, he was then an amateur astronomer and friend of C. A. Chant. His painting is courtesy "Varsity Graduate," University of Toronto.

- page 38 -

CASSIOPEIA                                N. STAR

[At top of page: small star chart/diagram showing constellation positions]

Miss Catherine MacVicar Duncan, Thomasville, Ontario, who drew this sketch, reported hundreds of sparks in group 1, and a lot of light in the others. Of object 3, she said, "One big body floated along, the flashes... it had sparks passed out to as much fainter than the others. Her location at Thomasville was about 150 miles southwest of Toronto and slightly west of the Chant tract. Hence the Cyrillids appeared to move toward her right. The eyewitness sketches with this article are taken from the "Journal" of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada.

or shortly afterwards, there was heard in many places a peculiar rumbling sound, like distant thunder or like a carriage passing over rough roads or over a bridge. In some cases there such sounds, following or short intervals, over hours; while a number of people left a shaking of the earth or of the house.

The entire time occupied by the displays on Tmmmsemain in certainly, but [was] perhaps 5-3 minutes."

The other remarks of ground were sup- plemented by others from as far westward in Canada as the vicinity of Regina, Saskatchewan. In the easterly direction, Chant also received accounts of the same group of bodies from Bermuda. He noted that the sightings formed an arc of a great circle, with observers to the east out of his circle, using the shower to the west, and those west of the shower seeing it to the east.

On this basis, Chant put forward the idea that the "objects were natural met- eors of the earth.

In the following years, new data filled out the arc over which the Cyrillids were seen. Prof. W. F. Denning discovered some shipboard observations that extended the arc so far to the original length, into the South Atlantic off Cape San Roque, Brazil. Next, W. H. Picker-

[DIAGRAM: Simple geometric sketch showing circular orbit paths labeled "CIRCULAR ORBIT", "PARABOLIC", "TORONTO", "EARTH", and "CAPE SAN ROQUE"]

Sketched here, not to scale, on a parabolic and a circular orbit in the plane of Chant's great circle. Over Toronto, north 60 degrees from Cape San Roque, the parabolic arc descends markedly, but the observer's reports of nearly level light fit only the circular orbit, which is parallel to the earth's surface.

ing located three more shipboard sightings from Brazil. If we move the perigee far- which filled the gap between New York ther to the northeast, the angle in "Toron- and Bermuda. to" gets even steeper, increasing the ve-

Finally, in the period from 1954 to locity bias in the same direction. As the the present, A. D. Mildene has located orbit becomes hyperbolic, this bias to the several dozen accounts in the old news- distic. This loss is the only possible way papers in Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michi- to reconcile the orbit with the observations.

gan, New York, Pennsylvania, and New From the physical point of view, the Jersey. These last especially welcome unevenness of the belt along which the because they fill significant gaps in the Cyrillids were seen is hard to understand, picture given by Chant, and assure us unless they were following one another that the phenomenon was actually con- in similar orbits. If they were an ordinary tinuous over the whole extent. In par- meteor shower, the swarm causing it ticular, they indicate that demonstrators would have to be very thin - about 100 of the light heard in Toronto continued at miles across - and some two or three least 200 miles to Towards, Pennsyl- thousand miles long. Furthermore, the vania. swarm would just have happened to

From the observations, it can be shown strike the earth exactly at its coincided that the Cyrillids were moving about the earth in nearly circular orbits. In so doing, imagine instead that they were moving in the narrow paths of low velocity with respect to the earth. Such orbits would be nearly parabolic in the infinity of our planet. The diagram shows a cross section of the earth in the plane of the great circle along which the Cyrillids were seen. A supposed parabolic path. In this case, the orbital perigee would have been at Cape San Roque and the bodies would have been traveling parallel to the horizon, as observed there. At Toronto, on the other hand, meteors following such an orbit would fall at an angle of about 50 degrees with respect to the horizon. This flatly contradicts the observations, which, as Chant emphasized, point with remarkable unanimity to nearly horizontal flight in this area.

Further, the fact that the individual meteors were seen for periods of a minute or so indicates that their flight was nearly horizontal. Meteors are generally invisible above heights of 100 kilometers and below 50 kilometers. If the Cyrillids had been traveling downward at an angle of 50 degrees to the horizontal, their visible paths would have been some 140 kilometers long. Their period of visibility would have been only 12 seconds, at the probable velocity of 112 kilometers per second, ignoring atmospheric deceleration.

Obviously, the parabolic solution, with perigee near Cape Roque, will not work!. And if we leave the perigee north, we get also in this part, then the meteors would have passed the earth's surface four soon and have been unobservable.

[On right margin] Felts is a moldavite, from Nerdytz in southern Bohemia. The two-times enlargement shows its highest and pitted fixed surface, feldspar are glossy, and characterized by low hardness of refraction, less than those typical of man-made glass.

- page 39 -

landed in the valleys with almost McIlane corresponded. But in the area of the expected second possible side to locate a single article pertaining to the shower, with the trivial exception of some reportings of a pre-observed dispute, from Buffalo, New York.

These negative results in no firm areas of clear weather on that night, lead to two important conclusions. They re-emphasize the idea, first stated in Chart, that the Cyrilliids were really so and near a great circle, and they make it very unlikely that any substantial part of the Cyrillid shower survived for another circuit of the earth.

The second conclusion gives us a significant clue to the origin of the Cyrillids. It means that they had been more ground than the earth as a family of bodies for very few revolutions, perhaps only one before the passage over Toronto on which they were observed. Suppose there had not subsequently in orbit for any revolutions before they were seen. Evens they would have different sizes and shapes, the drag by the earth's atmosphere could be different for each of them and would slow some more than others. Several instantaneous weights on the orbit of Sputnik I discovered that orbital lift of the drag of a satellite is inversely proportional to the drag coefficient. Since it is reasonable to suppose that the drag coefficients differed from one another by such a large a factor of two, some of the satellites would travel twice

To the master for this research, A. D. Mclane lent his entire collection of positive and negative replies to extensive inquiries along the Giant trace from Hanaford, New York to the Shower reports, all the Midwest region of a second possible tail, the turned into alone the wholly negative results of a search conducted by his father and his correspondent.

with the center of the planet. Because of the impossibility of such a shower structure, and our precedent arguments, we conclude that the objects of the meter: protestors of February 9, 1915, were the last stretch of the earth.

The outer Cyrillid is shown in a view of the system of bodies in earth orbits. Having been in orbit around the earth, most of the time since the first sighting, and hence cannot be named, like the Leonids, Perseids, or other showers associated with no comet, so far as is known they cannot be named, like the Geminella, like the Bielela of the Giacobinids, after a comet. The Perseids, on the other hand, which appear about St. Louis one's day (August 10th), were tra- ditionally called in Years of St. Lewis. result. On this precedent is based the same Cyrillid, the 6th of February being the origin of Cyrill's day.

Two attempts have been made to find evidence of a second revolution of the Cyrillids. The first and only right is from examining about 45 United States metro- politan newspaper, practically the all others not them which no one has, The first and second fall off the chart, were no records which can be found by Giant. They were reported in newspapers of February 13 in New York and Philadelphia from the crew of ships being there. But one obviously insignificant result points are In-

Results of a search through newspapers published at the time of the 1913 meteor procession, Triangles locate observers who reported seeing meteors, and indicate papers that carried no local reports.

centrated search along this projected path and many revolutions as others. Thus, the are compared with the work of Mclane entry of the cluster over the tower region along the Giant trace. Many of the place would be spread over a number of newspapers were examined by me, the revolutions equal to at least half the result is added investigative results by side by part of the cluster. Numerical intriga side side by side by any was kind to show why, an of which all the members of such a shower could disappear in one resolution.

[illegible section at bottom of page]

- page 40 -

The most probable explanation, it an, meteorite coming into the atmosphere, pe ks, is that the Cyrillids were formed from such a body which had a sizeable number of revolutions around the earth. Presumably as a re sult of lunar perturbations, the perigee of the orbit into the lower atmos phere. His orbit then contracted, in the manner which has become familiar to all us in their artificial satellite: the semi major axis and eccentricity of the orbit decreased.

In each succeeding perigee passage, the atmosphere head is become greater, not only because a succession passes were slightly lower one above all, because each revolution lasted longer than the previous one, as the ship's eccentricity distributed passges.

Graphically, this listing became very great, and the body began to melt. Drops were swept from the surface. Some of these followed the main orbit out to a greater distance, formed earlier, were retarded more in accordance with the now familiar papers of drag retardation. These got ahead of the main body, and preceded it on the next (final) pass. The small said drops forms of milli-metric douds in the Milky Archi-pelago and named for the fact of millions, were seven aerial.

tekites themselves, Opik also provid ed for calculating the masses of the bodies from the integrated luminosities. Despite the rather fragmentary information on Cyrillid brightness, it appears that they had individual masses in the range of kiloties.

From detailed studies of the chemistry of the tektite, tentative conclusions cn be drawn. Their iron is sili, or nearly sili, in the reduced state (ferrous oxide). With solar furnaces working at the fusion tem peratures of tektites, F. Smiths and his coworkers at the National Bureau of

While investigating Moon Sound, Walter L. Height was astonished to see a group of ull reddish meteors moving from the west in apparently level flight. He observed one group of four or five bodies followed by a few scat tered ones, making a total of about 15. He was most impressed by the slow, measured speed of the flight, estimating the duration as 1½ to two minutes. Parry Sound is located about 120 miles north and slightly west of Toronto, quite far from the Chost trace.

[diagram showing landscape silhouette with dashed lines and dots]

Poura region Falls, 68 miles northeast of Toronto, Walter H. Stevenson counted seven bright, white "stars" in the first group, A in his diagram. They were closely followed by a reddish glow, like the glare from a fire. A bright white "ball" a B, estimated to be nearly as brilliant as ar planet Venus, preceded several reddish clusters marked C. A shower of red meteors, D, cov ered an area of the sky about 10 degrees in angular spread of a bright "cow" and passed less then hallway up the western sky. The entire display lasted so continuous these minutes.

- page 41 -

Q. Where in the sky is Hubble's variable nebula?
A. In Monoceros, at right ascension 6h 38m, declination +8° 43' (1950 ordinates). Also known as NGC 2261, this diffuse nebula is variable star R Monocerrotis at its tip. For a Palomar photograph, see Sky and Telescope for January, 1954, page 79.

Q. I am an amateur astronomer studying French. Is there some popular astronomy magazine in that language you would suggest for reading?
A. L'Astronomie is a well-illustrated periodical, with articles by both professional and amateur astronomers. It is published by the Société Astronomique de France, 28 Rue Serpente, Paris 6e.

Q. What telescope set of eyepieces is suggested for a 6-inch f/8 reflector on an 8-inch equatorial mount?
A. A 1.25-inch ocular is useful for star finding, viewing, and studying a brightly 6-inch for general views of the moon and planets; a 1-inch for lunar detail observing under good seeing conditions. With reflecting telescopes, wider and orthoscopic eyepieces are generally recommended.

Q. What is meant by star names such as R or variable in 81 G. Pavium?
A. G. indicates that a star number is registered in R. A. Gould's Uranometria (Gould, 1879). This work consists of a catalogue and charts of southern stars to magnitude 7.0 in each constellation. The stars are numbered in order of right ascension.

Q. How are daily sunspot numbers determined?
A. By adding the number of visible spots for 10 times the number of spot groups. This total is multiplied by a constant for most observers not in full unity, to bring the daily number into agreement with a standard series, such as the Zurich sunspot numbers. Much care and checking is required to obtain consistent results.

Q. What is an H-α (Hydrogen-Alpha) diagram?
A. It's a graph in which the vertical scale represents star's absolute magnitude, the horizontal scale spectral classes. Insomuch as bright stars are near the top of the diagram, faint ones below; i.e., the stars are toward the left, cool red ones to the right.

Q. How fast does an asteroid appear to move with respect to the star background?
A. At opposition, the apparent motion of a typical asteroid is about 13 to 12 minutes of arc per day.

W.F.S.

Seventy-six miles northeast of Toronto, at Centleton, John T. Ormston compared the length of shadows cast by others 200 yards in front of him. The extended an angle of about 25 degrees. his comparison of them gave a deviation of about 25 degrees.

Standards have found that only a few friction from terrestrial material, say by minutes are required to reduce across roads or from earth into the space rain. they have shown that the almost complete in it continues in minutes and the cooling is heating time of at least a few minutes. Also the areas of water points in the some direction.

On the other hand, V. Barnes has established a new fine filament, nearly pure glass that appear in textiles seen on disposal after bush on home heating. This test down the heating effects of radiant cooled by strongly fine to pressure, which is also how long the Citilidae very hot.

It is even possible to form an idea of the pressure that prevailed during ticksite formation, for they contain bubble in which are the known times of thousands of an atmosphere.

The absorption of texiries with showers of the Cytilidae type is thus supposed by evidence from the are of their texture, that often form in showers such as the Cytilidae, and the ultimate origin of the body that initiated this shower of great interest, perhaps it could even have been a direct shower from the moon by meteorite impact. His idea of a lunar white origin was suggested in this magazine by H. H. Nininger 18 years ago (February, 1943, page 19).

[DIAGRAM: Five circles in descending size from left to right]

In many parts of the world, brown, green, and black tektites have been found, being named for the localities where they were originally dug up. Those drops were found in Australia, where there are estimated to be several million tons. They are called australites, and have a concave radio shape, that of a button or a lens with a flange. Similar numbers of tektites elsewhere, but their distribution is spotty.

- page 42 -

[stamp: <redacted black line>]

ATIC (MICH)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
19 Feb 65

Dr. J Allan Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Allan,

Reference the attached information which is self explanatory.
We request your evaluation on the observation and any contribution for our reply to [redacted]. Since he is one of our most prolific pen pals a reply is in order without undue delay.

The information regarding the size of an object which subtend an arc of a football at area length, is desired.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

- page 43 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

ITEM

Reported UFO                                                22 Jan 65

Hq USAF SAFOI PB
Wash D C 20330

1. We have received a reported sighting by [redacted] and
a Vermont State Trooper from [redacted],
Vermont, Massachusetts.

2. The Air Force evaluators regard this sighting as a probable
observation of meteors. The attached sheet indicates that the
Quadrantids meteor shower was occurring during this period. This
is one of the more active meteor showers.

3. It is suggested that [redacted] forward a report to [redacted]
[redacted] of the American Meteor Society, since he maintains
a card file on observations of this nature.

FOR THE COMMANDER


ERIC T de JONCKHEERE                                    1 Atach
Colonel, USAF                                          a/a
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

- page 44 -

[stamp: partially redacted]

May 1, 1965

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois 60201

Dear Dr. Hynek:

I am in receipt of your letter of 15 April 1965 requesting additional information concerning the Portsmouth sighting on 6 January 1965. I regret to inform you that very little information other than that sent with UFOB has been collected. The information which has been collected is enclosed in the form of letters and questionnaires related to UFOB sightings. Unfortunately UFOB does not have a subcommittee in Vermont and our subcommittee usually operates only in Massachusetts where direct on-the-spot investigation is possible for us. In this investigation all communication with the witnesses was by mail. We have tried to obtain as much information such as you asked for but have had no response. I am sure you are aware of this kind of problem.

This is one of the many UFO reports that are "border-line" cases. As you know an outline of these tending to settle the historical record was compiled and issued to NICAP and MUFON. We pointed out that these cases in themselves did not prove that the objects were new phenomena. We think the force evaluation was at least questionable. It is interesting to note that our New England branch ignored and did not pick up any other reports of this phenomena and that the authorities attribute received no reports of a sighting in that area. We understand that the objects turned "brilliant hills" is over four miles away and all witnesses had the impression that the objects were in the foothills (actually in his observation) that this sighting was "localized" and unusual to say the least. I will enclose the names and addresses of the witnesses. Pending your response I will prepare a response from them.

Enclosed is information concerning our subcommittees and a letter to you from Marvin Stein who is on NICAP and once worked with you at Harvard. Will likewise advise of any new reports on sightings by the MUFON Investigator concerning the sighting by the NICAP Officer. I am a second business trip to Seattle I met the chairman of the NICAP subcommittees who investigated this report. He is now a Pilot (Ph.D Mechanical who leads a Boeing 707's). Perhaps you have seen reports from them. All the best to you in your work with the U.S.A.F. investigations. I look forward to Dennis Valley's "Anatomy of a Phenomenon".

[signature redacted]

- page 45 -

[handwritten: S. Height
A copy of the gusts came out to
and a copy including Dr. Weisshoff, Health
Div. for a copy of

MASSACHUSETTS : VERMONT : CONNECTICUT

THE MARSHALL INVESTIGATOR, GOOSE BAY, LABRADOR

[handwritten: P.S. (In the well
maintain dispatch of it in his
instance dispatch ' the junior
could dispatch ' Holl it can do better
[illegible] ' Holl it can do letter]

23 August 1965
Dear Dr. Woodruff:

From ATIC has mailed you one copy of the attached "Determination
Conf" for a UFO signsing on 8 August 1965 in Bethel, Vermont. This report
is patterned after a letter format to save typing time. I have not patterned
it according to our regular procedures, due to the short investigative time we had
in New England. Enclosed is a copy of a draft which may be enclosed at the end of this
report for information purposes.

1. How long did you see this object? _5 seconds approx.

2. How long was the interval between each object? 10 seconds approx

3. Had the UFOs been in your area before? (such as radio, TV reports)
   Other sightings plus?) (nothing conclusive plus)
   a. What did they pass in front of? 1/2 S. Hills

4. How did you know which they raised in front of from your? ___
   (Not over dr Mills

5. Did you describe the UFOs: were they vertical down to
   in your sightings? Not over one half mile apart

6. [illegible] see one with distant

7. Is it usual that to have this difference in luminescence between
   OBJECTS? (I will your interests in this report. Think you very
   much for your cooperation.

Yours sincerely,

[signature]
[printed: Maj. Edwin C. [illegible]]

[illegible]

- page 46 -

[handwritten: The page contains handwritten cursive text that is largely illegible due to image quality and handwriting style. The text appears to be a narrative or letter, with multiple paragraphs. Key legible fragments include references to dates, locations, and observations, but the majority of the content cannot be reliably transcribed with confidence. The document appears to be from a Project Blue Book case file based on the provided filename context.]

- page 47 -

