Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
17 July 65  5/7084/72

2. LOCATION
Glencoe, Minnesota

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Northward

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT (probably) 7/7

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Cream colored object with two orange spots in flight to side of F-104, with landing lights on. Size, speed. In sight for 20 seconds. A few minutes later object coming from east, passing to west. Moved progressively from cream to white to silver. At a point changed the lift became a blue & silver as has blue in center or windows. Lasted about 8,000 to 10,000 ft.

FORM
FTD SEP 83 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Commanding Officer
Project Blue Book
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir,

Please excuse my tardiness and hesitancy in sending you this letter. However, in view of the fact that I do have some 20 reports have appeared in the newspapers, I believe my prior assumption and fear of being called a crackpot are baseless.

On the morning of July 17, 1965, Between the times 0347-0351 Central Daylight Time, I had a strange experience near Glencoe, Minnesota.

I had just gone on a ten (10) minute break from my job as a drummer on the platform at the Green Giant Company, Glencoe, Minnesota. I started for the mens room which is only about 100 feet from where I was standing when this platform and the mens room I came upon an object looking up into the sky.

As I drew nearer to them and walked up to me, "Hey what is this thing?" I stopped near them and looked up to see a cream-colored object about 148 feet in pale-greenish spots traveling slovely, in a south by south-easterly direction.

I told them I did not know what it was, other than that while I had been in down R-104 jets fly with their landing lights on, and this looked and felt similar. Although, this still looked a little odd because of its slow speed and duel radish color.

We stood there watching for perhaps 20 seconds. Then passing it off in my mind as nothing to become excited about I continued on to the mens room. My hands were quite dirty so I therefore took a paper towel and wiped them off. I glanced up again to see the object coming out side at approximately Green Giant plant.

From where I stood I looked at the object, glanced at the plant utilizing (car bearings) and noted the time on my watch as 0349 CDT. I was perhaps 30 seconds and then walked about five (5) feet closer to the corn processing building. I watched for a few seconds and saw the object standing still.

(He had been watching me and must have thought I flipped my lid.)

- I watched from my view point till the object reached the first of three poles as 0351 CDT. I kept watching and counted off one-thousand-one, one-thousand-two, one-thousand-ten powers of the same. I again noted the time as 0351 CDT. I kept watching and counted off one-thousand-three as the object moved between the second and third poles.

I watched a bit longer as the object moved off in a westerly direction. I then turned and headed back toward the platform.


- page 2 -

As the object was moving over head it progressively changed from a cream color to a white, clearer color as more of the bottom came into view. Then the object was so placed so that I could see distinctly some bright metallic or silvery and bluish color and hue. It was almost as if the machine was turning or a solid mass. When I reached the platform I again saw another follow machine. I started walking toward him, and as I drew near I said "I see a light up!" I told him I had read and burned to tell some of this. I was all there was to I saw it. I might mention however that the height was approximately 20 to 30 (10) thousand feet.

If you wish any further correspondence my address is on the top, right corner of this letter.

[Postmarked from Hutchinson, Minnesota, dated AUG 3 1965]

Addressed to:
Commanding Officer,
Project Blue Book
Dayton,
Ohio


- page 3 -

