PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
26 August 65  27/0150

2. LOCATION
Missile Site in Nebraska

3. SOURCE
Military

10. CONCLUSION
A/C

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Ten (One Each)

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Approx 2 Minutes Each

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
West to East, S West to NE

8. PHOTOS
[x] No

7. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[x] No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Six cases of object in flight, two west to east in straight
flight, three or four total ten minutes, described as
object with intense blue to red color, point and
circular in shape. In last of the passage appeared to have slight
trail. Other four images had some of jet, buildings are curved
with slight curvature.

FORM
FTD SEP 0 63-70 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

HEADQUARTERS US AIR FORCE
DIRECTORATE OF INTELLIGENCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

SUBJECT: 900GOP
          Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO:    AFSC (TD)

1. Reference AFR 200-2, as amended. The following described un-
identified flying objects are in addition to our report of
6 August 1965.

2. Description of Objects: The reported objects are plotted on the
attached maps described as referenced in subparagraphs below:

a. Reported by civilian guard at Sioux Army Depot to Golf Launch
Control facility, where Air Force personnel observed with binoculars.
The first sighting began at 2145 local, 11 Nov 64, and the second
at 2220 local time. The first sighting consisted of two objects
moving approximately one mile apart. Objects were the size of
North Star, pale yellow to white, and moving rapidly about 30 degrees
above the horizon. See plot number 1.

b. Reported from Rozel Launch facility and observed by nine
military personnel with the aid of binoculars. See plot number 2.

(1) The first sighting was of an object the size of a star
which appeared to the Southwest and scrolled Westward, disappearing
to the Southwest. Object was 20,000 feet, very fast, and reappeared
to four to five minutes later at the same course.

(2) The second sighting was to the North of the observation
point. Object was slightly less than one-half the size of a pea but appeared
slightly brighter with less intensity. Resembled a luminous
glow, similar to yellowish in front, semi-circular in shape, and the last
two sightings appeared to move. Traveled at some distance, on four occasions,
there was a roaring jet-like noise at some distance behind. Notice
some small ray to another group.

c. Objects reported by three airmen of a Geodetic Survey Team, who
observed them with the aid of a Theodolite (equivalent to a 40 power
telescope). See plot number 3.

(1) Object appeared to be twice the size of a pinhead, appeared
in the middle of the Big Dipper and moved on course as indicated. When
seen through the Theodolite, object became three white objects grouped
as shown on plot.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

(2) Object again appearing in same location but on the next five successive observations flew a straight course and disappeared to the East. As first, object became three white objects, but as it moved Eastward the two rear objects disappeared and there were now six red, green, and white lights as shown on plot.

d. Object sighted and observed through binoculars by Staff Sergeant and two members. At 1950 local time. Object, oblong, about the size of a saucer, moved with an up and down motion, white in color with a flashing light. Local weather ballons launched at 1045 and 10PM, so this object is eliminated as a weather balloon. Object was also observed on 31 August and 3 September. See plot number 4.

e. Object was observed to the North of Cheyenne by group of eight young civilians, whose hobby is stargazing with a 50/100 telescope. Object appeared low on horizon, moving slowly Westward, disappearing sometime higher above horizon. Three were three objects, size of a dime, close together with red, white, and blue lights. See plot number 4.

f. Object first sighted by personnel at Golf, who informed two members of the Target Alignment Team at a nearby Launch Site. The latter observed the object with a telescope and identified it as Jupiter, due to observing it the three moons of that planet.

3. The members of the Target Alignment Team and Geodetic Survey personnel seem to be fairly well trained in astronomy and can present a very accurate description of the object.

4. The weather in all significant was clear with occasional clouds.

5. Report was compiled by Major Ellis D. Brown, Intelligence Staff Officer, with 19 years of military experience.

6. Attached are four plots showing locations of observers and directions of movement.

7. Request information as to whether this or the previous report may be released to the public.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of WILLARD R. GILBERT, Colonel, USAF]
Commander, 309th Combat Sp Gp

2

1 - 4 Maps


- page 3 -

Visible text on the document:

Alliance

Bridgeport

OCSPPO (N.A. Calif) 62-19550

The image appears to be a map of what seems to be part of Nebraska, with various towns, roads, and geographical features marked. The map is in black and white with dotted and solid lines indicating different routes or boundaries.


- page 4 -

26 August 65

Wyoming Brucelle

Letters indicate missile
launch control centers.

west Altitude
Close to NNW

2015-1600'

All acft 46
Sighted 4 times
Approx 25 minutes

N

A B C D E F G H
I K L M

Brucenne
Colorado

Nebraska


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Wyoming                 Cheyenne

Letters indicate Missile
Launch Control Complex

Some text in the right margin appears partially illegible, but includes fragments like:
"2 minutes 6 miles"
"Nebraska"
"Vanished"

The document appears to be a map or diagram with letters and symbols, but the specific details are not clearly legible.


- page 6 -

Text found on the document:

N
T
Q
S
B
C
A
D
K
F
G
H
I

Wyoming        Cheyenne         Colorado         Nebraska

Letters indicate missile
launch control sectors


- page 7 -

