Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
3 February 65 Night

2. LOCATION
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Other (Conflicting Data)
Additional data requested from the witness. Not received after 90 day period. Case regarded as Insufficient Data

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Multiple Lights

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6 MIN.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Formation of white lights with one red light on the middle of the left side. 300 ft wide and 500-600 ft long. As object passed overhead a loud roar was apparent.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Overhead

Form Received on 16 MAR.
Date, Color of Light ETC Conflicting.
Still carried as Insufficient Data-Returned.
Witness 13 yrs old, object observed
over Philadelphia, PA. Can add. Not
Rated by anyone else.

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDB) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Handwritten notes on this section are partially illegible]

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Can't remember
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document contains several diagrams including a compass rose, a curved line showing object elevation, and sketches of object movements and arrangements.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
not however seen this before

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   [No]
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Street, Philadelphia, CQ Pennsylvania
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 13   SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
The only information that might be interesting to you so what I have read quite a lot on U.F.O's and am very interested in the possibility of other life in the galaxy

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
5   FEBRUARY   1965   Reported at co offices


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   9   May   1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Hq SAFOICC/7282/16 Apr 65

April 19, 1965

Dear [redacted]

Reference is made to your unidentified flying object report of 3 February 1965.

The description of the object which you provided was insufficient for analysis. It is requested that the attached AFD Form 164 be completed as fully as possible and returned to this office in order that an evaluation can be made of the report.

Sincerely,

JOHN F. SPAULDING
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
AFD Form 164

Philadelphia 49, Pennsylvania


- page 5 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: UFO Sightings, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 3 Feb 65           25 Feb 65

TO: Hq USAF SAFOI-FB (Mrs Hunt)
     Wash D C 20330

This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report
from ________, St, Philadelphia 19, Pennsylvania.
He observed an object on 3 Feb 65; however, his description was not
sufficient for an analysis. Please form 164 be forwarded
to him with a brochure to explain our program.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of a Colonel, USAF]
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 6 -

Project Bluebook
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.

Gentlemen:

On the night of Wednesday, February 3, 1965, on the 8100 block of Buselton Avenue I saw something I had never seen before.

It was a formation of white lights except for one red light on the left side of the middle portion.

At the object's middle portion, it was about 300 feet wide and at it's bottom section, about 500-600 feet wide. It was about 500-600 feet long. As it passed overhead, I heard a loud roar.

I do not think this is a planet of any kind or a mirage.

Could you please send me any information about this and a list of any possible reports from 1945-1964. This would aid me in a report for science class.

Thank you very much.

Very truly yours,

[Signature redacted]

Philadelphia, PA
February 5, 1965


- page 7 -

Text found in the document:

This is the formation I saw

The image contains a hand-drawn diagram of multiple circles/dots arranged in a loose formation, seemingly representing an observed UFO or aerial object arrangement.


- page 8 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions, as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
27 January 1965
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 8:30
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest postal address is blacked out]
City or Town: Philadelphia    State or County: Pennsylvania

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours    Minutes    Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
5.1 How was time in sight determined? By watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Few, slight light
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
About the brightness of a headlight

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: At the time I saw it seemed to have a distinct it seemed to have a somewhat jagged edge

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break, spin apart, or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Not didn't

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: Atoll or any observatory
moved behind a building outside my area.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: Moved in front of Clouds

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - a deep boom
b. Color - the object was white, turning into white dark spot

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
One dot the object would covered about 1/10 of a head

19. Or we a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
There not the many O O all white takes except
amount of UFO's O
because I cannot O
remember how O
many place O
many UFO's O O O
O O O O O O O O O


- page 11 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you this object was?
(Circle One)   (Yes)   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   some time it was 800 FT high

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
(c.) Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) _____________
e. At sea
f. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
(c.) In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                 g. West
b. Northeast            d. Southeast            f. Southwest            h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes   No         e. Binoculars           Yes   No
b. Sun glasses          Yes   No         f. Telescope            Yes   No
c. Windshield           Yes   No         g. Theodolite           Yes   No
d. Window glass         Yes   No         h. Other                Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

a group of headlights of a car would give the same if placed up in the same formation in the same position


- page 12 -

