PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 2 October 65 02/1930

2. LOCATION: Houston, Pennsylvania (64)

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Four, the # Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: East

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Other (DEBRIS IN WIND)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object was a silver and white color. Tumbling motion. Observer was watching the wind blowing paper around in the air when she noticed the objects. Silver on one side, white on the other. Like a shiny metal.

FORM FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

24. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
24.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
1. Clear
2. Scattered clouds
3. Thin or broken clouds
4. Overcast

24.2 WIND (Circle One)
1. No wind
2. Slight breeze
3. Strong wind
4. Calm

24.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
1. Dry
2. Fog, mist, or light rain
3. Moderate or heavy rain
4. Cloudy

24.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
7°

25. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
ANWC

26. Was anyone with you at the time you saw the object?
26.1 (Circle One) YES
26.2 (Circle One) YES

27. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) NO

27.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see another one?

28. Is your opinion that the object that you saw was:
I DON'T KNOW
TO ME IT LOOKED LIKE A
TUMBLING DISH.


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

39. Do you think you can estimate the type of the object?
[Circled] Yes   No

40. Do you want YES, then how far away did you estimate?
PRETTY FAR

41. Please give information about yourself:
[Rest of the details are blacked out/redacted]

What is your present job? Home Maker
Age 33   Sex F

42. (Bottom of form) Done you completed this questionnaire? 
Filled Out   Date 8/17/65

The rest of the personal details are obscured by black redaction marks.


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

1. My daughter

2. [Mostly redacted/blacked out text]

3. [Mostly redacted/blacked out text]

4. [Mostly redacted/blacked out text]

Houston, Fla
15 3 4/2

The rest of the text is obscured by black redaction marks. The document appears to be a form or report with multiple lines mostly blacked out, with only fragments of text visible.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Houston, Pa.
1513 1/2

Department of Defense
Office of Public Information
Washington 25
D.C.

22 Chgs.

Postmark shows:
HOUSTON PA
OCT 11
1965
5:30 PM


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This continuation has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much additional information as possible relative to the object you observed. Please fill in the questionnaire as completely as possible. The information that you give will be used in analyzing the reported UFO sightings and will be treated as confidentially as possible. No personal information will be released to the public. If you do not have enough space to complete your answer, use additional sheets of paper.

1. When did you see the object?
Oct. 22, 1965

2. Time of day:
2:30 PM

3. Time seen:
(Circle One) Ground    Airborne    Water Surface

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Houston, PA

5. How many objects did you see?
1

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate the source of your observation:
Ground    Radar    Air    Other

6. Were the conditions of the sky?
(Circle One) Cloudy    Bright    Dark    Overcast

7. If you saw the object TWILIGHT, or DAWN, or DUSK, please indicate:
(Circle One) 1. Bright Daylight    2. Twilight    3. Dark Night    4. Don't remember


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[For questions 10-15, I'll transcribe the visible text]

10. If it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, or in the brightness like that of a searchlight, automobile headlight, etc.?
[Answers column shows: "Robb"]

11. Did the object:
[Partial answers visible include "Robb" for some sub-questions]

12. Did the object move behind something or stop, particularly a cloud?
[Answer appears to be "Robb"]

13. Did the object move to a part of sky, particularly a cloud?
[Answer appears to be "A week smoak" or "A week smoke"]

14. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
[Some "Yes" and "No" boxes are checked, but text is not fully clear]

The rest of the document contains form fields and checkboxes, but the text is too faint or blurry to confidently transcribe in full.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell us about the following things about the object:
a. Size? SILVER
b. Color? SILVER
c. Shape? DISC/WHITE ON EDGE

They tumbled as
they flew as if a saucer
was turned over

Watched
this one
until it
went out
of sight

Broke off
one

Into two
lost track
of these

Round and
flat


- page 8 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

20. [Text partially illegible]

21. [Text partially illegible]

22. [Partially legible checkboxes for objects like "Head of a pin", "Disk", etc.]

23. [Text partially illegible]

24. Construction - Round + Saucer-white on
Material - Shiny metal
Size - Very Round
Shape - Very Round
We would seem Paratin that
This was could compile with

Note: Some parts of the text are difficult to read clearly due to the image quality, so I've noted where text is partially illegible or unclear.


- page 9 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

25. When were you located when you saw this object?
(Circle One)
• In a field
• In a building
• In an auto
• At sea
• Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
• In a city
• In the country
• In a town
• Near a town
• Flying over country
• Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw this object, and how did you happen to notice it?
PARKED BY L WATCHED SOME TRAFFIC PAST BY
OVER AROUND OVER OVER THEN WERE

(Sections 28-31 about moving in an automobile are mostly blank/unselected)

The rest of the form appears to be partially filled out but the text is too illegible to confidently transcribe.


- page 10 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

22. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point "A" on the curved line as shown here. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how far you find yourself from "A" when you first look back. Place a "C" on the same curved line to show how far you have traveled from "A" when you last look back.

23. In the following larger sketch place "A" at the position the subject was standing when you first met him, and "B" at the position you last saw him. Sketch in such a manner as to give an estimate of linear distance.

The text is accompanied by three hand-drawn sketches showing curved lines, landscapes, and paths.


- page 11 -

