1. DATE - TIME GROUP
2 July 1965 03/0615Z

2. LOCATION
Jemez Springs, New Mexico

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT
Description and flight consistent with a/c. No data presented to indicate that the object could not have been caused by a/c.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Unusual object resembling a star alternating red and white. Changed in intensity from the brightest object in the sky to nearly visible. Appeared from over mountain disappearing beyond another mountain range after several changes in course. Reportedly observed by additional witness for 3-4-5 minutes.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Maneuvered

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Jemez Springs, New Mexico, U.S.A.
July 11, 1965

Air Force Commander
Pedro Aguirre Cerda Base
Antarctic

Dear Sir:

On Friday, July 2, at about 11:15 p.m. we watched an unusual object that resembled a star. It was alternately reddish and white. At times it appeared to be the brightest object in the sky and at times it was hardly visible. It wavered or zig-zagged several times and also appeared to hold steady on occasions. We viewed it for approximately 15 minutes. We first noticed it in the west moving northwest. It changed course three times. When it reached due north it changed course and traveled in a northerly direction. It again changed course and traveled northeast. It then appeared to travel south east and disappeared over the mountain.

During this time we phoned another person, Mr. [redacted], and he also saw it for about 3 to 5 minutes.

We live in a mountain valley, 65 miles north of Albuquerque, New Mexico. We are surrounded by mountains and the object first appeared over the western range and disappeared over the eastern range.

Since that time, we have been watching the newspapers in hopes of finding an article concerning the object we saw. The article finally appeared in the July 8 issue of the AIBU group journal. But, the article states that you viewed the object Monday, July 5.

We felt our sighting of a similar object might be of interest to you.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]
Mr. and Mrs. [redacted]


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Jemez Springs, New Mexico

Pedro Aguirre
Marente

[Postmark partially visible with date]

69 AUG 16 PM 10:54

[Some text at bottom of page is illegible due to poor image quality]

The document appears to be a postcard or letter with a postmark, sent from Jemez Springs, New Mexico.


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

65 JUL 16 RH 10:54

[Partially legible text, some words are obscured]

AIR FORCE COMMAND
Pedro Aguirre Cerda
Atacama

[Location details]
Jemez Springs, New Mexico

[Postmark/postal stamp on right side of document]

Some text appears to be blacked out or obscured, making it fully illegible.


- page 4 -

