Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
26 April 65 16/0635

2. LOCATION
NW of Indianapolis, Indiana

3. SOURCE
Military

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1 obj./working up

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 - 5 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
N/A

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
Unidentified (UFOB) ✓ 1/10

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object sighted, photographic or radar picking up into sky at 1 times. This, possibly by another object, or it'll.

FORM
FTD SEP 63-0329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Extract from Duty Officer's Report, 15 April 1965

At 2300 local received call from L/Col DeLoughary, 17th Bomb Wing, of a UFO report from a crew still airborne. Object spotted in vicinity of Indianapolis, Ind and confirmed by two other A/C Crews. He had only PTD Form 164 dated July 61, so I delivered to SAC gate, 24 copies of the current for him to use in debriefing of crew after landing at about 0230 local.

17 BW will forward TWX URO report. No further action taken. However this could have been the decay of a space object and thus might involve Project MOON DUST. Suggest TDAOS (It Neal) be alerted as well as TDEW (TSGT Moody).


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
16 Apr 1 1965
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 01 23
        Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Near Rd. 236, 3.2 miles N.W. of Plainfield, Ind. in Plainfield, Ind.
City or Town                                 State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours   Minutes   25 Seconds

(Circle one):
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was the sight determined? Watched A
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ✓ No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. Behind you     e. Overhead
c. To your right  f. Don't remember


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other (light green, color not clear)

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, the very bright white light appeared for 0 to 5 seconds, then slowly into a dark light then disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes ☐ No ☑ Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes ☐ No ☑ Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what
In front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Very bright white light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/2 to 1/16

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
[A hand-drawn sketch is present with notes about altitude of object and direction of movement]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?    2,000 to 3,000 M.P.H.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    20 to 50 Miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)    KC-135
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    g. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?    44.135    miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No    e. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No    f. Telescope    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No    g. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No    h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Very bright shooting star, but to a ... star was not ... shooting star.


- page 6 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object, and a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the move.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The page contains diagrams with a compass rose, curved lines showing elevation angles (15°, 30°, 45°, 60°, 75°), and sketches for tracking object movement and positioning.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
N/O

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                St.    F3.    City            Zone    Ohio    State

TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE    21    SEX    M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
                                97

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
16                April               65
Day             Month             Year


- page 8 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Blank spaces for Day, Month, Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
[Large blank space]

Page 7 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 9 -

