The image does not contain a photograph, it is a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 8 07/03/65
2. LOCATION: Indianapolis, Indiana (3)
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
10. CONCLUSION: A/C
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer sighted a bright red object with approx 10 lights. Object moved to the north, paused for about 10 seconds, then continued on out of sight.
13. PHOTOS: N
14. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: N

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record form with various fields filled out, including the date, time group, location (Indianapolis, Indiana), source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, photos, and physical evidence.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 SEPTEMBER 65 2010302
2. LOCATION: Indianapolis, Indiana
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Multiple (3 or more)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground/Visual
7. COURSE: North
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD 
Subj: Unidentified Objects Over Indianapolis, 20 Sep 65
Received a telephone call from **** of Indianapolis, Indiana, Area Code 317, phone ****. She spoke broken english and would attempt to repeat slowly so that Major Quintanilla could understand her. She saw something flying across the sky the morning of 20 Sep 65 around 5:30 am and then again later that evening and then this morning (21 Sep 65) at around 5:30 am. It was a bright light, similar to that of other satellites. Major Quintanilla explained to her that she was observing an artificial satellite. He gave the times for Echo and Pegasus satellites. He also gave the times that these satellites would be visible this evening for her to observe. She was pleased with this information and was sorry to have bothered Maj Quintanilla. Maj explained that this is why we are here.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

PID (Temp) 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
18 September 1965

Reference your report unidentified observation of 6 Sep 65...
The nature of the object as you described it in your report is typical of other reports we have received indicating that these light or luminous objects are not uncommon in our evaluation. Also, your description of the object's maneuvers is consistent with other reports.
As you were advised, any sightings you may have should be reported promptly to the Air Force through normal channels for evaluation. The Air Force appreciates your making this report.

Gerald J. Kenney, Colonel, USAF
Chief, Investigations Division
Directorate of Special Investigations

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire used by the U.S. Air Force to gather information about UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about an unidentified object that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements. If for any reason you do not wish to supply your name, you need not do so. Also, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
6 Sept 66 (Day, Month, Year)

2. Time of day: 0230 GMT
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): 1. Eastern
2. Central 
3. Mountain
4. Pacific
5. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Zionsville, Indiana
Nearest Postal Address: City & State

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
60 Minutes x Seconds

5.1 How was time sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure 
d. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes X No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day (Clear)
b. NIGHT (Cloudy)

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To your left
c. To your right
d. Don't remember

FTD GCT 45 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. Fewer, c. Same, d. More, e. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. Pitch dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. About the same, c. Dimmer

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply defined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still or move?, b. Move slowly or rapidly?, c. Break up into parts or explode?, d. Give off smoke?, e. Change shape?, f. Flash or flicker?, g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
(Circle One): No 
Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES  Don't Know.
Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes   Don't Know.
a. Sound: 
b. Color: Red - and appeared to separate into separate lights  
We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object could have been covered by the match head?
The object moved from South to North - it appeared to be quite large and had separate lights or other trails.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions and response options.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (types)
d. At sea
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/rural?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No 

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Binoculars Yes No 
c. Telescope Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Sun glasses Yes No
f. Telephoto lens Yes No
g. TV screen Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which contains a questionnaire for a witness to fill out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their name and address.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: [Redacted] SEX: [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day _______ Month _______ Year _______

- page 9 -

The image contains a schematic drawing with sketches and instructions, but no actual photograph. 

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve; line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curve line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a UFO report form from Project Blue Book.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2 Sept 63

33. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
This is a description of an Indianopolis Tower operated - it indicated that there was a sighting of the Object. The tower was aware the tower near the airport had made a drawing of the object.

- page 11 -

