The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, specifically record 10073, containing details about a reported observation of an unusual meteor, not a UFO, in Bellbrook, Ohio on August 5, 1965.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 5 August 65 0601322
2. LOCATION: Bellbrook, Ohio
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (METEOR) V
Observe called to report an unusual meteor, not a UFO.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Witness called by act know. Object appeared to be yellow-green in color with tail. Moved at high speed, estimated 3 to 5 seconds duration. Straight line. Regarded as an unusual meteor by witness.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be mentioned in connection with any information you provide, unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Day: AUG Night 63 Year: 
2. Time of day: 2:53 MINUTES Hours (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? BELLBROOK OH COUNTY
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 25 SECONDS
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day: NIGHT b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

The text in the image has been transcribed as requested.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a form or questionnaire related to a reported UFO sighting. 

Transcribed text from the document:

3. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. More c. Less d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dim moonlight c. Obscured by clouds or dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear b. Scattered or thin clouds c. Solid or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor 
d. As a light e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter b. About the same c. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects:

12. The size of the object was: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Pinpoint size c. Other 

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   YES   NO   Don't know
b. Break up into parts?  YES   NO   Don't know
c. Change brightness?  YES   NO   Don't know
d. Change shape?  YES   NO   Don't know
e. Flash or flicker?  YES   NO   Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear?  YES   NO   Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or report form.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: WHITE LIKE ECHO
b. Color: 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 1/2 TIMES AS ECHO

19. Draw a sketch that will show the shape of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially to show the trails or vapor trails. Please be careful to show the direction the object was moving.
A LARGER LIKE ECHO
HE SPOTTED ECHO LATER

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No  1500 MPH
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 15-1500 ALT EST

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3/4 MILE

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 23. Were you (Circle One):
a. Inside a building a. In the business section of a city?
b. In a car b. In the residential section of a city?
c. Outdoors c. In a rural area?
d. In an airplane (type) d. Near an airfield?
e. At your home e. Flying over a city?
f. Other f. Flying over a rural country?
 g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes NO b. Binoculars Yes NO
c. Sun glasses Yes NO f. Telescope Yes NO
d. Windshield Yes NO g. Theodolite Yes NO
e. Window glass Yes NO h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

SOMEWHAT LIKE A WEATHER BALLOON EXCEPT BRIGHTER AND FASTER

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The sketch depicts a curved line representing the horizon, with an object shown above the horizon at various angles. There is also a compass rose in the bottom right corner of the sketch.

The text in the document reads as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass to show the direction from which you first saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

STRAIGHT LINE

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Motion

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes
No

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: BELLBROOK, [redacted], ZONE: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 44
SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
FIGHT DYNAMICS LAB MAN
A SATELLITE OBSERVER, 33173

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: [redacted] Month: [redacted] Year: [redacted]

- page 7 -

Based on the provided image, there is no photograph present. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. 

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5 AUG 62
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

