The image does not contain a photograph, only a filled-out document form from Project 10073 Record. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 9 September 65 / 2240L
2. LOCATION: Los Angeles, Cypress, California
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1 
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
7. COURSE: Southerly
8. PILOT: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION (OBSERVER'S): Astro (meteor)

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a form containing questions and answer options for the observer.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Stars bright as usual d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. Moon not visible d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Few c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or hazy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Cloudy, drizzle, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. About the same

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know f. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a scanned document from Project Blue Book. As per the instructions, I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, sort of

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of: Cloud

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Very slight
b. Color: red, greenish

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 1/3

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically indicate scale or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Exhaust

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)
Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One)
Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 When where you were going? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you see the object at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) 
Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One)
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No 
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of the object or objects which you saw, describe in your own words those details which cannot be adequately described in the other sections of this report.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
* 8/3

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names:
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SANTA BARBARA

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
SEX M
PROFESSOR (SOCIOLOGY), NORTHWESTERN U. 

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day, March Year

- page 5 -

The image contains two hand-drawn sketches. The first one shows a curved line and an arrow pointing to a compass rose, with text instructions to indicate the direction the object was first seen. The second sketch is a blank space where the observer is instructed to draw a picture showing the motion of the object and any changes in direction during its course.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where the object was when you last saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with a blank space for the respondent to provide additional information about their UFO sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: ____________
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: _______

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

Very rough - 2 min observed s/y
Very sharp appear no more at time behind and quickly disappeared
Moved from u.6 e. Passed below
the plane coming at it leveling
8p.m.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, with some typewritten text at the top that includes an office address and phone number.

Here is the text output from the document:

Report Investigator:
Office:
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
Area Code 513, Phone 553-7711 ext 69216 or 66378

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, specifically an "EXTRACT FROM DUTY OFFICERS REPORT - 29 Sep 65." The text describes a call received from a Mr. [name redacted], who said that a man from FTD is going to see him that day (30 Sep 65) about a meteorite which he has found. The report indicates that Mrs. [name redacted] wanted the visiting man from FTD to know this before his arrival.

EXTRACT FROM DUTY OFFICERS REPORT - 29 Sep 65.
Received call from Mr [name redacted], Pa. He said that a man from FTD is going to see him today (30 Sep 65) about a meteorite which he found. Mrs [name redacted] wanted the visiting man from FTD to know this before his arrival.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a typed document with text that appears to be a report from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

MEMO FOR THE RECORD: 29 SEP 65
Sgt Moody contacted Oakdale, Pa for them to obtain object that allegedly fell from sky. Asked them to have said object available for examination.
COD.: Major Quintanilla contacted M______ to get the object. He regarding the object which he had picked up. M___ explained that the object was too fragile to match, similar to a child's football. Color light gray with streaks of pale green, one side rust color. It had craters in it. On the end was a tail. Saw it coming down, within 75 yards of object when it fell. It had a tail, approximately half its length and orange white slow. Around 9:15 (EDT) night before last (27 Sep 65). Doesn't want to put the object in mail. Its broken like an egg. There is a small hole in the ground, size of half dollar, shows where pieces with it. Size of 50 cents of quarter. He wants assurance that the object would be returned to him in the original condition.
Major Quintanilla explained that we might have to x-chip it in order to analyze it. He said that he didn't want. Major Quintanilla to do this to the main object but could have the smaller pieces for analysis.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document.

UFO, 9 September 1965
COMMENTS OF THE INVESTIGATING OFFICER:
Reference the sightings of the UFO or light phenomena and alleged photographic evidence:
Allowing for discrepancies in observations attributed to untrained observers, it is believed that the reports tend to be in fair agreement.
It was estimated that the phenomenon was caused by a relatively small metallic which the observer relatively at low altitude and short distance. The color is described as white or yellowish-white. The size is estimated to be between 15 and 20 feet in diameter. The phenomenon was observed for a period of about 5 minutes. The green color noted by one observer is indicative of that given off by high intensity lighting.
A check was made with personnel at the Griffiths Park Observatory, and it was also their opinion that the phenomenon so described could have been caused by a meteorite.

CHARLES F. REICHARDT
Captain, USAF
SSD (SEPA) UFO Investigating Officer

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document page from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
0130 29 Sept 65
CALL RECEIVED FROM:
Major Allan F. Livens
Senior Director on Duty
Detroit Air Defense Sector (NORAD)
Battle Creek, Michigan
He explained that a meteor siting occurred on the 28th day of Sept, and
that a man - - - - - - - (Code 912 through Oil City)
Reno, Pennsylvania - - - - - - -
and his wife had been painting a house when the object dropped near them.
It frightened them, and they left the scene, returning later to find
the object roughly the size and shape of a child's football. It is
apparently hollow with rubbery walls approximately 1/16 inch thick.
It was cracked, but all pieces were recovered. This is near Oil City,
Pennsylvania.
He reported this to me:
662d Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron, Oakdale, Pennsylvania
and they are attempting to pick up this object for delivery to FTD.
They are going to wait for a call from FTD.
MEMO FOR RECORD:
On 7 October Major Quintanilla went TDY to Pennsylvania to obtain the object
from Mr. - - - - - - -, subject was a about of some sort, not a meteor.
OBJECT IN PHYSICAL SPECIMEN FILE

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PROM: (NAME OR SIGNATURE ILLEGIBLE)
TO: AFTO (UFOL) 2 Reno, pa
SUBJECT/RECO/DATE: Unclassified INTERNAL SECURITya 

DATE OF INFORMATION: MAR 3 1965
DATE OF REPORT: INFORMATION GIVEN TO UFOB APR 1965
PLACE: Cortington, OHIO 45333
DESCRIPTION OF ENCOUNTER: (Include type name, date, location details, and the nature of incident - stgtit of an object/incident) See attachment for details.
SENDER WILL INDICATE IF RECEIPT IS REQUIRED: (No box checked)

- page 14 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image. 

The text in the document is as follows:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
TO: MAJOR QUINTANILLA
IDENT - UFO
DATE COORDINATION
FILE INFORMATION
NOTE AND RETURN
FOR ACTION
SIGNATURE
REMARKS: Re UFO, 9 Sept 65, Los Angeles, and the three (3) individuals informed to go your office on 10 Sep 65.
I contacted the parties again and found that some of their earlier unidentified sightings were in error. The facts as gathered from the various reports and my initial conclusions, or guesstimates of the cause.

CHARGES SSPA - UFO CHA 16 Sep 65 6-3-3310

DD. 95.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically a memo routing slip.

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
Name: Mrs. Quintanilla, TDEW (UFO)
Remarks: "Mrs. Q seemed to be a little embarrassed but willing to do her civic duty in reporting what she saw."
FROM: SAFPA
DATE: 10SEP65

- page 16 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document dated September 15, 1965, regarding a UFO sighting in Los Angeles, California.

MEMORANDUM
SUBJECT: UFO, 9 September 1965
SIGHTING "A"

TIME AND PLACE: Between 2140 and 2145/- 9 Sept 65, Los Angeles, California

REPORTED BY: K.R.C., social worker, Bureau of Public Assistance, Los Angeles County, California

Residence: Los Angeles, California  

Mr. R. said he could testify to the time pretty accurately as he had been checking the time in his telephone just prior to the sighting. 
He had been out on the front porch of his home at 1425 Lemon Grove Avenue, just off Normandy Avenue, Los Angeles, and made the observation from that location. The sighting was in a S.E.S. direction from his location.

Mr. R. stated that the moon was full and clear. For Los Angeles, it was a clear night, especially when looking upward.

Mr. R. said he couldn't determine how far away the object was, how high, or its exact size. He said it looked very low down. At first it appeared to be about saucer size, and then changed to a size of about a dinner plate. The light coming from the object was brighter than a dinner plate. The light looked like electrical house lights.

- page 17 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a scanned document page with text describing a reported UFO sighting.

Mr-------repeated the object was an elliptical shape, or bullet shaped. It moved from a distant position toward him and didn't move horizontally, but the object seemed to move with an up-and-down or skyward-downward movement would be the direction.

CHARLES F REICHARDT
CAPTAIN, USAF
USAF (APRA-UGO)

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report on a UFO sighting that occurred on September 9, 1965 in Los Angeles, California.

MEMORANDUM:
SUBJECT: UFO, 9 September 1965
TIME AND PLACE: Between 2140 and 2145, 9 Sept 65, Los Angeles, California
REPORTED BY: [Redacted], resident of Los Angeles, California

The text describes the witness's account of the UFO sighting, including details about the appearance of the object, its movement, and the witness's observations. There are no photographs included in this particular document.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document that describes an observed unidentified flying object.

Mr. - couldn't determine how far away the object was, how high, or its exact size; it appeared to be about saucer size and then changed to a size of about 5 dinner plate size. The cloud, or phenomena, was light. The light looked like electrical light and could have been produced by the object itself, but he couldn't determine which. The object moved rapidly from a distant point and then suddenly stop. It appeared from a distance to be oscillating, or bullet-shaped, and its movement would be the direction skyward-groundward. Phoned in to 1903/10 September 1965.
Phoned in to TIP/TDIM (UFO): WPAFB, Ohio, to Sgt Moody. Was instructed to mail copy to that office.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Text from the document:

MEMORANDUM 15 September 1965
SUBJECT: UFO, 2 September 1965
Sighting "or"

TIME AND PLACE: Approx 2345/98-2355 from Los Angeles, Calif.

REPORTED BY: North American Aviation, Inc., Space & Information Systems Divison, Resident Security Officer, Tel. 

Residence: Huntington Beach, Calif. 

Mr. and his wife were visiting friend  an electrician, who works for the North American Aviation Automatics Division, Cypress, Calif., at the time of the sighting. The witness was on the patio of the friend's house, looking for the object they had seen briefly earlier. The object was a bright object, very much larger than an airplane, but soon all looked. The object was about 50 feet long and 20 feet wide, disc shaped, with an orange-reddish glow on the bottom. All of a sudden they sighted the object coming up from the west at a rapid rate of speed. The object appeared to move rather slowly, then seemed to speed up and climb to the west. 

He personally observed the alleged UFO for about seven seconds, his wife said be looked about 10-12 seconds. Mr. has spent nearly four years in the U.S. Air Force and has had some experience with identifying lights and aircraft in the air. 

He said he had no way of telling how far away or at what altitude the object was. They watched the lights on the object very closely, but could not see any airplane flashing lights or warning lights. Based on this child's knowledge, he said this object was quite different from any aircraft he has ever seen. Mr. said he had never seen anything like this before.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document describing a UFO sighting.

It was not the moon, Mr. ___ continued, because the moon was in a different position about that time. The object was about the shape of an elongated sphere, it was much larger than the size of a star.
Mr. ___ was contacted and his account of the sighting was essentially as follows:
a. He estimated the angle of elevation to be about 50° to 55°.
b. The object was in view for an estimated 3 to 4 minute period of time as an estimated 30° to 35° in azimuth about 25° to 30° in altitude.
c. He thought the light had gone out behind a cloud or thick haze.

CHARLES F. REICHENAU
Captain, USAF
BSM (GMO USA)

- page 22 -

The image appears to be a map of the Los Angeles, California area. It shows a detailed street map with various landmarks and neighborhoods labeled. There is handwritten text at the bottom of the image, but no photograph is present in this particular page.

Transcript of the text in the image:

SUMMARY OF UFO SIGHTING
MS AGNES BOWERS, 3-1-65, ABOUT 2:45 HRS (CRSTA)

- page 23 -

The image contains a page from a UFO report document, but does not appear to have any photographs included. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document.

MEMORANDUM
SUBJECT: UFO, 9 September 1965
TIME AND PLACE: Approx 21:45/9 Sep 65, from Whittier Blvd., North Way, Cypress, Calif.
REPORTED BY: American Aviation, Inc., Space and Information Sys. Dept., Downey, Calif.
Residence: Mr. * * * and his wife * * * were visiting Mr. * * *, an electrical engineer, North American Aviation Inc. Automatics Division, Anaheim, Calif. They were on the porch of Mr. * * *'s home when the first sighted the alleged UFO while the were planning their departure when Mr. * * * first sighted the alleged UFO while the were planning their departure when Mr. * * * first sighted the alleged UFO in the north about 30 to 40 feet above the horizon. All observed the object as it moved from north to south about 30 to 40 feet above the horizon. All observed the object as it moved from north to south about 60 to 70 miles per hour in a straight line. As they watched, the object accelerated and began to climb with a wobbling motion. As they watched, the object accelerated and began to climb with a wobbling motion. At first the object appeared to move rather slowly, then seemed to disappear.
Mr. * * * personally observed the alleged UFO for about 10 seconds. His wife observed it for a longer period. He said he had been in the U.S. Air Force and knew what landing lights and navigation lights were. He said he had no way of telling how far away or at what altitude the object was, but he could see no airplane flashing lights or warning lights were present, but to the best of his recollection he could see no trail of any kind behind the object. He did they hear any aircraft or see any aircraft lights. Mr. * * * said he had never seen anything like this before.
To see the moon, Mr. * * * continued, because the moon was SSE position about 30 to 40 degrees above the horizon. The object was about due south and did not pass in front of the moon.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Mr. said that in fact the first thing he thought of was that it was the moon only a little larger, so he looked to see where the moon was and in looking, the object seemed to disappear completely, not descending but just the same as the stars or something like that.

Report received approx 0915/10 Sep 65 by Mrs. Hofschneider.

The text describes an individual's sighting of an unidentified object that they initially thought was the moon, but then the object disappeared completely, as if it was the same as the stars.

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

MEMORANDUM
SUBJECT: UFO, 9 September 1965 
SIGHTING "A"

TIME AND PLACE: Between 2145 and 2200/9 Sept 65,

REPORTED BY: Mr. [redacted] 
(Los Angeles County)
Telephone: [redacted]

Mrs. [redacted] stated that between 2145 and 2200/9 Sept 65, she, her husband, and a neighbor, [redacted], observed the object. The following is her description:

It was a real thick object shaped like a saucer and had a slight glow to it. It was observed for about 15 minutes. As it flew out last night, no clouds in the sky, it was as clear as a bell.

It is hard to say how far away it was. It appeared to be some distance, but steady. It didn't change shape; it was just a steady object. The color was yellow like electrical house lights are yellow. The center section was a little pale, but the outer edges were more yellow.

The object was to the west of where Mrs. [redacted] is located. It appeared to be dodging up and down. The neighbor also observed the object and gave a statement that the object was also moving toward them. However, Mrs. [redacted]'s statement are correct.

(Reported on 10 Sep 65)

CHARLES A. REIGHARDT, Captain, USAF
CHIEF, USAF
28D (ESPE-UFO)

- page 26 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

MEMORANDUM:
SUBJECT: UFO, 9 Sept 65
TIME AND PLACE: Between 2145 and 2200/ 9 Sept 65, Torrance, Los Angeles County, Calif.
REPORTED BY: Mrs. (Los Angeles County, Torrance, Calif.)

The document provides details about a UFO sighting reported by Mrs. (Los Angeles County, Torrance, Calif.) on September 9, 1965, between 9:45 PM and 10:00 PM. The report describes a "real thick object shaped like a saucer" with a slight glow and some lighting on the outer rim. The object was said to be hovering and moving slowly towards the east, and then disappeared. The witness reported that the object made no sound and there was no plane or anything else visible. The report further describes the witness's observations and impressions about the size, color, and behavior of the object.

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Mrs G**** commented that her husband thinks this is a stupid and ridiculous affair and unidentified objects are generally caused by natural sources and people think they could possibly be controlled, and sometimes even controlled, but they weren't. She said it seems to be a similar thing at Vancouver. 

Mrs ****** said she had waited until around 3:22 pm/10 Sept 67 to see if she could find anything in the papers.

Call received by Mrs. Hofseommer.

- page 28 -

There is no photograph contained in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book report on an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

HEADQUARTERS
6592D SUPPORT GROUP
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
LOS ANGELES AIR FORCE STATION
Air Force Unit Post Office, Los Angeles, California 90045

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 6590 20 SEP 1965

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

TO: AFSC (FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference: AFR 200-2.
2. The following UFO sighting is reported to the Space Systems
Division Command Post at 2200 hours, 9 September 1965:
a. Description: Two bright white lights, one on each side, orange in
color and with fire on the sides.
b. Course: Southeast.
c. Time and Date: 2155 local time, 9 September 1965.
d. Location of Observer: Norwich and Atlantic in city of
Alhambra.
e. Observer: A student, age 17, Alhambra, California.
f. Weather Conditions: Clear.
g. Preparing Officer's Position and Comments:
(1) Operations Staff Officer, 6592d Support Group.
(2) Officer was unable to contact the observer.

HOWARD T. SHORT
Lt Col USAF
Deputy Commander

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text only.

Extract from Staff Duty Officer's Report
30 Sep 65

The unidentified flying object seen at 11:15 pm, 28 Sep 65 was described as a round, bright light, larger than a star, moving rapidly from east to west at an altitude estimated to be between 5000 and 6000 ft.  No sound was heard and the object was visible for approximately 20-25 seconds before disappearing from view.  No further information is available.

Pursuant to your request, please be advised that additional information is not available.  If you have any other questions, please let me know.

JAMES F. SIMS, 2nd Lt, USAF
Admin Off, 673d AISS

- page 30 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed report from the United States Air Force Systems Command regarding a sighting of an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO).

HEADQUARTERS
65220 SUPPORT GROUP
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOS ANGELES AIR FORCE STATION, CALIFORNIA 90045

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: SSSD

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

TO: AFSC (PMTT)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference: AFR 200-2.
2. The following UFO sighting was reported to the Space Systems Division Command Post at 2200 hours, 9 September 1965:

a. Description: Appearance of a stingray with a large light.
b. Course: Eastbound.
c. Time and Date: 2145 local time, 9 September 1965.
d. Location of Observers: Vermont Street, Los Angeles, California.
e. Observers: Two men, age 46, at above location. Phone number: [redacted].
f. Weather Conditions: Clear.
g. Preparing Officer's Position and Comments:
(1) Operations Staff Officer, 65220 Support Group.
(2) Officer was unable to contact any of the observers.

HOWARD E. SHORE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy Commander

1 Atch
Ltr SSSD to Sep 65 Extract from
Staff Duty Officer's Report

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, the United States Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects. The document is titled "EXCERPT FROM DAILY DUTY OFFICER'S REPORT" and is dated 10 Sep 65.

EXCERPT FROM DAILY DUTY OFFICER'S REPORT

TO: 8502
THRU: Collecting Officer
SUBJECT: Excerpt from daily duty officer's report for the period 1930 9 Sep 65 to 0800 10 Sep 65.

The following is an excerpt from the daily duty officer's report for the period 1930 9 Sep 65 to 0800 10 Sep 65:

"REPORTING OFFICER: Captain DANIEL W. WADE, 8502
SUBJECT: Aerial Sightings

The following reported aerial sightings occurred during the period 1930 9 Sep 65 to 0800 10 Sep 65:

2 Witnesses (Name(s) withheld): Reported observing 4 bright lights, white in color, traveling in a northerly direction at a high rate of speed over the Los Angeles area at approximately 2200 hours, 9 Sep 65. Sightings lasted approximately 30 seconds. Witnesses stated the objects appeared to be high-performance jet aircraft. No further information available.

SIGNIFICANCE: Unknown"

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten Project Blue Book document from the Department of the Air Force, describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) report received on 29 September 1965.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (SAMSO) 
MARCH AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA, 92508

29 September 1965

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

TO: AFSC (FDTR), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, 45433

1. The following UFO Report was received from District Intelligence Office, Sierra Vista District, San Diego, California, and is forwarded in accordance with paragraph 13b, AFR 200-2, as amended:

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Spherical
(2) Basketball
(3) Silver with bright orange glow particularly around edges.
(4) One
(5) -
(6) Appeared to have the color of aluminum as dull steel.
(7) Left wispy trail of fire from the top and bottom of the sphere.
(8) No sound.
(9) -

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
(1) It suddenly appeared in the sky - moving from Northwest to Southeast, was not too bright at first but immediately became very bright.
(2) 45 degrees and traveled on a level flight path.  
(3) 45 degrees - level.
(4) Level flight path - no maneuvers.

Peace...is our Profession

- page 33 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

DICE
Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

AFSC (FTD), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, 43433

A field report from the Seventh Naval District Intelligence Officer states that on 29 September 1965, an unidentified flying object was sighted in the Charleston, South Carolina, area. The report is forwarded in accordance with paragraph 13b, AFM 200-2, as amended:

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Spherical
(2) Basketbill
(3) Silver with bright orange glow particularly around edges.
(4) Gas
(5) -
(6) Absolutely round and appeared to have the color of aluminum or dull steel.
(7) Left whispy trail of fire from the top and bottom of the sphere.
(8) No sound.
(9) -

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
(1) It suddenly appeared in the sky - moving from Northwest to Southeast. It was not too bright.
(2) As it moved, it seemed to travel on a level flight path.
(3) 45 degrees - level.
(4) Level flight path - no maneuvers.

- page 34 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

(5) Suddenly went dark and was gone.
(6) At least 10 seconds.
c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Ground - visual
(2) None
(3) -
d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) 04452 10 September 1965.
(2) Exceptionally clear night - full moon - no clouds or restrictions to visibility whatsoever.
e. Location of Observer(s): Exact latitude and longitude of each observer is shown position, with reference to a known landmark.
f. Identifying Information of All Observer(s):
(1) -
(2) Aircraft Maintenance officer, USNAS, Los Alamitos, California - 23 years aviation experience, qualified jet engine pilot,3500 hours flying time.
g. Weather and Winds-Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sighting:
(1) Ceiling and visibility unlimited - full moon.
(2) Calm.
(3) None.
(4) Unlimited.
(5) None.
(6) None.

- page 35 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This seems to be a page from a scanned document, specifically a Project Blue Book report.

Using optical character recognition (OCR), the text from the document can be extracted as follows:

h. ANY OTHER UNUSUAL ACTIVITY OR CONDITION, METEOROLOGICAL, ASTRONOMICAL, OR OTHER, WHICH MIGHT ACCOUNT FOR THE SIGHTING:

(1) I am told that a rocket was launched at vandenberg AFB that night. I am positive that this sighting was not of a rocket or any component thereof nor was it a conventional aircraft or balloon.

2. INTERCEPTION OR IDENTIFICATION ACTION TAKEN (SUCH ACTION MAY BE TAKEN WHENEVER FEASIBLE, COMPLYING WITH EXISTING AIR DEFENSE DIRECTIVES):

(1) None. 

3. LOCATION OF ANY AIR TRAFFIC IN THE AREA AT TIME OF SIGHTING:

(1) I did not see any aircraft at that time although there were normally considerable civilian and military traffic in the area.

POSITION, TITLE AND COMMENTS OF THE PREPARING OFFICER:

(1) Chief, Exploitation Branch, Directorate of Intelligence, HEADQUARTERS STRATEGIC AIR COMMAND (SAC) - Subject report was received by this headquarters on 28 September 1965, eighteen days after the sighting occurred. Our analysis of the report indicates the possibility that the sighting could have been caused by a ballistic missile reentry. However, the report does not contain sufficient information to establish this conclusively.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WILLIAM F. COLEMAN, Cy Col, USAF (R)
Chief, Exploitation Branch
Directorate of Intelligence

- page 36 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It seems to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a government project that investigated UFO sightings in the United States.

Text extracted from the document:

I am told that a rocket was launched at Vandenberg AFB that night. The sighting was not of a rocket or any conventional aircraft or balloon. It was a disc-shaped craft which appeared to hover and then accelerate out of sight.

(2) Reaction or interrogation was limited to identification action taken (such action may be directive or permissive, depending on existing air defense directives):

a. Location of any Air Traffic in the Area at Time of Sighting:
(1) I did not see any aircraft at that time, although there were normally a considerable military and civilian traffic in the area.

b. Position, Flite and Comments of the Reporting Officer:
(Included his professional analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s)):

(3) Chiefs, Explanation Branch, Directorate of Intelligence.
Headquarters United States Air Force (USAF), subject report examined, analyzed data supplied and concluded that the sighting in question could not be satisfactorily explained as any known or conventional aerial vehicle. The lack of physical evidence or instrumentations precludes a definitive analysis. After a thorough study, we have been unable to determine the true nature of the sighting in Tustin, California, near El Toro Marine Air Station.

WILLIAM H. COLEMAN, Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Estimation Branch
Directorate of Intelligence

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing text describing a UFO sighting.

(1) Suddenly went dark and was gone.
(2) At least 10 seconds.
c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Ground - visual
(2) none
(3) -
d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) CASE 10 September 1963.
(2) Exceptionally clear night - full moon - no clouds or haze.
e. Location of Observer(s): Exact latitude and longitude of each observer's location or position with reference to a known landmark. Rancho Cucamunga, California.
f. Identifying Information of All Observer(s): 
(1) USAFS, S/Sgt.
This is an Aircraft Maintenance Officer Ident. supplied by
U.S.A.F. Base representing day job - Test Pilot, 3.200 hours flying time.
g. Weather and Wind-Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings: 
(1) Ceiling and visibility unlimited - full moon. 
(2) Calm.
(3) None.
(4) Unlimited.
(5) None.
(6) None.

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

HEADQUARTERS
6592D SUPPORT GROUP
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Air Force Unit Post Office, Los Angeles, California 90043

REPLY TO
ATTN OP:
3250

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

TO: APSC (PTE)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference: AFR 200-2.

2. The following UFO sighting was reported to the Space Systems Division Intelligence Center at 2300 hours, 9 September 1965:

a. Description: Appearance of a stringray with a large light.
b. Course: Northbound.
c. Time and Date: 2143 local time, 9 September 1965.
d. Location of Observers: Los Angeles, California.
e. Observers: At above location. Unidentified.
f. Weather Conditions: Clear.
g. Reporting Officer's Position and Comments:
(1) Operations Staff Officer, 6592d Support Group.
(2) Officer was unable to contact any of the observers.

SIGNED
HOWARD R. SHORT
Capt USAF
Deputy Commander

- page 39 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. The image shows a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, which contains only text.

HEADQUARTERS
4500TH SUPPORT GROUP
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
REPLY TO
ATTN OF:

SUBJECT:

TO:

REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT (UFO)

AFRRC (RF)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO

1. REFERENCE: AFR 200-2

2. The following UFO sighting was reported to the Space Systems Division on 9 September 1965:

a. Description: Jet size object with pointed front, orange in color and with fire on the sides.
b. Course: Southeastern.
c. Time and Date: 2155 local time, 9 September 1965.
d. Location of Observer: Norwalk and Atlantic in city of Allentown.
e. Observer: Air Force, California.
f. Weather Conditions: Clear.
g. Reporting Officer's Position and Comments:
(1) Operations Staff Officer, 6594th Support Group.
(2) Officer was unable to contact the observer.

SIGNED
HOWARD E. SHORE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy Commander

- page 40 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by the observer.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about the unidentified flying object you observed. The information you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 7 Sep 17:45 
2. Time of day: 7 Hour 45 Minute(s) (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other _____________
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Santa Barbara 
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 4 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? By my watch 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy NIGHT: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 41 -

