PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
20 March 1965 20/2230

2. LOCATION
Sloan, Nevada

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
PHOTO: Other (Drop of development on emulsion wiped off)
VISUAL: Others (HOAX)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Pure hazy white solid object observed for 20 seconds in flight from SE to NW. Photographed.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NW

8. PHOTOS
X Yes, Copy in File
□ No

Photo analysis shows that the image edges are not sharp whereas both foreground and background images are. Nothing on printed to indicate a solid object. No line between features on blob. Image appears to be smeared.
Image xpn could be caused by a drop of developer on the emulsion and then wiped off.

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
X No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Considering the apparent high speed of the object and the slow speed of the camera, one would expect the object to be blurred in the photograph, unless the range was great. There is little indication in the photograph of image motion. There is no indication of camera motion.

INVESTIGATIVE ACTION: (During period 20 Aug - 10 Sep 65)

M______ mailed eight cut negatives which had apparently been cut with scissors. The edges were quite rough. Microscopic examination showed that the eight frames matched, that they were part of the same roll, and that the UFO picture was the last frame. Additional contact prints were made which duplicated the print Mr. First gave the Investigating Officer. Apparently the print was not "dodged".

All of the marks in the print are in the negative. The three vertical "light" lines in the print have not been explained. They appear similar to those which could appear on a frame which has rested against a camera film pressure plate for a long time; however, M______ proof camera has no pressure plate.

Neither the negative nor the print look normal. However, no positive proof of the cause of the UFO image and other marks could be found. It was thought noteworthy that the three vertical lines stop sharply at the edge of the negative and do not carry over into the adjacent frame.

Microscopic (500X) photographs of the negative did not reveal any evidence of a composite picture, double exposure, etc. Three labeled prints of the micro-photos are attached.

Four additional prints (also attached) of the UFO negative were made using paper of different contrast. Nothing of significance was noted. The original print and all negatives will be returned to Mr. M______.

Mr. ______ indicated, during the interrogation, that he was thinking about trying to sell the picture to LIFE or some other publication. To avoid the slightest of any Air Force trouble, the print and negatives will be returned without any USAF letter, envelope or "official" comment.

One logical explanation was developed to explain how the photograph could have been made: Assuming that the negative was lying open in a dark room awaiting development, a drop of developer could have splashed onto it; after a minute or so the drop could have been wiped off with the edge of the hand; subsequently the negative could have been developed. This sequence would have produced a slightly darker tail and a much darker UFO, or blot, on the negative due to over-development. The experts in the SSD/Aerospace could not at that time reproduce the UFO effect in this manner.

3


- page 2 -

While this might explain the picture, it does not explain Ma story, unless it is a hoax. In this view, Lr occupation has been taken into consideration. Also considered is a picture of a reportedly high speed object with a camera having a slow shutter speed. The photograph indicates neither image motion nor camera motion (as in the case of panning).

The investigating officer believes that this is an attempted hoax; however, Mr appeared to be a rather normal, sincere and honest individual - quite unlike many of the "kooks" who frequent the Los Angeles area.

Attempts were made to gain access to the photo lab and personnel concerned at Technicolor Corporation where the film was allegedly developed. However, the attempts were unsuccessful. One comment of pessimistic significance was obtained from an executive in the corporation. He stated that their in-house facilities for processing personal photography was for color film only, that processing of black and white film was not permitted, but that a bootleg job could have been done. Mr stated that the processing of personal (company) price to have this film processed.

CHARLES F REICHELTH
Captain, USAF
SSD (SSPA-UTC)


- page 3 -

This case contains 4
8"x10" photos, 2, 2½x2" slides,
3, 4"x7" photos and 1, 4"x5"
negative


- page 4 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a landscape with a dark, textured foreground and a lighter sky or background. The image looks like a mountainous or hilly terrain with a textured, possibly rocky surface in the foreground.


- page 5 -

20 March 1965
Sloan, Nevada

Taken by: [redacted]

Hollywood, California

Evaluation - Hack


- page 6 -

The image appears to be a black and white document with text along the margins:

Left margin (vertically):
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION AFSC

Top margin (vertically):
UNCLASSIFIED

Bottom margin (vertically):
UNCLASSIFIED

The main body of the image is a blurry, grayscale photograph or document with varying shades of gray and black, but the details are not clearly discernible due to poor image quality and low resolution.


- page 7 -

The text I can read on this document is:

UNCLASSIFIED (on the left side vertically)
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC (on the left side vertically)
UNCLASSIFIED (at the bottom right)

The rest of the document appears to be a very low contrast, blurry black and white image with significant degradation, making most of the content illegible.


- page 8 -

The text I can read on this document is:

UNCLASSIFIED

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

The rest of the document appears to be a blurry, low-contrast black and white photographic image with varying shades of gray and black, but the text is not legible beyond what I've transcribed.


- page 9 -

The text on this page is mostly illegible. There is a black bar across part of the text that obscures most of the writing. The only partially visible text appears to be at the bottom of the page, but it is too blurry and fragmented to confidently transcribe.

The image contains a grainy, blurry black and white photograph that appears to be of a textured surface with some spotting or irregular marks, but the details are not clear.


- page 10 -

The text I can clearly read on this document is:

3605

The rest of the text appears to be illegible due to poor image quality or blurring. There is a black and white photograph/image in the upper left portion of the document, which appears grainy and indistinct.


- page 11 -

UNCLASSIFIED

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT    NR 65-43
PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT 23 Sep 65

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT
LOCATION: NEAR SLOAN, NEVADA    DATE: 20 MARCH 1965

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF      4 Prints of UFO Frame    QUALITY: Good

1. PURPOSE: This report answers Work Order 65-107 from Major Quintanilla Jr. (TDEM/UFO) to analyze one photo taken near Sloan, Nevada on 20 March 1965. The following analysis was performed by the combined effort of DPA (Photo Interpreter) and DPP (Photo Processing) personnel.

2. ANALYSIS: The print shows rocky ground with a large hill on the right side. The sky covers half the print. In the sky is a large white oval image. A camera appears on top of the oval. The complete image has a slight trail.

3. We infer from the interrogation by Captain Charles F. Reichruth (SSD), of Mr. Anspangh's photo that this object was far away at the time of photography. If this be the case, the size of the object would be huge. There is nothing to indicate that the object or image is solid. The edges are not sharp, but the background foreground area. No banding, lines or detail of any kind are visible on the object to show that it is solid. A line should be visible between the dome and bottom oval of the object. Such a line is not present. The camera used to take the picture has a behind-the-lens shutter. This type shutter would not smear an image. This image appears to be smeared.

4. We agree with the analysis done at SSD, that the image could be caused by a drop of developer on the emulsion, then wiped off.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:                   APPROVED BY:
[Signatures]
CHARLES G. ANSPANGH               ROBERT L. BASE
1st Lt, USAF                      Captain, USAF
Photo Interpreter                 Chief, Photo Analysis Division

WILBER PRICE, JR.
Director, Photo Exploitation Directorate.

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 12 -

The text on this page is mostly illegible. There is a blurry, low-contrast black and white photograph in the upper left portion of the document. Below the photograph, there appears to be some handwritten text, but it is too faint and blurry to read clearly. There is a handwritten "B" near the bottom of the page.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. NAME (Requester fill in 1 through 9)

2. Symbol

3. Extension

4. Project No.

5. Request Photo: P. Number or Description

6. Density/Size Photo Desired

7. No. of Copies

8. Date Desired

9. Today's Date

Follow-up Dates
1st     2nd     3rd

Type of Retention
□ Permanent
□ Temporary
□ Mount □ Original
Card

□ Incoming
□ Outgoing

[Rows 1-10 are blank]

Date                                Signature

FORM
FTD JAN 62 0-170 (TDDPR)


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. NAME (Requester fill in 1 through 9)
2. Symbol
3. Echelon
4. Project No.

5. Request Photo: P. Number or Description

6. Density/Size Photo Desired
8. Date Desired
9. Today's Date

Follow-up Dates
1st    2nd    3rd

7. No. of Copies

Type of Retention
□ Permanent
□ Temporary
□ Mount □ Original □ Incoming
Cord         □ Outgoing

FORM
FTD JAN 62 0-170 (DDRA)


- page 15 -

Attachment 3


- page 16 -

ENGINEERING SUPPORT WORK REQUEST

[X] PHOTO ANALYSIS (checked box)

PPT NUMBER: A6010301

DESCRIPTION OF WORK: Request photo analysis be performed on the attached negatives.

REFERENCE MATERIAL: Ltr in SSD (SSPA), 20 Sep 65, Investigation of UFO Sighting Near Sloan, Nevada, on 20 Mar 65 with 5 attachs. Request all reference material be returned upon completion of analysis.

REQUESTED BY: [Name partially illegible] SYMBOL TDSN/UFO PHONE 69216

[Rest of the form is mostly blank, with standard form fields for priority, deadline, signatures, etc.]

Form dated FTD SEP 64 462, with note that previous editions may be used.


- page 17 -

VIEW
UFO Sighting, Near Sloan, Nevada, 20 Mar 65

HQ (SATA)
Attn: Capt Reichenbach
Los Angeles Air Force Station
Air Force Unit Post Office
Los Angeles, California 90045

Reference your letter, SATA, subject Investigation of UFO Sighting Near Sloan, Nevada, on 20 March 1965, dated 20 Sep 65. The Photo Analysis has been completed and is attached. We are enclosing the eight negatives and one print in order that you may return them to Mr Pierce.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

2 Atchs
1. Photo Analysis
2. 8 Negatives and 1 print

ORIGINATOR: [Signature]
TMJW/UFO [Typed name] DATED 22 Sep 65


- page 18 -

HEADQUARTERS
SPACE SYSTEMS DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOS ANGELES AIR FORCE STATION
Air Force Unit Post Office, Los Angeles, California 90045

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DSPA(Capt Reichardt)/643-3310)                     SEP 20 1965

SUBJECT: Investigation of UFO Sighting Near Sloan, Nevada, on 20 March 1965

TO:     FTD(TWDS) Attn: Major Quintanilla (TDEM)
         WPAFB, Ohio

1.     Reference attachment to this letter and telephone conversation between Captain Reichardt, USAF, and Sergeant Moody, USNE, on 14 September 1965. Attached negatives of 2 and 3 September 1965 sightings. Attachment number 4 is transmitted at the request of Sergeant Moody and sent to record.

2.     My request earlier that the negatives be returned to him immediately. He was contacted on 17 September and agreed to let the two negatives and print for two more weeks. In the interests of community relations it would be desirable to have the negatives in 14 days.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WILLIAM J BRIGG
Colonel, USAF
Asst Deputy for Foreign Technology

Attachments:
1. UFO Investigation Report
2. Prints of the UFO frame
3. Micronegatives of grain structure
4. 3 Negatives and 1 print of the UFO frame


- page 19 -

TWDW:
UFO Sighting, Near Sloan, Nevada, 20 Mar 65

BSD (337A)
Attn: Capt Reichrath
Los Angeles Air Force Station
Air Force Unit Post Office
Los Angeles, California 90045

Reference your letter, BSD (337A), subject Investigation of UFO Sighting

Incl: Photos, was completed on 20 March 1965, dated 20 Sep 65. The Facts
Memo Sloan, Nevada, on 20 March 1965 attached. We are attaching the
analysis to be completed and one print in order that you may return them to
our files.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JOECKHEERE, Colonel, USAF         2 Atchs
Deputy for Technology and Subsystem         1. Photo Analysis
                                            2. 3 Negatives and 1 print

ORIGINATOR:
TWDW/UFO    Maj H Quintanilla, Jr           DATED


- page 20 -

HEADQUARTERS
SPACE SYSTEMS DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOS ANGELES AIR FORCE STATION
Air Force Unit Post Office, Los Angeles, California 90045

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 35FA(Capt Reichmuth/643-3310) e * r.836/3-/55

SUBJECT: Investigation of UFO Sighting Near Sloan, Nevada, on 20 March 1965

TO: FWD(TDFS) Attn: Major Quintanilla, (TDEM)
WPAFB, Ohio

1. Reference attachment to this letter and telephone conversation between Captain Reichmuth, 35FA, and Sergeant Moody, DDEM, on 14 September 1965. Attachments number 1, 2 and 3 are for retention. Attachment number 4 is transmitted at the request of Sergeant Moody and must be returned to 35FA not later than 30 September 1965.

2. [Redacted text] had earlier requested that the negatives be returned to him immediately. He was contacted on 17 September and agreed to let us have the negatives and the print for two more weeks. In the interests of community relations it would be desirable to have the negatives in [redacted text] hands by 1 October.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WILLIAM J. TRIGG
Lt Colonel USAF
Asst for Foreign Technology

Attachments:
1. UFO Investigation Report
2. 1 prints of the UFO Frame
3. 3 Microphotos of grain structure
   in frames 7 and 8
4. 3 Negatives and 1 print of the
   UFO frame


- page 21 -

MEMORANDUM                                                13 September 1965

SUBJECT:    UFO Investigation

TIME AND PLACE:    Approx 1530/20 Mar 65, near Sloan, Nevada

REPORTED BY:        [redacted] positive sound track developer, [redacted] Hollywood, California
Residence:          [redacted] North Hollywood, Calif., tel: [redacted]

The source of this UFO report visited the SSD PIO Office (SSS) on 12 August 1965 and provided the below information; Captain Charles F Reichmuth, USAF, conducted the interrogation.

Mr [redacted] from Los Angeles, California, has been employed by the [redacted] Corp. for over 15 years.

On 20 March 1965 he was driving alone on U.S. Highway 91 about 20 miles out to Las Vegas (near the general area of Sloan, nevada) en route to Los Angeles. At about 1530 hours he stopped the car on the side of the road to change his shoes which were bothering him. After he had stopped relative to his car (estimated bearing about 150°), the UFO travelled in a general direction from southeast to northwest, passing in front of his car at what appeared to be a considerable distance.

In the first instance seeing the UFO, took a camera which he had in the car, got out of the car, placed the camera on the hood and aimed in the general direction or the UFO just before it disappeared and snapped the picture without using the viewfinder "in the hopes that he might get a picture of it before it disappeared". The weather was clear - no clouds or haze.

When the object was first sighted it was at an angle of about 30° - 40° above the horizon, distance or altitude unknown. When the object passed in front of the car at an angle of about 200 above the horizon, again distance and altitude unknown. When it was last seen, passing over a small, which can be seen in the photograph, it was at an angle of less than 20° above the horizon.


- page 22 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

There was no sound, no heat, no changes of color or other phenomena noted. The object, appeared to be of pure, hazy white, definitely solid-looking, and did not appear to have an undense appearance that one might associate with a cloud. Total length of observation was about 20 seconds. Mr [redacted] camera, with the picture was taken, is an old Kodak Brownie box camera which [redacted] had had for over 35 years; it had no adjustments, an estimated aperture of f.11 and a fixed speed of about 1/50th of a second. It uses size 116, 8 exposure film. Film used to take the picture was panchro-matic black and white.

The Technicolor company also has facilities for the processing of amateur photography and offers special rates to its employees. Because of this, Mr [redacted] had his film developed and prints made by the company. He [redacted] in one context put with apparently shows a picture of the UFO shortly before it disappeared over the coil. There was an indication that the print has been "dodged". The UFO itself has no characteristics other than being a white blob. There is an indication of some sort of a hazy vapor trail, behind the object which gives the object a sense of motion. Mr [redacted] said he still has the negatives for the whole roll of film and was asked to forward these negatives immediately so that they may be examined. He said the negatives were cut and not one continuous roll. The UFO photograph was the last frame.

COMMENTS (12 August 1965):

[Remainder of text contains some redacted sections and discusses details of the UFO observation]


- page 23 -

