PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
12 August 65 13/0300

2. LOCATION
Ramona, California

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Motion indicates possible meteor. Could be contrail. Form 164 sent, not returned.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer sighted a saucer-like object. It was somewhat like a doughnut, white, flat on bottom, sides rounded, appearing to be illuminated from within. It traveled in a straight path at a very high rate of speed to the NE disappearing in a cloud.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NE

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Object traveled in a straight line with no change in its course

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
170 -

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME
ADDRESS   Ramona   California
TELEPHONE NUM   AGE 67   SEX Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
19 6 th   December   1965   Major Hector Quintanilla
(after reading Hq. in Jan 1966 Proj Blue Bk)   Wright Patterson Air Base
   Dayton, Ohio

Page 6 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    22nd February 1966
                                               Day     Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

We are located at corner of Third and Hillcrest Lane - At corner is a large Pepper Tree. Off our alter this tree I first sighted this object and it appeared to be 6-8' in diameter - at course was directly above the lane, and as straight as lane itself - The corridor of sky was clear + dry blue - 

Miso.

(Note: There is a black redaction/mark at the bottom of the handwritten section)


- page 4 -

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla                                                4 June 1968

it occurred at a small airport and the duration was one and one-
half minutes.  Following should have been made to determine whether
there were other potential witnesses. Since it occurred at mid-
night on December 28, it is possible that there were no other
witnesses available. Must be carried as unidentified, single
witness.

15. 12 August 1965, Ramona, California.

    One witness, duration of sighting only 15 seconds. Witness
was a 67 year old lady. Sighting occurred at 9p.m. daylight,
saving time in the middle of August, and thus the sky should
still have been reasonably bright. Witness said sighting occurred
at night and sky very blue. Perhaps she thinks that anything
after 6 p.m. is night. Must be listed as unknown (meager data,
single witness, very short duration).

16. 26 February 1966, Bartlett, New Hampshire

    I have in my files for 26 February 1966, Manchester, New
Hampshire. I do not seem to find a Bartlett, New Hampshire
case. See attached supplemental sheet A.

17. 17 July 1966; Centerville, Ohio.

    Temporarily not in file. Will study this case when I visit
Dayton.

18. 9 February 1967, Odessa, Delaware.

    Since by an admitted breakdown in communications the Dover
Air Force Base delayed some five months in investigating this case,
all I have is the NICAP report. Evaluation pending my getting a
copy of the Air Force investigation of same. Based on NICAP
report, the sighting is obviously unidentified.

19. 12 February 1967, Grand Rapids, Michigan.

    I have only the card on this case, but judging from it there
seems to be a possibility that this one-witness case was caused
by low-flying birds reflecting light. The sighting lasted 4 to
10 seconds, and witness mentions a high-pitched chirping noise.

20. 1 April 1967, Wellington or Loco, Texas.

    I had a great personal involvement in this case, much of it


- page 5 -

Ramona, San Diego Co., California 92065
December 26, 1965

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Honorable Sir:
Your indulgence, please.

My husband, Mr. [redacted], an avid reader of Popular Science, I for the first time, decided to pass through it, was I surprised to find the UFO article written by Mr. [redacted] in the January 1966 issue. It certainly intrigues me, into writing this letter. Yes, I have heard and read of Flying Saucers and wondered why I could not see one. Then it DID happen. Am most interested to learn IF one photographed by the TV newsman was on August 12, 1965.

Our cat "Cleo", usually perches herself on our rooftop, and I went out to find her. This the night of August 12, at exactly 9 p.m. However, Cleo was not there, and I, for some unknown reason continued to look on up into the sky. The immediate area beautiful blue, blue, with nary a cloud from our corner of Third and Hillcrest Lane, to just beyond our Driveway on the Lane, a distance of perhaps 200 feet, and at that point hung a huge billowy cloud of white.

Suddenly from nowhere, since the pepper tree at corner hides any distance beyond from vision. Behold! zooming through this beautiful corridor of Blue Space, from the southeast, and following a perfectly straight line above the Lane itself, came this object like saucer. I like to liken what I saw to a huge "blue-white" cloudlike downhits, about 6-8 feet in diameter, flat on bottom, sides rounded, top unseen, and appearing to have a brilliant illumination within. It did not seem very high in the sky, but traveling so very fast, toward northeast, and lost in the huge cloud, more mentioned, I saw it no more.

I know very few peoples in this community, so we little comment. Too, today most peoples remain within and in fact I too, may have missed all of this had it not been my wish to find Cleo.

Thank you so much your indulgence and if possible would you let me know if that TV newsman saw his object the same night.

Seasons greetings and success in the field of UFO, be yours in 1966.

Sincerely yours,
[signature redacted]


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

1036 Third Street
RAMONA WATER CO.
CALIFORNIA 92065

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
WRIGHT PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
Dayton, Ohio

personal and
confidential, please.

The rest of the document's body text is too blurry/illegible for me to confidently transcribe. There is a postmark/date stamp in the top right corner of the document, but I cannot clearly read its details.


- page 7 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

Jan 24, 1966

Dear [redacted]

Attached is PTO Form 164 which is used for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects to the Air Force. In order for the Air Force to evaluate these reports, this form should be completed as fully as possible and returned to this office.

Sincerely,
SARA HUNT
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
PTO Form 164

[redacted]
San Diego County, Calif. 92065


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Rect. g. cone is
15 ft. Dist. -

Copy for Hynck.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
    12th   August   1965

2. Time of day: 9
    Hour    Minutes
    (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
    (Circle One): a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    [Redacted address]    Ramona    California
    Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight?
    15
    Hours    Minutes    Seconds

    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                NIGHT
    a. Bright            a. Bright
    b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One): a. In front of you
                b. In back of you
                c. To your right

                d. To your left
                e. Overhead
                f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 9 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
e. Didn't see stars

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember
e. Didn't see moon

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Crazy white blond - Illumination within

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: Edges were Rounded

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes/No/Don't know options are marked for each item, with some having specific markings.

Page 2 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Saw a white cloud.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES ☒ NO ☐ Don't Know. ☐ If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: a large cloud and disappeared into it - the cloud I first saw it 175 ft ahead of me!!

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES ☐ NO ☒ Don't Know. ☐ IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: [Handwritten text appears to be partially illegible]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None would detect
b. Color: White, white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
cannot accurately answer this-

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple elliptical/oval shape is drawn with an arrow pointing to the right]

Annotations on the drawing:
Top unseen
Bottom flat
short, wide(?) lack rounded edges
There was no wings, no many exhaust or vapor trails


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 1500 to 2000 feet.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         e. South
b. Northeast     f. Southwest
c. East          g. West
d. Southeast     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank] miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No    e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes   No    f. Telescope    Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No    g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No    h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects in which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten response] 
Seen only like if this huge Donut - high in pattern with white sides - completing, seeing the form, right side, & rear - like top, would not look


- page 12 -

