There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 10 October 65 11/0255Z
2. LOCATION: Miamisburg, Ohio
9. CONCLUSION: A/C
11. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECTS: Spotted and sudden, on top of hill, distant and sighting 4 minutes
16. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
17. COURSE: Object moved from east to west
18. PHOTOS: No
19. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by a witness regarding a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used only in the investigation of UFO reports and will not be used for any other purpose, such as conclusions, or publications, without your permission. We request that this personal information be kept secret as to any unnecessary details.

1. When did you see the object? 25 OCT 1954
2. Time of day: 12:30 PM (Circle One): A.M.  or (X) P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central d. Mountain e. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? MILAM TOWNSHIP MONTG' COUNTY OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 25 MINUTES  Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? TIME BY WATCH TILL SIGHT NOT POSSIBLE TO BE SHOT
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes (X) No ____
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: Bright NIGHT: Haze
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right

The text from the document is as follows:
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used only in the investigation of UFO reports and will not be used for any other purpose, such as conclusions, or publications, without your permission. We request that this personal information be kept secret as to any unnecessary details.

1. When did you see the object? 25 OCT 1954
2. Time of day: 12:30 PM (Circle One): A.M.  or (X) P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central d. Mountain e. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? MILAM TOWNSHIP MONTG' COUNTY OHIO 
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 25 MINUTES  Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? TIME BY WATCH TILL SIGHT NOT POSSIBLE TO BE SHOT
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes (X) No ____
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: Bright NIGHT: Haze
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire or form filled out.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. He moon -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter 
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compared to the brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or slow down at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a UFO report form.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Moved up and off to the right quickly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
Moved behind trees.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Whooshing sound
b. Color Bright white light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you find performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Object was too small to test.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show trails or wings trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(Hand drawn sketch of the object moving in a diagonal upward direction with a trail.)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 3 'q.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 700-'100 yds.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? About 40 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A circular shaped saucer, bright silver in color, moving sideways across the sky.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing only a sketch and text.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

a. went further to eastward at a very high rate of speed
b. climbed to an extremely high altitude and continued eastward on a direct course

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and give an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

Page 9

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] 
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
SEX [Redacted]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

WRITER WITH PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

Day Month Year

- page 7 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The sketch appears to depict some kind of unidentified aerial object or phenomenon.

34. Data you completed this questionnaire: 
    10    Day  Oct   Month   1965  Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Mr. Jones - Police Officer - unable to get a correct description - appeared to be circular - moved fast and clear sight could not be obtained

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire or report form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified craft you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in a research program to obtain a better understanding of this problem. If you desire to remain anonymous, without giving your name, please indicate this point and specify whether or not it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 
Day - Month - Year
2. Time of day: 1:10 hour 
(Circle One): a.m. or p.m.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern, 2. Central, 3. Mountain, 4. Pacific, 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
Nearest Postal Address 
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 
Hours - Minutes - Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? 
a. NIGHT Partly Cloudy
b. CLEAR 
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you, b. Behind you, c. To your right, d. To your left, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

8. IF you saw the objoct at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. About the same b. Dimmer c. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? c. Make a sound? d. Give off smoke? e. Change brightness? f. Flash or flicker? g. Disappear and reappear?

The text from the image has been transcribed completely.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

13. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)
Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)
Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound No k
b. Color

18. "We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or man's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the hand or the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered?"
a 6 by 11 inch paper about half covered the object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show trails or smoke trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 11 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If your answer is YES, then what speed would you estimate? 15.5 miles per hour
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If your answer is YES, then how far away would you say it was? 7 miles
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outside d. Airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other_____________
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Near mountains? f. Flying over open country? g. Other _________________
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West 24.2 How fast were you moving? ____miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses (Yes) No b. Sun glasses Yes (No) c. Binoculars Yes (No) d. Telescope Yes (No) e. Windshield Yes (No) f. Window glass Yes (No) g. Other ______________ 
26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: the object appeared to be circular and bright silvery in color

- page 12 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document contains a compass diagram and an instruction to imagine a sketch and draw the position of an object relative to the horizon. There is no photograph present on this page.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture of the path of the object. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a UFO report form.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: [Redacted] SEX: [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[Redacted]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Redacted]

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report or document, showing a handwritten response to a questionnaire.

The text from the document says:

Did you complete this questionnaire?
Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The handwritten response covers a number of points about the sighting, including details about the object's appearance, movement, and associated phenomena. The response appears to provide additional information that was not covered in the specific questions of the questionnaire.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a document with text. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
28 October 65 28/1922 Miamisburg, Ohio
3. SOURCE 10. CONCLUSION
Civilian Astro (VENUS)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
25 minute s
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual (EX, TX)
7. COURSE
West
8. PHOTOS
None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object appeared as a light, was brighter than a bright gold when viewed through binoculars. Looked like a huge star. The object had some characteristics of a round ball when viewed at high both binoculars and telescope. With out the use of the binoculars the object had dazzled edges. Appeared to shine out of sight. Binoculars were used.
A similar object was seen two weeks prior. Binoculars were used.

- page 16 -

