PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP:
6 July 1965  07/0330Z

2. LOCATION:
Kiel, Wisconsin

3. SOURCE:
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION:
UNIDENTIFIED ✓

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS:
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observing passage of ECHO I when object appeared in the West that looked like a shooting star. Had flashing light blinking on and off. Object hovered in orbit across the sky passing ECHO. Complete flight took less than one minute. DEFINITELY NOT an A/C. Same size as a star.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION:
Less than One Minute

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION:
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE:
East

8. PHOTOS:
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE:
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

July Hie. U.S.C.Spr.
July 8, 1965.

N.A.S.A.
Washington, D.C.

To whom it may concern:

It was suggested to me by a local High School teacher that I write a letter to you and find some sort of an explanation of what I saw in the sky on July 7, 1965. First of all, let me say that we live away from the town, so I have a clear view of the sky. I am much interested in the stars, and the Satellites---having watched the Echo for the past five (or six) years---whenever I chance to spot it going over. I have watched it with the aid of a time-table published in some local paper, but lately, there being no time-tables published, I go out at various times, and a lot of the time I spot it, so I watch it go over. Last night I believe it was about 9:30 when I chanced to spot it, and when it was directly overhead, I happened to look to the West, and up over the horizon appeared what at first looked like a shooting star---but with the light flashing off and on, and it moved in a complete orbit across the sky, passing the Echo when it was just past the zenith. I watched it until it disappeared in the Eastern horizon---all this took what seemed to be less than a minute. It was definitely not an airplane---jet or otherwise, I've seen enough of them go over at night to know one. It was the same size as a star, with a regular flashing of light---off and on. Please take this for what it's worth---I am not given to "seeing" things, and you might even file it away in your "Your-guess-is-as-good-as-mine" basket, but I've at least told someone about it. I'm hoping this won't be ignored completely, and that I may get some sort of an answer.

Yours sincerely,
[Signature redacted]
Kiel, Wisconsin 53042


- page 2 -

FTED (MDER)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
27 July 1965

Dr J Allen Hynek
The Harvard College Observatory
60 Garden Street
Cambridge 38, Massachusetts

Dear Allen:

Request your evaluation on the following cases:

1. Ltr fm Wg Observation - 7 Jul 65, Kiel, Wisconsin.

2. Msg fm 662 Radar Sq SAGE, Oakdale Al, Pa, observation - 6 Jul 65, McKeesport, Pennsylvania.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

2 Atchs
a/s


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

KIEL, WISCONSIN 53042

U.F.O.

N.A.S.A.
WASHINGTON D.C.

There is also a postmark stamp showing JUL 6 1965 and a MAO marking, along with a United States postal service stamp.


- page 4 -

UFO Case: Report on phone call to Mrs. [redacted] Kiel, Wisconsin, October 13, 1965, 15-20 minutes.

She had sent a letter to NASA and had received a reply to the effect that her letter was being referred to Rigi Field, and then, of course, nothing happened for a long while. She seemed extremely happy and very grateful to have a response: "very glad that somebody paid attention". So now at least she feels that her tax money does some good!

The sighting was actually July 6, 1965, rather than July 7, because she got out her diary while I talked with her, and she knows it was July 6 because they had a frost that night. How you have frosts in July, I don't know, but she says they did. At any rate, the sighting was as follows:

She's very fond of watching the satellites go by and makes quite a practice of watching the sky. This evening she watched Echo, and as Echo was getting toward the zenith, she glanced to the west quite low on the horizon "from about as low as possible" she saw an object which looked very much like Echo but perhaps a little brighter, but it was pulsing as though somebody were turning a flashlight on and off. It was about one flash per second, or somewhat less. No other colored lights visible. This object, she said, did not go straight across the sky but followed the circle of the heavens. It passed quite close to Echo. There was no ground whatever, and the sky was very clear. It traversed the entire sky from west to quite low in the east, so total of perhaps 150° in less than a minute, but a meteor is completely ruled out.

Here, and of course, so is a balloon. The winds were calm, and the sky was very clear, as is consistent with having a frost.

She was, however, positive that there was no moon, but at 9:30 pm, the moon, being at first quarter, should have been somewhere in the southwest. She doesn't remember the stars either, but she did say the sky was very clear. Perhaps she just took the moon and stars for granted!

From our conversation, I gathered she is the "salt of the earth" type, not boasting any particular education, but nonetheless, quite articulate and "down to earth sensible". She wanted to know when she could see the comet! The light did not vary in average brightness. Then, she said, "I am sure that what I saw was not a plane". She was most emphatic, and repeated it many times that she is very familiar with both props and jets that fly by and with their lights and with their motions, and that this definitely was not a plane. Furthermore, she says planes fly straight across the sky and do not follow "the circle of the heavens".


- page 5 -

October 26, 1965

Mrs.
Kiel, Wisconsin

Dear Mrs.

I forgot to ask one important point in talking to you the other night. Which of the objects, Echo or the light you saw, came closest to the zenith, or exact overhead point, and, in fact, how close to the zenith did the light come?

Thank you for your cooperation.

Sincerely yours,

J. Allen Hynek
Director

JAHiar


- page 6 -

KIEL, WISCONSIN
6 JULY 1965

Observer was outside looking at the sky at approximately 2130 when she noticed an object which first looked like a shooting star, but the flight was flashing on and off. ECHO I was visible in the sky at this time and this object moved in orbit across the sky passing ECHO as it crossed the zenith.

The object disappeared in the East after having been visible for less than a minute. Its size was comparable with a star and was pulsating as though somebody was turning a flashlight on and off. It was about one flash per second, or somewhat less. There were no other colored lights visible. There was no sound whatever, and the sky was very clear. It traversed the entire sky from west to quite low in the east, a total of perhaps 150° in less than a minute.

COMMENTS

Due to the reported data a meteor and a balloon is completely ruled out.

The observer was positive there was no moon, but at 2130 the moon, being at first quarter, should have been in the southwest. The observer was positive that the object was not an aircraft because she can definitely identify such.

The statement that the objects followed the "circle of the heavens" was stressed by the witness. Due to the available information, the case is carried as unidentified by the Air Force. A satellite is a logical explanation; however, the available data does not warrant such an explanation.


- page 7 -

UFO Report: Mrs[redacted], Kiel, Wisconsin, phone call.   P. 2

Sorry I can't identify this for you, but the woman's story was simple and straightforward and not at all complicated. She was a pulsating light go from thewestern to eastern horizons in less than a minute. Had it been as slow as Echo, she said, she would have mistaken it for Echo, except that this was pulsating rapidly. Meteors, even if this were a possible explanation, do not flash on and off like a flashlight being clicked on and off, so I don't know where we are.

One of the outstanding things in this sighting is the repetition of the fact that the object followed "the circle of the heavens" and did not cross the sky in a straight line. I neglected to ask her how close to the zenith it passed, but will drop her a note and clarify that point.

This sighting is similar to the McKeesport, Pennsylvania sighting which was made the previous night, except that those lights were quite slow moving. Just a case of too many lights in the sky that don't belong there!


- page 8 -

