PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
1 December 65 02/0502

2. LOCATION
Norwalk, Ohio (4)

3. SOURCE
Civilians

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual (TX)

7. COURSE
SW

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (VENUS)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was like light of a car headlight, very bright white. All of the observers tried to see the object thru a telescope but the object was too far away to focus in on it. One observer went to call Highway Patrol, as he did he saw the light appeared to change colors to blue, and appeared to move down to tree level, turned red, then went back up to its original position, when it then appeared to spread off in the SW direction at a high rate of speed.

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day: November Month: 27 Year: 1965

2. Time of day: [Blank]
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Norwalk, Ohio (Nearest Postal Address) (City or Town) (State or County)

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
[Blank] Hours [Blank] Minutes [Blank] Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? [Handwritten, partially illegible]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes [X] No [Blank]

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object or NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [Handwritten text]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
                    Yes   No   Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: little noise, slight hissing not loud
b. Color: white, blue, faint

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Page 3 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ___________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East            e. South            g. West
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses        Yes    No        e. Binoculars        Yes    No
b. Sun glasses       Yes    No        f. Telescope        Yes    No
c. Windshield        Yes    No        g. Theodolite        Yes    No
d. Window glass      Yes    No        h. Other ______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Handwritten text in this section is mostly illegible]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[Blank response area]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No.
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Blacked out/redacted text]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
[Blacked out/redacted text for Last Name, First Name, Middle Name]

ADDRESS
[Partially visible text: "City" is "Green Springs", other parts blacked out]

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Blacked out]
AGE: 12     SEX: Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
[Blank response area]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially filled out, but text is not fully legible]

Page 6 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 13     15     Dec     1965
                                               Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The rest of the text in this section is partially illegible due to poor image quality]

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 8 -

1 December 65

SAFOTCC/Mrs Cassel/bp/76526/24 Oct 66

OCT 24 1966

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Please excuse the delay in answering your letter regarding your unidentified flying object observations. A backlog of correspondence and reports has precluded a prompt response to your inquiry.

The light which you and members of your family observed is in the approximate position of the planet Venus. The Air Force has evaluated the planet Venus as the cause of your sighting.

Thank you for reporting your sighting to us. We appreciate your interest in our program.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Fremont, Ohio 43420

[Bottom of page contains some partially illegible markings and stamps]


- page 9 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFPSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW/UFO                                                 DEC 28 1965

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs Hunt)

We have received an unidentified flying object report from Mr [redacted]. The following is a suggested reply to his letter.

Dear [redacted]

The light which you and members of your family have been observing is in the approximate position of the planet VENUS. The Air Force has evaluated this object (planet VENUS) as the cause of your sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

5 Atchs
1. Ltr
2. Ltr
3. 3 Ltrs


- page 10 -

TDEV/UFO
UFO Sighting

Hq USAF SAFOVIC (Mrs Hunt)

We have received an unidentified flying object report from Mr
The following is a suggested reply to his letter.

Dear Mr

The light which you and members of your family have been
observing is in the approximate position of the planet VENUS.
The Air Force has evaluated this object (planet VENUS) as the
cause of your sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

ORIGINATOR                                 DATED 23 Dec 65
TDEV/UFO    Maj J Quintanilla, Jr

TDEV                                       DATED 18 Dec 65


- page 11 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

[Name redacted] called 3 December 1965 at 1535 and informed the project office that a number of people in and around have seen a mysterious object in the sky at dusk and immediately thereafter. He claims that this object is emitting some sort of radiation. He also claims that the National Guard in that area took a Geiger Counter measurement and that it was positive. The National Guard is allegedly sending the information to the project office. I have requested that he send me all the information available so that we can evaluate the observation.

Major Quintanilla


- page 12 -

Official Report By
[Redacted], Ohio

It is said on the day of December 1, 1965 that an unidentified object was seen in the vicinity of State Route #250, located South of the City of Norwalk, Ohio about --- miles South on #250. The object first was seen by [Redacted] on the Zenobia Road located at State Route 7150, about 7:50, the object was like a white light of a car but one solid light. The object was there when he turned off the #250 onto Zenobia Road about 7:50. From this he saw this bright light. He went to nearby neighbor and told his car where he was leaving his car still saw this light; from there went into the house and told the rest of the family of the light. He five of them saw the same light and tried to see the object but a telescope could not let the telescope focus it in on the object. I then went to call the Ohio State Highway Patrol, but while I was doing this the object turned this in its light, then came back up to its same level, stayed put and went off in the Southwest at a far rate of speed.


- page 13 -

Official Report By
Fremont, Ohio

On December 1, 1965, I saw a bright white light which would turn a blue-green color and would seem to go up and down; then it turned a fire red and disappeared. On several nights while watching TV, I would look out the front window and see a light light like a flashlight being turned off and on. This would happen several nights a week at approximately 10:30 to 11:30 p.m.


- page 14 -

Civil Air Patrol,
United States Air Force,
Fremont, Ohio,
Squadron 602.

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to poor image quality. Some words can be partially made out, but a complete transcription is not possible without guessing.]


- page 15 -

Official Report By:
Fremont, Ohio

December 1, 1965
Norwalk, Ohio

On the evening of December 1, 1965, I viewed a bright light in the southwest. It was well over the line of woods and it hovered in the sky. I went into the barn to run my son and he took his telescope outside to look thru but every time he just about had it in view, it moved. The light glided like a star. I compared it with other stars and it was ten times larger than the largest star in the sky. I listened for some sound, but heard none. It was quite windy and the wind was blowing from my back. I then went into the house and viewed it from the living room window. I turned out the lights so I could see it better. I say I was out in the yard and called the Sheriff's Department, while he was talking, it had moved down over the line of trees and it started to glow a red like you will see when the sun sets. It ran so still glowing, and moved down an area diagonally. I do this low sink below the trees and dim, but it just seemed to turn off.

My daughters, who is 8 years old and who is 14 years old, and myself, all saw it. The children said it turned blue when I was on the phone calling our neighbor. I started here to see it 8:20, but this wasn't from and I didn't call anyone else because I didn't want to miss anything. I have never noticed anything in the sky like it before.

Pat first called our attention to it when he arrived and I brought it most to a light from an air strip that is just back of the woods, but it was too dark at first. It was kind of light. It wasn't an airplane, I have seen them at night and this was no plane. I did not note the time, but my guess could be we observed it for around 20 minutes. It turned as when I called the sheriff and I got the feeling at that time of the call, that was only a feeling I had at the time.


- page 16 -

Fremont, Ohio
Squadron 602

[The rest of the text is handwritten and partially illegible. While I can see there is continuous handwritten text on the page, I cannot confidently transcribe all of it without potentially introducing errors. The handwriting is cursive and somewhat faded, making complete OCR challenging.]


- page 17 -

The image appears to be a handwritten document with several sections blacked out. The text is written in cursive and appears to be from an older time period. However, due to the black redaction marks, significant portions of the text are obscured and cannot be fully read. The parts of the text that are visible are difficult to transcribe with complete certainty due to the handwriting style and image quality. Some words can be partially made out, but a full, accurate transcription is not possible without risking introducing errors.


- page 18 -

