Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 5 September 65  06/0700

2. LOCATION: Cheyenne, Wyoming

3. SOURCE: Military & Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (GV)

7. COURSE: Not Reported

8. PHOTOS: □ Yes  ■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: □ Yes  ■ No

10. CONCLUSION: UNFOILED DATA PER AVAILABLE

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Oblong object at site of a tower with an uneven down motion, like in case of flashing light. None of evidence not included. In 15 min duration, no positive determination of object's nature or origin was possible through analysis. The object was not hostile, no manner of disposition could be evaluated.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

900COP

Subject: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)                                                   2 6 SEP 1965

To: AFSC (FTD)

1. Reference AFR 200-2, as amended. The following described un-
identified flying objects are an addition to our report of
6 August 1965.

2. Description of Objects: The reported objects are plotted on the
attached maps described below:

    a. Reported by Civilian and U.S. Army Depot to Golf Launch
    Control Facility, where Air Force personnel observed with binoculars.
    The first sighting began at 2205 local time, and the second sighting
    at 2220 local time. Two objects were sighted. First consisted of two objects
    moving approximately 540 miles apart. Objects were the size of the
    North Star, and moved rapidly about 30 degrees above the horizon.

    b. Reported from Lowry Ground Facility and observed by nine
    military personnel with binoculars. See plot number 2.

    (1) The first sighting of an object the size of a scar
    which appeared to be stationary, then moved, disappeared,
    to be regained, and then disappeared again at 2205.

    (2) The second sighting was to the North of the observation
    point. First was slightly above the size of a gob but appeared
    to be a bright light. Described as a round, luminous
    glow, with a yellowish cast. Moved in shape, and the last
    two sightings appeared to move to the right, with low glow.
    There was a similar sighting in the distance behind. Notice
    some similarly to following report.

    c. Objects reported by crew of a Geodetic Survey Team, who
    observed with Wild T-2 theodolite (equivalent to a 40 power
    telescope). See plot number 3.

    (1) Object appeared to be twice the size of a pinhead, appeared
    in the middle of the sky, disappeared and moved on course as indicated. When
    seen through the theodolite, object became clear. While objects grouped
    as shown on plot.


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Wyoming

Colorado

Nebraska

Letters indicate missile control centers

N
T
Q
P
S
R
A
D
K
G
H
I
L
M
O

There is a compass/directional indicator (N) in the top left of the document, and the document appears to be some kind of map or diagram with letters representing different locations or points of reference.


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Top right side:
There will be shown
There are more
from this time
2 minutes after time

Bottom left side:
Wyoming           Cheyenne
Letters indicate missile
launch control centers

The document appears to be a diagram or map with letters and symbols, but the text is partially illegible or faint. There is a compass rose/directional indicator (N) on the left side of the document.


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Wyoming

Nebraska

Cloud Winds

P.B. Angeles

4 Hours
- minutes

The document appears to be a map or diagram with letters and numbers, but much of the text is faint or illegible. The document seems to be related to a location between Wyoming and Nebraska.


- page 5 -

The text I can see on this document includes:

Visible text on the map:
- Cheyenne
- Alliance
- Sterling
- Denver

At the bottom of the document:
- 62-15590
- USAFPPR (L.A. Cntrl)

The image appears to be a map of Wyoming and surrounding states, with various cities and routes marked, showing road or transportation networks. The map is in black and white with dotted and solid lines indicating different routes or boundaries.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

(2) Object again appeared in same location but on the next five successive observations flew a straight course and disappeared to the East. As first, object became three white objects, but as it moved Eastward the two rear whites disappeared and there were now six red, green, and white lights as shown on plot.

d. Object sighted and observed through binoculars by Star Sergeant and two neighbors. Object 1920 local time, Object, Strong, about the size of a saucer, moved with an up and down motion, white in color with a flashing light. Local weather balloons are launched at 10AM and 10PM, so this object is eliminated as a weather balloon. Object was also observed on 31 August and 3 September. See plot number 4.

2. Object was observed to the North of Cheyenne by group of eight young civilians, whose hobby is stargazing with a 50/100 telescope. Object appeared low on horizon, moving slowly Westward, disappearing somewhat higher above horizon. Traced were three objects, size of a dime, close together with red, white, and blue lights. See plot number 4.

f. Object first sighted by personnel at Golf, who informed two members of the Target Alignment Team at a nearby Launch Site. The later observed the same object and identified it as Jupiter, due to observation of the three moons of that planet.

3. The members of the Target Alignment Team and Geodetic Survey personnel seem to be fairly competent in astronomy and can present a very accurate description of the object.

4. The weather in all respects was clear with occasional clouds.

5. Report was compiled by Capt. Edwin L. Brown, Intelligence Staff Officer, with 19 years of artillery experience.

6. Attached are four plots showing locations of observers and directions of movement.

7. Request information as to whether this or the previous report may be released to the public.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of WILFRED R. GILBERT, Colonel, USAF]
Commander, 90th Combat Sup Gp

2

4 Atch
1 - 4 Maps


- page 7 -

