Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE TIME GROUP
22 Jan 65, 23/0930

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OBJECTS
2

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 minute

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual 1

7. COURSE
Main

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

2. LOCATION
Ft Knox, Kentucky

10. CONCLUSION
Unknown

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Second of phony to military patrol at Godman Field. Object described as 30 ft. in diameter. Ascended in spiral with object from out of sight. Sighted by two civilians. Sighting at 8,000 ft. Visibility 15 miles, wind at 3 knots from 270°.

FORM
FTD SEPT 65-0329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

STATEMENT
(AW 190.13, AR 600-140)

[Printed Form Header Details - mostly illegible]

I HAVE BEEN INFORMED BY
WHO STATED HE IS (or CAN)
OF THE UN-2D STATES (Army) (Headquarters), AND THAT HE IS CONDUCTING AN INVESTIGATION OF
[partially illegible text]

"THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE, ARTICLE 31, (and Title 10, United States Code, Sec. 1216) PROVIDES IN PART: 'A STATEMENT MAY BE TAKEN IN CONNECTION WITH LINE-OF-DUTY INVESTIGATION)
[partially illegible additional text]

On the 22 x Jan 1965 while on patrol with Major Allen MF duty officer, we were making something from Lake time from about 1½ miles from landing field. We saw a Major Allen + Bro. just sunset perhaps on Browning. We were at a position of approx 2115 hrs. We were about right close to some landing equipment. The light was unknown. We generated up to 500 to 700 button, could estimate height from approx 10° to 50° degree from horizon. Approx 12 to 15 min. Then about 2115 hrs.

[Bottom of form has standard administrative details]


- page 2 -

AFFIDAVIT

I (here name) HAVE HAD READ TO ME (here noted) THIS STATEMENT WHICH CONSISTS OF PAGE ONE (1) AND SIDE OF PAGE __, I FULLY UNDERSTAND THE CONTENTS OF THE ENTIRE STATEMENT MADE BY ME. THE STATEMENT IS TRUE. I HAVE INITIALED ALL CORRECTIONS AND HAVE INITIALED THE BOTTOM OF EACH PAGE CONTAINING STATEMENT MATTER. THIS STATEMENT HAS BEEN MADE BY ME, FREELY WITHOUT HOPE OF BENEFIT OR GAIN, WITHOUT THREAT OF PUNISHMENT, AND WITHOUT COERCION, UNLAWFUL INFLUENCE, OR UNLAWFUL INDUCEMENT.

[Signature line]

SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBED BEFORE ME THIS ____ DAY OF _______ 19____

WITNESSED BY: ____________________

[Bottom section contains legal text about Uniform Code of Military Justice, Article 31, and Title 10, United States Code, Section 1213, which discusses rights of persons subject to military justice and restrictions on using statements as evidence]

Page 3 of ____ Pages


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

STATEMENT
(AID 100-54, AR 600-140)

[Header section partially illegible]

LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, MIDDLE INITIAL: [Partially obscured]

[Most of the form's header is difficult to read clearly]

I HAVE BEEN INFORMED BY
WHO STATES HE IS (or was)
OF THE UNITED STATES (Army) (Navy) (Air Force), AND THAT HE IS CONDUCTING AN INVESTIGATION OF
[Remainder of this section is difficult to read]

"* * THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE, ARTICLE 31, (and Title 10, United States Code, Section 1221) *ertain words in parenthesis* if statement is taken in connection with line-of-duty investigation)
[Remaining text in this paragraph is partially illegible]

The handwritten section appears to contain multiple paragraphs of text, but much of it is too difficult to transcribe with complete accuracy. Some words and phrases are legible, but a full verbatim transcription is not possible due to the image quality.

At the bottom of the document, there is a date stamp: DA 19 24


- page 4 -

AFFIDAVIT

I, ________________, HAVE HAD READ TO ME (have read) THIS STATEMENT WHICH BEGINS ON PAGE ONE (1) AND ENDS ON PAGE ___. I FULLY UNDERSTAND THE CONTENTS OF THE ENTIRE STATEMENT AS WRITTEN ON PAGE ___. THE STATEMENT IS TRUE. I HAVE INITIALED ALL CORRECTIONS AND HAVE INITIALED THE BOTTOM OF EACH PAGE CONTAINING STATEMENT MATTER. THIS STATEMENT HAS BEEN MADE BY ME FREELY WITHOUT HOPE OF BENEFIT OR REWARD, WITHOUT THREAT OF PUNISHMENT, AND WITHOUT COERCION, UNLAWFUL INFLUENCE, OR UNLAWFUL INDUCEMENT.

[Signature line for person making statement]

SWORN TO AND SUBSCRIBED BEFORE ME THIS _____ DAY OF ____________, 19____ AT _________________

[Witness signature line]

At the bottom of the page, there is text about the Uniform Code of Military Justice, Article 31, and the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, which provides rights related to self-incrimination. The text is quite dense and detailed, discussing legal protections for individuals in military proceedings.

The page is marked as "Page 2 of __ Pages" at the bottom right.


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Estimated 10 mile
Continue to 8 mile
box sector where
on 8 line

Estimated 5 mile
Stands to area box
Circles

Go over 5 mile
Possible to rise
to altitude


- page 6 -

SAUCER NEWS
OFFICIAL PUBLICATION OF THE SAUCER AND UNEXPLAINED CELESTIAL EVENTS RESEARCH SOCIETY

MAILING ADDRESS: P.O. BOX 163, FORT LEE, N.J.
OFFICE: 268 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORK, N.Y.
TELEPHONE: MURRAY HILL 6-2743

EDITOR:
JAMES W. MOSLEY

NON-SCHEDULED NEWSLETTER #22
March 10th, 1965

Finally, we have a report from Staunton - scene of several previous UFO incidents - which calls off a group of seven teenagers who saw and later photographed little men from outer space. This story has all the earmarks of a hot one, but we give it to you for what it is worth. Staunton, Va., is on U.S. Route 250 with several friends when he saw a suspicious-looking man near this side of the road. In his car and coming, the individual until the man was joined by two others, all about 3½ feet tall. Little was taken. Just how they knew the creature was in the barn is not clear, nor had the picture been developed at last report.


- page 7 -

Information Only
Source: Ufo from Paducah

Earlier in the Year, Businessman Steven Rausch reported his encounter with a bright, luminous-like flying object with small blue colored lights at Paducah, Arizona. The pancake-shaped object hovered twenty feet off the ground and made a weird humming sound. It stayed in the same spot for ten minutes and then swiftly flow off into the sky.

Ft. Adv. a smooth-out area of ground that felt very hot to the touch.


- page 8 -

4 March 1965

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Reference is made to your recent letter concerning an unidentified flying object observation which was made in the vicinity of town. An evaluation of the report cannot be made as it was relayed to us second hand.

In 15 years of investigating over 5000 reports of unidentified flying objects, the Air Defense Command has never conclusively proven that all reported aerial phenomena were subjects other than natural and not caused by celestial bodies or the results of meteoric activity.

Attached for your information is the current report on Project Blue Book, the Air Force project on unidentified flying objects. This report, containing information on the program since its origin in 1943.

The Paterson, Maryland, UFO incident on 29 December 1964 was evaluated by the Air Force. A copy of this evaluation is attached.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

2 Incls:
1. Blue Book Report
2. Paterson Report

USS City, Long Island, New York


- page 9 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO:
ATTN OF:

2 Feb 65

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information (Ind)

TO: USAF SAFOI-PH (Mrs Hunt)
WASH D C 20330

1. Reference the attached letter from Hqe concerning
Ms. Janice Flying Objects. An enclosure is a newspaper which
she has sent will not be made as it is second hand.

2. It is suggested that a Fact Sheet and the evaluation of the
present UFO sighting heretofore to her and a reply thanking
her for giving this information to the Air Force.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Foreign Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
e/a


- page 10 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

HQVTAL
Connersville
Ft (Todd)

DD FORM 95

The rest of the document appears to be blank or the text is too illegible to read with confidence.


- page 11 -

ATTN-SGWY(22 Feb 65)                                   2d Ind
SUBJECT:  Unidentified Flying Object

Office, Deputy Chief of Staff for Intelligence, Headquarters, United
States Continental Army Command, Fort Monroe, Virginia 23351

TO:   AFCIN, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Forwarded for information.

1 Incl
nc                                               VICTOR M. HOBSON, JR.
                                                 Brigadier General, USA
                                                 Deputy Chief of Staff for Intelligence

3


- page 12 -

OSI COMMUNICATION                                                 18 January 1965

Subject: (U) Unidentified Flying Object

1. The attached is forwarded for your action in accordance with AFR 200-2.

2. Our files contain no prior record regarding the letter writer.

Attachments:
1 Atch
Ltr, 6 Jan 65, from [redacted]

[Signature of a military officer, appears to be a Colonel, USAF]


- page 13 -

To: Commanding Concern,

Dear Sir,

Yesterday, January 5th, I was waiting long flight with a husband in an Omaha, Air line pilot. 22nd I was then he came in with another pilot of the same line who proceeded to launch into a very detailed description of an encounter with one of these so-called flying saucers over Washington, D.C. at about 5 P.M. Yet somewhat quite fantastic but I must admit he convinced me the

(Note: The last line appears to be cut off and incomplete)

The document is dated January 6, 1965 in the top right corner.


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

It must account for command my 22

Few can fully actually know the ground
entirely. They refuse to report it because
of his subsequent grilling. The pilot
have learned to be quiet besides the
long knows they are made the laughing
stock by the higher-up.

Now, maybe I am a busy body to
report it for spite & it really, but felt
in the long I heard Bruce & read of part
that the radar operator at Patterson
Naval Station spotted two U.F.O.'s
after watching at a speed of 1800 miles
per hour during the evening of Dec. 29 24.


- page 15 -

Since the public knows it has any recent affirmation, I thought that I was my machine was actually seen I days later that the flyer on our radar.

They first saw the small flyer and a higher plane to their sight. It came very fast down & toward them. - else then. -

It was so large it filled the wind shield in front & through scared to death they altered course as a spontaneous reaction. The ship hovers in front of them, then after took left & up. Did all shapeful we fact & document after situation of the eye & speed - which I first


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

in front of them, then alter took
left & up. Saw ill-happened to an
first & document. Their estimation
of the size & speed - which I feel
is entirely difficult to gauge - is
this might still ponder.

But I do think they got a
good look at the shape. It was
yet black - this shape of a triangle -
slightly rounded at the
bottom & fairly accurate
the edge as through

(Note: There is also a small hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a triangular or dome-like shape in the middle of the page.)


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

optical allusion of a spinning top.
One guess is good as another. They
thought but it might have been to really
about much 3 to it was big - Other
said, about a block long (now) of hide. This is
all here guess work.

At any rate the passenger probably
didn't see but in it, staying in front of
this yet:-

So now I'm doing my duty as a good
citizen - & reported this unsuspected
allusion. Somewhere, I read the Canadian

were working on their source theory -
I don't say much to "the principle" work by
said it before with the principle. And possibly this
Bragging by now. And possibly to continue
if it came from outer space. On the


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

~wer writing and their saucer theory
I dwelt after much if the Roswell
that it befalls, the phenomena were only
dragging by more, and possibly straining
left after from some basis to sustain
it came from outer space. On the
other hand, might creatures with a highly
L.D. than the inner, man to help their
beautiful Planet over if decided to meet
until damn fog. Imagine have blown
themselves the Doing done come. They
certainly would it a better gift. I freedom
but its drawback!
I'll not mention the Pilots many
to small to appreciate my feelings!

Sincerely, (signature blacked out)


- page 19 -

Air Force Department Investigating
U.F.O.
The Pentagon
Washington D.C.

[Redacted]
New York, NY


- page 20 -

UFO INVESTIGATOR
NEAR COLLISION REPORTED

The reported near-collision between a UFO and an aircraft, mentioned in the last issue, is the subject of this report. The details and conclusion cannot be delayed, therefore, here are the main points reported to NICAP.

The incident occurred at dusk, Jan. 5, 1965, as a four-engine Electra, operated by a major airline, was approaching a large Eastern city. The captain was a veteran with 25 years military flying experience and was flying with his First Officer along with him were the Flight Surgeon.

Several miles from the airport, both pilots said that they first thought it was an ordinary aircraft. Suddenly it turned, came swiftly toward the Electra - a black, delta-shaped machine, showing a black silhouette in the dusk. As the captain's report indicates, the aircraft was head-on with the UFO and the First Officer said, "My God!"

It started to turn away, then as suddenly as it had appeared it disappeared. It did not appear to be a conventional aircraft. The speed of several thousand miles per hour. I did not report to the tower because I did not feel it was a near miss and a conventional aircraft.

And also because of the ridicule that was hoped or expected to be avoided. Captain Pete Killian of American Airlines, who was interviewed after he publicly reported sighting three UFOs from his DC-8 airliner, a striking confirmation by his own experience, five other airline crews.

Details in "THE UFO EVIDENCE." Besides the reported near-miss, the captain was given an account of an encounter about the time of the famous visual-radar reports at Washington Airport.

Approaching Washington, D.C., a stewardess, etc., took a number of very careful notes. In a DC-8 type aircraft, as a number of the crew carefully at us, at such speed, and appeared to be about to collide with us. The Captain took verbal evasive action, and as I recall he had to write many letters to passengers who complained in writing to the company about being tossed about.

The electra captain said to us was sure these earlier UFOs or a similarly shaped craft on unknown altitude were aircraft, but the speed that even today we have not matched.

Washington, D.C.
30 Jan, 1965


- page 21 -

TOP CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)

11 January 1965
Washington, D.C.

This is in reply to your letter of January 5, 1965, reporting to us the sighting of a UFO incident at Standiford Airport on January 11, 1965.

Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]
Louiseville, New York


- page 22 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY
OFFICE, DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF FOR INTELLIGENCE
HEADQUARTERS, US CONTINENTAL ARMY COMMAND
FORT MONROE, VIRGINIA 23351

OFFICIAL BUSINESS

POSTAGE AND FEES PAID

Addressed to:
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio


- page 23 -

Maston W. Jacks
Major, USAF
Chief, Pictorial Branch
SAFOI-PA
Pentagon

Sir:

Many thanks to your answer of my previous letter. However, I believe that you have overlooked a portion of it. Please send me the official evaluation of the National Airport incident dated January 11, 1965.

Once again thanking you for your co-operation.

Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]

25 February, 1965


- page 24 -

Martin M. Yates
Major, USAF
Chief Personnel Branch
Public Information Division
SAFI-18
HQ USAF - The Pentagon
Washington, D.C.


- page 25 -

January 13, 1958 -- Washington, D.C. -- Over a dozen Army Commissioners reported seeing 13 to 15 metallic, oval disc-shaped UFOs at around 13,000 to 15,000 feet in altitude being chased by two delta-winged jets over Washington. Paul H. Dickey, Jr., 1st Sgt., Jack Moffitt and Sam Merino were in the first group of specialists that spotted the saucers going through maneuvers. SOURCE: Washington Post, D.C.

Information Only
Source: UFO Investigator, Vol. III, No. 2, April-May 65

Washington, D.C.
11 Jan 1965

In the last issue we reported a January 11 sighting at 12-15 and UFO above Washington, D.C. by Paul Dickey and other Army Security Agency personnel. Although his report identifies "Army Security Agency," which is not correct, however, Mr. Dickey is a communications specialist employed by the Army who has six years experience in military technical intelligence.


- page 26 -

UFO (TWXR) WASHINGTON, D.C.-1965
January 14, 1965, 4:50 P.M.... Several (12x15) white
oval objects were noted by two independent observers over
Washington, D.C. These objects were between 12,000-15,000 feet.

Mr. Paul Hicey confirmed the fact that he would draw for
the two to three objects they saw today. They were just about
from horizon to horizon, moving from N.E. slowly dipping,
diving, moving. These objects seemed very slow by about
10-15 miles per hour in "daisy" rotation.

The Washington Post newsman down Army Communications
specialist in Washington to this event.

Their definite location was the Manhattan Building on 19th
and Constitution Avenue.

Several other craft by observers were confirmed by NICAP
and FAA inspectors in about the objects.

Little blinking dots, according to Mr. Paul Hicey, reported
that no blips were reported in radar scopes at the time.

Navy Warrant Morgan wondered why no one has come forth with
photos of the UFOs. We do not know of maybe one the three
at AGI PAAL to get such a picture. He couldn't believe it.

Source: NWCP Center Program, Navy Morgan, moderator.
Ext. Msg. (Phone 3 1859) FAA Messenger PAMA, Telecomp
Washington Post, January 14, 1965.

Editor's Comment:
No photos, no blips, no radar clearly. Then, no absolutely
valid sighting. (Unresolved)


- page 27 -

Information Diary
Defense Space News, Vol. 13, No. 3, March 66
Washington, D. C.
14 January 1966

JETS CHASE FLYING SAUCERS OVER WASHINGTON, D.C.: An incredible UFO sighting was made in the nation's capital on the afternoon of January 14th, by a group of Army communications specialists who gathered around the windows of the Pentagon Building, at 16th St. and Constitution Avenue. According to Paul M. Dickey, Jr., and Ed Shad, two of the dozen or more observers at their vantage point, the UFO was seen moving in an arc from about 12,000 to 15,000 feet above the Capitol building. They were being changed by two F-102 interceptors, with calls to "Jet 6" and other ground control stations. The jets screened for the Defense Department deny that the incident ever happened. But the communications specialists, several of whom gave their names to the newspapers, insist that they were telling the truth and that there was no mistaking the fantastic sight which they witnessed in broad daylight.


- page 28 -

UFOs Over D. C.

The Amateur Radio Magazine of March 1958 carried a short report of a total of 12 speedy discs (sic) flying over Washington, D. C. It seemed one worker in an office spotted the first disc, and others shortly followed by a half dozen more.

The writer went on to say that when the observers noticed a Washington watcher they got a big turn-down. When a local TV Station interviewed one of the men, his program interviewer was allegedly brought to tears and the other five observers were told to hush about what they saw. Seems the broadcast was over the windows government people were looking out, and therefore government people kept it classified.

The Washington Post for 12 January 1958 carried an article which identified the building involved as the Munitions Building on Constitution Avenue N. W. and said the date of the incident was 17 January 1958. It read: "According to Earl M. Dickey Jr. and Ed Shad, who were two of a dozen observers at the windows, there were 12 to 15 white, oval-shaped objects moving in erratic course about 12:15 p.m. above Capitol Hill. And they were being chased by two delta-wing jets."

While for several minutes, they said, the objects were visible, the Washington has been up to its ears in reports of flying objects. So long as the things are now known by initial, they said, simply, "There was no such incident; it just didn't happen." A spokesman for military installations in Washington area had the same comment.

Neverless, Dickey and Shad and three other Communications Specialists employed by the Army - Sam Webb, Jack Scudder and Sam Marrow - were eyewitnesses. They stared on the shape and size of the mass number of the discs and the fact that the discs were moving faster than the jet interceptors. They agree

D. C. (continued from page 13)

that they saw a commercial airliner on the flying things. An Eastern Airlines plane landed at National Airport about that time but seemed to have no unidentified objects.


- page 29 -

Information Only
Source: Booker News, Vol 12, No. 3, March 1965

Received ATIC
14 Jan 1966

On January 12th, a newspaper boy in Riverside, California, observed a 100-foot-long, luminous object in the sky on his route during afternoon delivery. The brightly-lighted UFO was at an estimated altitude of 450 feet as it passed eight over him. It then made a 180-degree turn and moved away "at about three times the speed of a jet."


- page 30 -

January 14, 1966---Wellington, New Zealand---Coachman Airline Pilot Captain D. Shannon reported visual sightings and radar trackings of "V" formation of seven UFOs bearing west track at 58,000 feet over Auckland, New Zealand. New Zealand Civil Aviation Dept. also had radar positions of objects going west to east. SOURCE: Melbourne Herald, Australia.


- page 31 -

HQ USAF (Information Cube)
Source: AFIN Pulaski, Pax & Pax 65

14 January 65
Riverside, California

Riverside, Calif.--On January 14, 1965 S/Sgt Edward Newbery who is the son of an AF Major, reported a mysterious, foolishly shaped object in the sky as he was driving home in a car.

Just Riverside at about 5:50 am. When first seen the object was stationary overhead--in estimated the altitude as about 250 feet. He rode under it to deliver a paper. As he retracted his route, it made a "180 degree turn" and headed toward Corona at "3 times the speed of a jet."

The object was brightly lighted with four red lights showing. They did not blink. It made a slight "whining noise."

--no smoke or contrail---


- page 32 -

17 January 1966
XEROX Plymouth, n. h.

(Local Residents Sight Strange Objects In Sky)

Mrs. Gladys Laughy of Mt. Prospect Road, Holderness, and Richard Bruce, Jr. of Mt. Prospect Road and Mr. and Mrs. Richard Bruce of the Beacroft Office this week to report strange lights in the sky.

Describing the objects as "very bright lights" of irregular shapes, Mrs. Laughy said Thursday night in the northeast, near the horizon, which appeared to be of many miles in length. The same position temperature, then came from the north, then south, but in a gradual and erratic fashion. It quickly faded to a point where it was barely visible. Her experience on nervewstering experience on Friday is a more critical one.

She was accompanied by a former Manchester newsman, who resided in the Manchester area from Wilson about 3 miles from his home. As they watched, the lights went out and she began snapping everything in sight.

She saw a very bright light in the sky, above the line of a flashlight, her prime concern for a moment and then some south toward Plymouth. It was a bright flashing light, bright flashing on the summit. It had a heightened volume, and some other characteristics which she could not describe.

When she came out, radio started up. Richard called the Record Office Monday stating that he was sure he saw something and wanted his wife to see it too. He was what appeared to be a fast moving object in the southwest.

This newspaper called Mrs. Laughy to be two real hands calling over the top of the hill this morning. She called his mother, who also saw the object for a few minutes.

This is a newspaper called Mt. Prospect News, and the Spencer of West Plymouth, Mass., and other papers in New Hampshire, in an accomp- 
(rest of text is cut off or illegible)


- page 33 -

AGOBB-SI(12 Feb 65)                   1st Ind
SUBJECT:    Unidentified Flying Object

FROM:   HQ, SECOND US ARMY, Fort George G. Meade, Md., 20(55)     17 February 1965

THRU:   Deputy Chief of Staff for Intelligence, United States Continental
        Army Command, Fort Monroe, Virginia

TO:     Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, ATTN: CI Branch, Security
        Division, Department of the Army, Washington 25, D. C.

4 Incl
nc

J. P. K.


- page 34 -

No Case, Information Only
Subject: Unidentified Flying Object, V 1, p. 7h

15 January 1965
Washington, D.C.

January 14, 1965 ... The Lester Hockett family of Rte. 5, Waynesboro, spotted seeing an unidentified object at 8:37 M. on Rte. 5 ... east of Waynesboro.

That night, a watchful three-man info file home and noted "Mach. 20 you want to see a flying saucer?" The family went into a wooded area about a quarter mile away and watched the object for some minutes.

The person and two children watched the bright object hover above the ground, then, like the "hand of the finger," disappear.


- page 35 -

To Capt. Information Only
Source: FLIC Bulletin, Vol. 3, #2

Waynesboro, Virginia (AP) ... January 18, 1965 ...
Margaret Shupe of Waynesboro, said today she saw a round
orange or silver object with silver lining a few minutes ago
She said the object was hovering when she first spotted the
object. The sun glare also saw the object.


- page 36 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Top Header]
Information Only
Morning Union Leader, Manchester, N. H.

[Date]
15 January 1965
Between Wilcox and Harlan

[Newspaper Clipping Header]
Morning Union Leader
MANCHESTER, N. H.
Conn. Cite 22,921

[Article Headline]
Light in Sky,
Auto is Halted
Near Enfield

[Article Text]
The mysterious event occurred to a car driven by a resident in Concord last Wednesday night, which he reported in to this newspaper from Wilcox, at 10:45 last night.

It was driving along Route 4 about 15 minutes ago. The 10 p.m. news from WNAC was just starting on the car radio. I was making good 50 miles.

All at once the radio stopped. The lights went out. The engine stopped. Everything electrical in the car stopped working.

I pulled to the side of the road and stopped. I was still holding on the drive shaft when I heard a very loud hum like a high-frequency electrical whine.

I looked up and saw a very bright light. It was now low the cloud cover -- 14 estimates it at between 2,000 and 5,000 feet -- and looked about the size of a flashlight held at arm's length.

Warn your readers to be forewarned. I covered for a moment and then looked off toward the east. Cardigan, traveling very fast, it went right across the sky. It was hovering or moving up to Mt. Cardigan.

As the light left, the bright white went away with it. When the whine died away and the lights came on, the radio came on, and the motor started.

The whole thing lasted about 15 to 20 seconds. There wasn't any wind.

When the car's electricity went out I pulled over to the side and stopped. I let the clutch out and the car stalled. The motor at all running, and the car was a 'pack' I mean heard the unearthly sound when the car stopped, then about five seconds after the light started out with it.

The witness man added, "It was more curious than anything else that the light and the sound seemed to come from most was when he

[Note: The last line appears to be cut off]


- page 37 -

Here is the text from the document:

SAUCER IN SKY STALLS AUTO IN VIRGINIA: Another incident in January's giant saucer flap in the state of Virginia, occurred between the towns of Wilcox and Enfield, on Rt. 4 near Concord, Va. A newspaper reporter was driving his car at about 10:45 p.m., when all of a sudden the radio went dead, the lights went out, and the engine stopped. Jim Newman, who is not named in the clear - is very loud hum like a high-frequency electrical whine, and saw a bright light UFO in the sky. At an altitude approximately between 2,000 and 5,000 feet, it hovered for a few seconds, and then left the area at high speed. As the light descended, the high-pitched whine died away, and the car's electrical system immediately began working again. The whole incident lasted only 15 to 20 seconds.


- page 38 -

Here is the text from the document:

Information Only
Journal: Valley News, Lebanon, N.H.

New England Newswire, Inc.
Box 208, Boston 6 • Telephone 2-1460

Valley News (a)
LEBANON, N.H.
Cir. 6,911

JAN 18 1965

Mysterious Light
Reported Twice
Friday Evening

MANCHESTER, NH - Two
persons have reported sight-
ings Friday in the sky of a
strange evening.

The first was from an uniden-
tified motorist who was trav-
eling between Enfield and
Canaan on Route 4A.

At 9 p.m. the radio sta-
tion operator at WTSN said
he and his wife saw the
light.

The driver pulled to the side
of the road and heard a loud
"like a high-frequency
electrical whine" and saw a
light hovering about 2,
600 to 3,000 feet overhead.

The light moved to the west
about south across the red
area light on top of Mt. Carle.

The man said the "wobble
was jerked about 15 or 20 sec-
onds." About five seconds after
the light started to move the
car radio began to emit a
static-like sound, the man
said. The Manchester man
reported that his
television set stopped working
when the light was seen. The
antenna was damaged and saw
a "mysterious light" in the sky
and also heard a humming
sound. He said the light was
traveling at an estimated
slow rate.

Again, electrical power was
followed when the mysterious
light vanished.


- page 39 -

Information Copy
Source: N.H. Sunday News, Manchester, N.H.

New England Newsclip Agency, Inc.
N.H. Sunday News
MANCHESTER, N.H.
Cir. 45,098

'Mystery Light'
Seen After TV
Stops Working

A second person has reported seeing a "mysterious light" Friday night, just minutes after his television set just accidentally stopped working.

Matthew Polcari of 106 Cross St., and his son, about 8:30 p.m. Friday, were at home watching TV when all of a sudden it stopped working.

He went outside, channeling the store or road had dampened the ground, and near the door saw "the mystery light" high in the sky.

Polcari said that he saw the flash like a board had a flashing signal. He reported two days was moving in the sky and a slow rate.

A Concord man, Friday night had reported seeing a similar light while driving his car on Route 4A between Will and Red Radford.

This incident, which is under investigation, said that the light was seen as well as the light, and the method was supplied. He added that after pulling up, he looked out and saw the light and heard a booming sound.

In both cases, electrical power was reduced when the mysterious light was sighted.


- page 40 -

26 January 1965

Manchester, New Hampshire -- Matthew Rybosky noticed his TV set stopped working after a mystery lighted object with a humming sound hovered over his house. A Concord man reported his car radio, lights and motor stopped after a similar object flew over Route 4A between Wilmot and Enfield. The strange object also made a humming sound. SOURCE: Manchester Reporter, New Hampshire.


- page 41 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

No Cover Slip Only
Cir copy 16 Jan 65
Ret. 124 Oct 1967

Manchester, New Hampshire 03103


- page 42 -

Report Re: 30 Sept 61

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information, so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

2. Time of day:
[Blank fields for Hour, Minutes]
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One):
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Blank fields for Nearest Postal Address, City or Town, State or Country]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
[Blank fields for Hours, Minutes, Seconds]
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                 NIGHT
a. Bright                           a. Bright
b. Cloudy                           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):
a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FTD 4-1544 This form replaces AF Form 164, Jul 55, which is obsolete.


- page 43 -

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One)
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Can't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One)
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Translucent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 44 -

HEADQUARTERS US ARMY ARMOR CENTER
Office of the Assistant Chief of Staff, G2
Fort Knox, Kentucky 40121

AIROH                                                                  12 February 1965

SUBJECT:  Unidentified Flying Object

TO:     Deputy Chief of Staff, Intelligence
        Second United States Army
        Fort George G. Meade, Maryland

1.  An unidentified flying object was observed by military police
patrol and other military personnel on 14 January 1965 near Fort
Knox. Sheet 389 N, Tactical 16.0,00, Tns P23NR0532 to P23NR0588
January 1965. The patrol, 2d John P. Davis and 1st Robert T. Wanamaker,
first observed the object while moving from Northwest to Southeast along
military Hill Road.  The confirmed the observation at the road junction
(P590173) and reported the sighting.

2.  The sighting was confirmed by Major J. S. Glivar, Provost Marshal
Operations Officer. The object was circular, approximately 30 feet in
50 feet in diameter and illuminated with a yellowish-white glow similar
to a firefly.

3.  The object was first sighted at area top level. It ascended
to approximately 300 feet and circled several times in a distinct pattern.
The object again ascended in a spiral until it was out of sight. The
object was observed for 22 minutes, at a range of 1,500 to 2,000 meters.
From coordinates P591N073 and at a range of 1,500 to 2,000 meters. The
orbit of the object was 37 to 55 degrees (azimuth coordinates reading) in
a clockwise direction. It disappeared at a height 50 degrees from the
horizon.

4.  Weather data during the sighting was:

    a.  P32068 January 1965:  Clouds at 8,000 feet, overcast; visibility 10 miles; temperature 36 degrees F.; dew point 30 degrees at 05 knots; thin spots in overcast.

    b.  P32168 January 1965:  Scattered clouds at 1,100 feet; overcast at 8,200 feet; visibility 10 miles; temperature 36 degrees F.; dew point 52 degrees F.; wind from 190 degrees at 09 knots.


- page 45 -

14. Did this object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.
If moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.
If in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.


- page 46 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?     23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building                                    a. In the business section of a city?
b. In a car                                             b. In the residential section of a city?
c. Outdoors                                             c. In open country side?
d. In an airplane (type)                                d. Near an airfield?
e. At sea                                               e. Flying over a city?
f. Other                                                f. Flying over open country?
                                                         g. Other

24. If you were DRIVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)     a. North     b. East     c. South     d. West
                                                       e. Northeast     f. Southeast     g. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes     No                           e. Binoculars     Yes     No
b. Sun glasses    Yes     No                           f. Telescope      Yes     No
c. Window         Yes     No                           g. Theodolite     Yes     No
d. Wind shield    Yes     No                           h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 47 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
                Street                   City                Zone        State
TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE 37    SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
Society

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    Day             Month             Year


- page 48 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 49 -

14. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

15. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[Handwritten text, partially illegible, appears to mention "UFO" and some other details, but the full text cannot be clearly read]

Page 7 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 50 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank or mostly blank document page with some faint border lines and a page number "Page 8" in the top right corner, but the text is not clear enough to read.


- page 51 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. This information that you give will be used to investigate purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
16 February 1965
Day     Month     Year

2. Time of day:
11     30
Hour   Minutes

(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
21 miles out Elizabethtown, Newburg     Newburg     Ort Yocklum
Nearest Postal Address             City or Town     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
1     2-5
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
By watch glance

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

PTO FORM
OCT 62 154    This form supersedes PTO 154, Jul 62, which is obsolete.


- page 52 -

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Can't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. As a light:
a. Yes
b. Can't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a ball of fire
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time
b. Suddenly speed up or change or any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 53 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes - Be occurring

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: ___________________
b. Color: ___________________

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of its head of the match it covered. If you had not performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, please much of the object would have been covered by the match head?   ?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially a smooth trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

No picture drawn


- page 54 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?     23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building                                    a. In the business section of a city?
b. In a car                                             b. In the residential section of a city?
c. Outdoors                                             c. In open country-side?
d. In an airplane (type)                                d. Near an airfield?
e. At sea                                               e. Flying over a city?
f. Other                                                f. Flying over country?
                                                         g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)        a. North         c. East         e. South         g. West
        b. Northeast                d. Southeast         f. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses     Yes    No        e. Binoculars     Yes    No
    b. Sun glasses    Yes    No        f. Telescope      Yes    No
    c. Windshield     Yes    No        g. Theodolite     Yes    No
    d. Window         Yes    No        h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text in section 26 is partially illegible]


- page 55 -

ATTACH
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object                     12 February 1965

5. Attached are statements by personnel observing the object.

1. Incl
2. Stmt from Sgt
3. Stmt from PFC
4. Stmt from Pvt
5. Diagram of
   object

[Signature of] EDWARD M. SAMUEL, JR.
1st Colonel, GS (ASIS)
AC of S, G2

2


- page 56 -

Here is the text from the document:

77. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document also contains two diagrams: one showing a curved line with angle measurements from 0° to 90°, and a compass rose with radiating lines.


- page 57 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object, before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE [redacted]   SEX   male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

[handwritten note appears to say something like "able to clearly see at file" but is partially illegible]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?
[date fields are blank]


- page 58 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    12    OCT    1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The rest of the text appears to be handwritten, but parts are difficult to read clearly. I can make out fragments like "first of all things" and some other phrases, but cannot confidently transcribe the entire handwritten section due to the image quality and cursive writing.]


- page 59 -

The text on this page is partially legible. Here's what I can make out:

with 20 not into view,
I can [illegible word] a [illegible word]
[illegible line]
about [illegible words] in the west
the [illegible words] from [illegible]
[several words are illegible]
a [illegible word] and they [illegible words]
a [illegible words] not a
yet [illegible words]

Much of the text is difficult to read clearly due to the faint handwriting and image quality.


- page 60 -

Letterhead Text:
THE CLEARVIEW MANCHESTER ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY
1050 Hayward Street, Manchester, New Hampshire 03103
Telephone: 623-8051

Names on Letterhead:
RONALD P. TRUDEAU
DIRECTOR
MRS. O. TRUDEAU
EXEC. SECRETARY

The rest of the document contains handwritten text that is partially illegible. Some words can be partially made out, but not enough to confidently transcribe the full text.

A portion of the text appears to be blacked out/redacted with black marker lines at the bottom of the page.


- page 61 -

Information Only
Journal   Union Leader, Manchester, N. H.
                                                17 January 1965
                                                Manchester, N. H.

Evening Union Leader
MANCHESTER, N. H.
Comb. Circ. 52,021

Mystery Light
Report Made
At Lakeport

LACONIA -- Another incident of nighttime lights seen in the sky was reported by Mrs. Caroline Sutton of 55 Dolloff St., Lakeport.

At 8:30 last night, while in her living room watching TV, Mrs. Sutton said, she was startled by the "awesome" sight of a strange but bright light shining from somewhere high in the sky.

The light, which seemed to be coming from the south, soon into her window. She said, "I was just sitting and reading and it was that possibly it was light, but it appeared to be a searchlight," she said, but the most disturbing aspect was its "odd yellow color."

Mrs. Sutton said she had heard a similar sound at the time but she had no idea of hearing it was not too apparent.

Mrs. Sutton reported her experience to the local police station and Officer Harry Perkins, who was on duty in this cruiser, but by that time could see no indication of any unusual sighting.

No one else had reported seeing a similar light.

Mrs. Sutton said her sighting was before she read in the newspapers of the happening of mysterious lights Friday night.

In addition, Mrs. Sutton of 106 Main St., Manchester, whose husband works at the airport, was interviewed. Charles R. Rose Jr., whose wife is employed operating them light passed overhead as he was driving on the I-A to Loudon Walnut and Lowell.


- page 62 -

January 19, 1965 -- Persons Place, Kentucky -- Industrial Department

William Blankens reported the landing of one 20 foot and one 80 foot saucer with three humanoid beings about three feet tall in shiny space suits near a local archery range. These beings uttered unintelligible sounds. CITE: Waynesboro News Virginian, Virginia.


- page 63 -

Information Diary
Journal, Courier News, Vol 12, No. 3, March 1966

SAUCER LANDING IN VIRGINIA: A news report from Lynchburg, Virginia, dated January 25th, tells of an industrial worker, who witnessed a less unidentified UFO come down to earth in a wooded area. The witness, fearful of public ridicule, asked that his name in withheld. He stated that one of the craft appeared to be about 20 yards in diameter, and the other was 80 yards in diameter. There were numerous, about 37 inches high, disconnected from the smaller ship and seen to within 12 yards of him, while he stood frozen in his tracks.

They were humanoids, and looked very much like human beings, except for their unusually small stature and their eyes, which "seemed to look right through me," according to the witness. They utilized some kind of beam to the saucer from which they had a half-hour turned around, and walked back to the craft. A door opened, the three entered the craft, and the opening in the craft then "seemed to seal itself tight". Two, three or five, there was no evidence of a door after it closed. The witness asked that the encounter lasted about a half hour altogether, beginning at 5:30 p.m. The creatures carried no weapons, and did not appear to be hostile in any way.

This includes is only one of many outstanding UFO events which occurred during a recent flight in the Virginia area, as reported in more detail further on in this issue.


- page 64 -

Here is the text from the document:

TD 6638 (Information Only)
Source: ATIC Bulletin, 20 Apr 65

Connecticut Has January Flag

With all the other Eastern states getting their share of UFO reports, Connecticut came into her own in late January.

On Wednesday, 20 January, Charles Clancy, 15, of Hartford, reported he and Frank William Ullman, saw a medal-like disc like a "big nickel" over Mountain Road at 5 p.m. They said it made a high-pitched whistling sound and disappeared toward the Eastern horizon.

A 10-year-old Glastonbury girl reported an object like a soap dish in the southwestern sky at 3 p.m. on the 20th. It had "flashing blue lights".

At 8 p.m. that same night, a Hartford woman and her two children saw a saucer-shaped object rimmed with blue light in the southeast sky. The object was said to comprise an almost straight line extended from Glastonbury to West Hartford.

20 January 65
Hartford, Connecticut


- page 65 -

Newspaper Headline & Agency Inc.
Box 208, Haven 5 • Richland 3-1504

Courant (m)
HARTFORD, Conn.
Cir. 124,441

10-Year-Old
Reports Seeing
Flying Saucer

Rocky Hill, 10, of 200
Main St. Rocky Hill reports he
saw a flying saucer Friday at
sunset at 5:30 p.m. partly based
on a description of a white or
silvery white object, fixed in
black, about four-feet in diameter with one window in the
center.

His attention was attracted
to it by a hovering, no sound
being made. He said the object
sailed overhead.

By the time he ran inside
his house to get his brother,
the object had disappeared.

Last July he saw a similar
object in the area and, he
added, he said, Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Burgess Jr., had not
commented. Robins is a fifth
grader at Center School.
Scene in his favorite spot at
6:30 p.m. a Hartford business and
her two children reported seeing
flying saucer with what appeared to be blue lights on the
perimeter flying over their
house.

22 January 1965
Rocky Hill, Conn.


- page 66 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

STATEMENT
(AR 190-24, AR 600-140)

Milton Police State Bldg 467 (    )
(LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, MIDDLE INITIAL)

I HAVE BEEN INFORMED BY
WHO STATED HE IS (0) (an)
OF THE UNITED STATES (and that he is conducting an investigation of

I, OR I AM (accused) (suspected). I (state out words between brackets if person is making statement under
suspicion of a criminal offense.)

"THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE, ARTICLE 31, (and Tit. 10, United States Code, Sec.
1127) (within words in parenthesis if statement is taken in connection with the orderly investigation)
The Fifth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. (Obtain waiver before taking sworn statement
statement is a civilian) (Note) HAVE BEEN READ AND EXPLAINED TO ME BY
I UNDERSTAND THAT I DO NOT HAVE TO MAKE ANY STATEMENT WHATSOEVER AND ANY STATEMENT I
MAKE MAY BE USED AS EVIDENCE AGAINST ME.

On the 23 of Jan 1965, The MP radio operator Pvt #412, SPA Davis, John F.
Ritchie and Pvt #12 War Sgt Robert T. NG 26258162, Sgt John Balkcom, Sgt to assist
at Brde Base. We arrived at Jopintation aloft 2105 hrs, pulling in and sweeping the area
with our three lamp, searchlight. The approx 160 yds, and started to turn the time back to
Brdenburgh, when about 2 miles from base, we noticed a bright light in the sky of the
east. We were unable to pin point the exact location of the light. We continued to the
units and got out of the jeep. We got the
time back to the base.

(Signature of person making statement)                                Page 1 of 3 pages

DA FORM 19-24


- page 67 -

Here is the text from the document:

Submarine Only
Special Project

Rocky Hill, Connecticut
20 January 1965

January 20, 1965 -- Rocky Hill, Connecticut--Ten year old Roger
Burgess at 5:30 P.M. saw a round-shaped white object, placed in black,
and about four feet in diameter with one window in the center that made
a whistling sound overhead above his house and reported it to parents,
who notified authorities. SOURCE: Hartford Courant, Connecticut.


- page 68 -

24 - 31 JANUARY 1965 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                    OBSERVER                 EVALUATION

24-28   Alaskan Flap                Mil & Civ Air Vis       Aircraft
        Eielson, Anchorage,          Mil Vis & RADAR         Balloon
        NE Cape, Umalakleet,          Mil & Civ              Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
        Cape Romanzoff, AAC,                                 Satellites
        Air Vis NE of Anchorage,                             Insufficient Data
        Fairbanks, Lisburn, Cape                             Mil & Civ Other (FOSS SEARCHLIGHT)
        Newenham, Indian Mountain                            Rpts misinterpretation of various
                                                             conventional objects/phenomena)

25      Ft Yukon                                             Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
25      Bedford, Virginia                                    Aircraft
25      Miami, Florida                                       Other (GROUNDLIGHTS)
25&26   Bolar, Virginia                                      Aircraft
25-Feb  Moneta, Virginia                                     Other (GROUNDLIGHTS)

27      Dayton, Ohio                 (Mil-Rpts Pm)           1. Balloon
27      Plum Tree Island, Virginia                           2. Aircraft
27      Eva Beach, Hawaii (Oahu)                             Aircraft
27-28   Altavista, Virginia                                  Astro (METEOR)
27      Hampton, Virginia                                    Aircraft
30      Mecca, California                                    Balloon
30      La Selva Beach, California   (PHOTOS)                Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
30      Newport News, Virginia                               Other (LIGHTS ON BOAT)
30      Seward, Pennsylvania                                 Astro (METEOR)
30      Hinton, Oklahoma                                     Other (BIRDS)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                    SOURCE                   EVALUATION

24      Concord, New Hampshire       Newsclipping
25      Marion, Virginia             Newsclipping
25      Fredericksburg, Virginia     Newsclipping
25      Washington, D. C.            Newsclipping
29      Augusta County, Virginia     Newsclipping
30      Monterey, California         Newsclipping
31      Rome, Italy                  (Ltr.)*


- page 69 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top paragraph, partially legible]
"... a object surrounded in light, it appeared to have a oval shaped. The light was over there. We watched the light come in few times at the same level and the MP to run again. At that time I include the MP Station for the Patrol Sergeant..."

[Affidavit Form]
"I, [name partially illegible]
HAVE HAD READ TO ME (have read) THIS STATEMENT WHICH BEGINS ON PAGE ONE (1) AND ENDS ON PAGE ____, I FULLY UNDERSTAND THE CONTENTS OF THE ENTIRE STATEMENT MADE BY ME, THE STATEMENT IS TRUE. I HAVE INITIALED ALL CORRECTIONS AND HAVE INITIALED THE BOTTOM OF EACH PAGE CONTAINING STATEMENT MATTER. THIS STATEMENT HAS BEEN MADE BY ME FREELY WITHOUT HOPE OF BENEFIT OR REWARD, WITHOUT THREAT OF PUNISHMENT, AND WITHOUT COERCION, UNLAWFUL INFLUENCE, OR UNLAWFUL INDUCEMENT."

[Bottom of document contains legal text about Uniform Code of Military Justice, Articles 31 and 10, with details about rights of individuals in military proceedings]

The signature and some specific details are partially illegible.


- page 70 -

Page 3 of 3 Ranger
We watch the slight circling in
a electronic matter and ascend upward
in a spiral motion. The light remains
circling the same area it appeared in.
Circling, the area and going up. The
distance of the light was between us
to its position we were at it is assume
to the circling our Range estimated at
1500 to 2000 mtr. Estimated height at time
that seem to 40°- 50° from horizon, observed
from 2105- 2135 hr by My Clear MP
Duty Officer and Major G.E. Paul Shank
vmd 12 Sgt Davis + Sgt Hamilton.

END of Statement


- page 71 -

