1. DATE - TIME GROUP
25 July 65 23/3352

2. LOCATION
Bloomsburg, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Four minutes (4)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Round shiny object observed at 27 deg elevation in west. Disappeared in a high vertical ascent. Nothing observed of other characteristics. Bright reflection, sighting at dusk. No small craft were involved. Reported by Donald W. Todd of Binghamton, N. Y. Flight included descent. Initial impression was that object was a star. Sighting two miles from airport in Binghamton area.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary - Untraversed

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

12. COMMENTS: Description still to multiple points reflecting. Probably object was a balloon. Our view took initial view with the two items as was taped and forwarded. The sighting appeared in local news media. Forwarded to Sherrod AFB as per instruction. Possibly balloon or satellite, but c/o or balloon probably cause of sighting. Balloon last sighted.

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.

See Also: Tape 7 37145-3357


- page 1 -

Text to Unidentified Flying Object
Report Format # 2
Bloomingburg, 25 July, 1965

V. Location of the Observer(s)
(a) ------

VI. Identifying Information of all observer(s)
(a) [Name redacted], age 13, Bloomingburg, N.Y.

VII. Weather and winds aloft conditions at the time and place of sighting
(a) The sky was clear, with scattered cloud cover


- page 2 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page with some faint markings, including a small oval shape and a "V" or checkmark-like symbol in the top right corner. The page is grayscale and looks like an old scanned document.


- page 3 -

Text found on the page:

37

81

OWL

The text appears to be handwritten and somewhat faint. There are also some lines and markings on the page, but no other clear text is legible.


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

Report Form

(1) Description of the object(s)
    (a) Shape
    (b) Size compared to a known object (use one o the following terms: hand of a plane, railroad, yellow, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, basketball) hold at arm's length.
    (c) Color
    (d) Height
    (e) Formation, if none use N/A
    (f) Any distinguishable features or details
    (g) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of area compared to size of object(s)

(2) Path and course of the object(s)
    (a) Was flight curved, straight, hovering, or erratic
    (b) Angle of elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first seen
    (c) Angle of altitude and azimuth of the object(s) when last seen
    (d) Distinct, non-flying, path marked changes on the object(s)
    (e) Manner of disappearance of the object(s)
    (f) Length of time in sight

(3) Manner of observation
    (a) Just one sky of the following: combination ground, visual ground, electronic/air visual, air visual (if radar employed)
    (b) Aids used to observe (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth)
    (c) If sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station

(4) Time and use of the sighting
    (a) Time observation was made (local time)
    (b) Date of sighting
    (c) Light conditions (use one of the following terms): night, day, dawn, dusk

(5) Location of the observer(s)
    (a) Lat. latitude and longitude position of each observer, position of object, with some landmarks

(6) Identifying information of all observers
    (a) Civilian, name, age, military, occupation
    (b) Military, rank, grade, organization, city, and estimate of reliability

(7) Weather and local conditions at place of the sighting
    (a) Weather conditions
    (b) Velocity in the best wind at surface, 5,000', 10,000', 15,000'
    (c) Visibility, 10 miles, 20 miles, if available


- page 5 -

Text to Unidentified Flying Object
Report Format #1
Bloomingburg, 25 July, 1965

I. Description of the object(s)
(a) Round
(b) The size of a baseball (possibly larger) at arm's length.
(c) Silver
(d) One
(e) -----
(f) No
(g) No
(h) No
(i) The object appeared to be reflecting sunlight.

II. Description and course of the object(s)
(a) Casual glance
(b) 37 degrees and due North ( R.V. estimate)
(c) Vertical ascend
(d) See Comments
(e) High vertical ascent
(f) Particular witness did not mention

III. Manner of Observation
(a) Ground visual
(b) No optical aids
(c) -------

IV. Time and Date of sighting
(a) Time 6:55 p.m.
(b) 25 July, 1965
(c) Dusk


- page 6 -

Text to Unidentified Flying Object
Report Format #1
Bloomingburg, 25 July, 1965

V. Location of the Observer(s)
(a) --------

VI. Identifying Information of all observers
(a) [Redacted], age 11, Residence Bloomingburg, N.Y.


- page 7 -

The image appears to be a very faint, low-contrast document page with almost no legible text. There is an oval shape near the top left of the page and a curved line near the bottom right, but the text is too illegible to read.


- page 8 -

Soaring space saucer sighted
by swimmers scanning sunny sky

BLOOMINGBURG
The first flying saucer of the tourist season was
sighted Sunday hovering over Bloomingburg's Sunshine House.

Judith Shaver, 13, and Nancy Morrow, 11, were
swimming in the hotel's pool around 1 p.m. when
the soaring space plate was spotted.

"I looked at the sky and saw a big bright thing,"
Nancy said. "I called Judy and she said, "Oh,
look! It's the first star!"

However, Nancy said, she told Judy the object
was moving too fast for it to be a celestial body.
Zigzags toward earth

The very bright, unidentified flying object zigzagged in a decline toward the earth, both girls
said. Suddenly, the strange vessel stopped spiraling and went spinning off into space.

Afterwards, the girls said, they did not report
the incident, because they did not want anyone
would believe them.

When Judith finally told her mother, Mrs. Glenford Shaver, her mother answered, "Oh, sure! You
saw 10 of them."

However, a strange incident had occurred, adding credulity to the girls' story.

While Judith and Nancy stood in the swimming
pool and watched the weird craft, an unnamed
woman driving along Bloomingburg's Main Street
also saw the object.

The women reported the incident to Fred Goll,
owner of Sunshine House, who corroborated her

story with that of the girls.

According to the anonymous woman's testimony,
the vessel was "flying, and looked like a tire or
disk."

Goll admitted he had not personally seen the
parachuting platter, nor had about 14 guests
who were playing miniature golf at the time the
craft made its descent.

However, Goll said, a fourth person also had
been spectator to the event.

A spokesman at Wurtsboro Airport said the airfield had a few "ship" planes, but certainly none
that are disk-shaped.

Anthony Barone, owner of the airport, offered
one solution by saying the "object" could have
been the sun's reflection of an airplane during
take-off. But he could not be sure.

The airman excluded the take-off pattern at the
airfield and said most planes would fly over
Bloomingburg which is two miles from the field.

Would have been seen

He also said one of his pilots probably would
have seen the vessel, if there had been one.

An official at Stewart Air Force Base in Newburgh declined comment, but advised checking the
base's information office today. The official said
that whatever the girls had seen had probably not
come from the air base.

The National Aeronautics Space Agency (NASA)
could not be reached for comment.


- page 9 -

Unidentified Flying Object

Report Format

(1) Description of the object(s)
    (a) Size
    (b) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: head of a pin, pencil, missile, walnut, dollar, dime, etc.)
    (c) Color
    (d) Shape
    (e) Number, if more than one
    (f) Any discernible features or details
    (g) Tail, trail or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object
    (h) Sound heard, describe sound
    (i) Other pertinent data or observations

(4) Description and course of the object(s)
    (a) As first cited the position of the observer(s) to the object(s)
    (b) Angle of elevation and direction of the object(s) when first seen
    (c) Angle of altitude and azimuth of the object(s) when last seen
    (d) Elevation of flight path and maneuver of the object(s)
    (e) Number of objects
    (f) Length of time in sight

(5) Means of observation
    (a) Use one or any of the following: In combination/Ground visual, ground
    air, ground-air visual, air electronic, (if electronically tape
    of radio, echo)
    (b) State method of physical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth)
    (c) Conditions of observation
    (d) If sighting while airborne, give type of aircraft, altitude, position, date, altitude, heading, speed, and time station

(4) Time and date of the sighting
    (a) Time observation was made (local time)
    (b) Date of sighting
    (c) Duration, continuing (use one of the following terms): Inst, sec, min, hr, dark, etc.

(5) Location of the observer(s)
    (a) Precise latitude and longitude position of each observer or position
    of object with known landmarks

(6) Briefing information of all observers
    (a) Name, address, occupation, age, film industry, occupation
    (b) Civilian, military (AF, SP, FAA, NASA, duty, and reliability of observer)
    (c) Weather and wind conditions at the site and place of the sighting
    (d) Apparent wind direction and speed
    (e) Visibility in degrees, 5 or 10 miles, weather conditions, clear, light, haze, etc.
    (f) Ground fog, 50-100 ft, 100-500 ft, etc.

(7) (Remainder of text is cut off or illegible)


- page 10 -

AUDIO-TAPE
July 25, 1965
Potsdam 6 way, N.Y.
Ob
FILE #100366
IN CUSTODY OF AUDIO-VISUAL DIVISION


- page 11 -

Bloomingsburg, NY

includes tape in separate

folder


- page 12 -

UFOB

Request for UFO Information,

Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs. Hunt)
Case D C 20330

Reference the attached letter from Mr. [redacted] requesting information on unidentified flying objects.
The sighting of Bloomingburg, New York on the afternoon of 25 July is regarded as no aircraft observation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF   1 Atch
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems   Ltr


- page 13 -

HEADQUARTERS
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE AND 4300 ABN AIR BASE GROUP (ADC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK 12534

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 4603010

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects Reports                                   5 August 1965

TO: Colonel Eric de Jonckheere
     Foreign Technology Division
     Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Reference is made to your letter, same subject, dated 7 Oct 64,
addressed to 1713 Defense Systems Evaluation Squadron.

2. During the past year [redacted] has organized a "Tri-County Filter
Center" to which all UFO sightings in his area are carefully checked,
personally investigates the sightings and those for which he can offer no
explanation are referred to Stewart AFB.

3. Attached is his latest "investigation" which, as per suggested in
para 5 of above referenced letter, we are submitting to your office.

[Signature]
DONALD L. WIELAND
1st L., USAF
Information Officer

[Stamp: UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS]


- page 14 -

Sir;

Enclosed please find the recording tape involving the Unidentified Flying Object incident at Bloomingburg, N.Y.

I feel that it is reasonably accurate, and I sincerely hope that it will be of some value for what it is worth.

Several rather obscure, perhaps, items are as follows:
Nancy Morrow stated that she related the incident to Mr. [redacted] shortly afterwards, while the paper (Middletown Record) quotes her as stating that the older girl [redacted] was the first to relate the incident.

The girls said that they believed that the object was a "Flying Saucer". I know that they were perhaps a bit foresighted, but since the Air Force classifies UFO's as simply Unknowns, I didn't want to disillusion them.

But I can assure you sir, these two girls are purely innocent of any hoax. They're both two sweet kids, without any mischievous intentions.

As stated in my conclusions of the tape, should the Air Force send out an investigator, I believe he should ask about the cloud cover that [redacted] mentioned in her report. If it had been near the object it might have been a big influence on any conclusions.

I hereby turn all rights of the tape to the United States Air Force to do as they wish with it.

I also hope the Air Force will contact me on any issue stated on the tape that is puzzling to them. Also on any other relative issue.

Sincerely
[signature/name redacted]


- page 15 -

Enclosed please find the recording tape involving the Unidentified Flying Object incident at Bloomingburg, N.Y.

I feel that it is reasonably accurate, and I sincerely hope that it will be of some value for what it is worth.

Several rather obscure, perhaps, items are as follows:

[Redacted] shortly afterwards, while the paper (Middletown Record) quotes her as stating that the older girl [Redacted] was the first to relate the incident.

The girls said that they believed that the object was a 'Flying Saucer'. I know that they were perhaps a bit foresighted, but since the Air Force classifies UFO's as simply Unknowns, I didn't want to disillusion them.

But I can assure you sir, these two girls are purely innocent of any hoax. They're both two sweet kids, without any mischievous intentions.

As stated in my conclusions of the tape, should the Air Force send out an investigator, I believe he should ask about the cloud cover that [Redacted] mentioned in her report. If it had been near the object it might have been a big influence on any conclusions.

I hereby turn all rights of the tape to the United States Air Force to do as they wish with it.

I also hope the the Air Force will contact me on any issue stated on the tape that is puzzling to them. Also on any other relative issue.

Sincerely,

[Redacted]
Postordale, N.Y.
Phone: [Redacted]


- page 16 -

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

Unidentified Flying Object
Report Format

(1) Description of the object(s)
(a) Size
(b) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: Head of a pin, pending nickel, quarter, half-dollar, dime, baseball, grapefruit, basketball) held at arm's length.
(c) Color
(d) Shape
(e) Formation, if more than one
(f) Any additional features or details
(g) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s)
(h) Sound, briefly describe
(i) Other pertinent remarks

(2) Duration and course of the object(s)
(a) At first called the direction of the observer(s) to the object(s)
(b) Angle of elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first seen
(c) Angle of altitude and direction of the object(s) when last seen
(d) Apparent motion of flight, path and course of the object(s)
(e) Angle of disappearance of the object(s)
(f) Length of time in sight

(3) Means of Observation
(a) List one or more of the following in combination: instrument, visual, ground electronic, air visual, air electronic, (if radar employed)
(b) State any aids used, optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) and description thereof
(c) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, altitude, speed, and direction number, distance, reading, speed, and lane section

(4) Weather conditions at the sighting
(a) Giving observation was made (local time)
(b) State of sky
(c) Light conditions, (use one of the following terms) bright, day, dusk, dark

(5) Location of the observer(s)
(a) State, county, and longitude position of each observer or position of object, with landmarks

(6) Personal information of all observers
(a) Individual information, age, calling, education, occupation
(b) Military status, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability

(7) Weather and wind velocity conditions at time and place of the sighting
(a) Wind direction, speed, source of information
(b) Visibility, in miles or kilometers, ceiling, cloud type, ground wind, 10,000', 20,000', 30,000', 35,000', if available


- page 17 -

Text to Unidentified Flying Object

Report Format # 2
Bloomingburg, 25 July, 1965

I. Description of the object(s)
(a) Round
(b) Size of a baseball
(c) Silvery
(d) One
(e) ------
(f) No
(g) No
(h) No
(i) The object reportedly spun or rotated at high speed.

II. Description and course of the object(s)
(a) Companions remarks
(b) 37 degrees and due north ( R.V. estimate)
(c) Vertical ascent
(d) See Comments
(e) High acceleration ascent
(f) 50 seconds

III. Manner of Observation
(a) Ground, visual
(b) None

IV. Time and Date of Sighting
(a) 5:55 p.m.
(b) 25 July, 1965
(c) Dusk


- page 18 -

