There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports from the US Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Transcribing the text from the image:

PROJECT 16073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 12 December 65 13/000Z 
2. LOCATION: Lansing, Michigan
3. IDENTIFICATION: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (GX)
7. COURSE: Observers watched a whitish-yellow fireball type object that flew in a unusual, erratic manner. It was very bright and then grew dim and disappeared but later reappeared. Description of the object is that of an aircraft observation. Observation after sunset but twilight still visible.
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

PTD (TDEW)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
AFB, OHIO - 45433
30 JUNE 1966

Dear [redacted],

REFERENCE your unidentified observation which you reported on an PTD Form 154 on 27 June 1966. Unfortunately the first two pages of the form were missing. Therefore, we would appreciate your accomplishing the attached PTD Form 154 and return it in the envelop provided. Your assistance in this matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
Special Files Room

- page 2 -

The image contains a photograph of a hand-drawn sketch depicting an unidentified object in the sky. The sketch shows the object as it was observed, with some text describing its features. There is no human face visible in the image.

TEXT OUTPUT:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
Yes. It was going upward, then it suddenly disappeared. It happened in a minute.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes NO Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes NO Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape Irregular, elongated
b. Color White object was a glittering white color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The head of the match would have covered about 1/2 of the object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 3 -

This document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or report form related to the investigation of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Telescope Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. Binoculars (Yes) No
f. Telescope (Yes) No
g. Satellite (Yes) No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: A PELLLETED GLIMMERING OVAL RISING OFF THE GROUND SHOWING DIRECTIONAL LIGHTS AND MAKING A FAINT WHIRRING NOISE

- page 4 -

The image contains a compass diagram and instructions for sketching the path of an observed object. There is no photograph present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a scanned UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No.

31.1 If so, answer YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
LANSING MICH.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted], Lansing, Mich.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 12
SEX: MALE

I have gotten details, from the National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena, of a similar object that was seen in this area. She also keeps records of all of the sightings and the statistics on UFO's. I also keep records of all of the sightings that I have investigated.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
April 9, 1965, Washington, D.C. 20330

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a text field for additional information about the sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 DAY JUNE 1946 YEAR

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting. I watched the object 20 minutes.

- page 7 -

The image does not appear to contain any photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OSCD (THEW) 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
24 June 1966

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Reference your unidentified observation which you reported to the information was insufficient in your letter of 7 April 1966. The
information you complete the attached UFO form 164 and return then in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

/s/ HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
24 JUNE 1965

Lansing, Michigan 48910

Reference your unidentified observation which you described in your letter of 7 Apr 65. The information was insufficient for evaluation. We require additional data before we can make a determination and return them in the envelope provided. 

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Project Blue Book Information Office
14410 S. D-49-4030D
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:
John Werge and I saw what I thought was a strange flying object on April 7, 1959. We watched it for some time and it was quite different from any aircraft we had ever seen before. It seemed to be moving along very rapidly, making no sound at all, and had a different shape from any plane or jet we had seen. It had a peculiar glowing light and seemed to change shape or color once or twice. I can't believe it was an airplane, as it was making no noise whatsoever and was moving too swiftly for any known aircraft. My friend thought it was a satellite or some strange new type of rocket, but I don't think that could be the case either. It was much too low and too bright. We watched it for quite some time, and it was a definite object, not a star or any other celestial body.
I was quite puzzled as to what it could be. I would be interested in any information you might have concerning this sighting. I haven't reported it to anyone else, as I didn't know if it was worth bothering about. But if it was something unusual, I think it should be looked into. If you think it was an ordinary occurrence, let me know that too. I would be glad to hear from you.
Yours Truly,
[name and address redacted]
Lansing, Michigan 48910

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which contains a questionnaire filled out by an observer who reported seeing an unidentified aerial object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We regard this personal information as confidential.

1. When did you see the object?  12  Dec  1965
2. Time of day: 4:20  (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern  (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving  b. Central  b. Standard  c. Mountain  d. Pacific  e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Lansing, Michigan
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 - 20  Minutes  Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Best guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DARK  NIGHT: a. Clear  b. Partly Cloudy  c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you  b. In back of you  c. To your left  d. To your right  e. Overhead  f. Don't remember

- page 11 -

This image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular page, which seems to contain a questionnaire or form for an observer to fill out about their UFO sighting.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[No response entered]

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly appear and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Move slowly? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

ABOUT 5 MINUTES IT DISAPPEARED FOR ABOUT 2-3 MINUTES, THEN IT REAPPEARED
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Hum
b. Color: Reddish-white
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pen's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? About 2 or 3 of the object would have been covered.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially without trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 13 -

Unfortunately, this page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or form with various multiple-choice and short answer questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Where you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? (Circle One) miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) 
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. Binoculars Yes (No) 
f. Telescope Yes (No) 
g. Theodolite Yes (No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
It appeared to be a metallic silver disk-shaped object; it seemed to be flashing bright lights like a searchlight, but they weren't rotating just flashing; it moved at a steady pace with no erratic motions; it faded from view after about 2-3 minutes.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a diagram and text. The diagram appears to be an illustration showing how to estimate the height and position of an observed object relative to the horizon. The text describes instructions and questions related to the diagram, but does not mention any specific photographs.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses: [Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted], Lansing, Michigan
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 12
SEX: Male

I have a number of interests and hobbies with respect to aerial phenomena, the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, the American Rocket Society, and the U.S. Air Force.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? I reported it to: Day Month Year 1-- 20 12 30

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a typed document or form. 

The text in the document reads as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnarie: 10 July 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire is a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Had an 80 power telescope and could see it, it was so far away that we could not make out any more details of the object than when we first saw it. The object finally got so far away that we couldn't see it.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter addressed to someone in Lansing, Michigan.

Text in the document:

PFD (TDEH) 
T/SGT PATRICK J. BRENNAN AFB, OHIO 45433 
PE IND 1256

Lansing, Michigan 489IO

Dear Sir:

Reference your unidentified observation which you reported on an FTD Form 154 on 27 June 1956. Unfortunately the first two pages of the form were missing. Therefore, we would appreciate your recompLeting the attached FTD Form 154 and return it in the envelop provided. Your patience in this matter is appreciated.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 18 -

