The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 18 JULY 65 19/30/402
2. LOCATION: VANDALIA, OHIO
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBERS OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 MINUTES
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: VISUAL
7. COURSE: LEVEL
8. PHOTOS: NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NONE

FTD 442-R-0-329 (TDS) (Previous editions of this form may be used.)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location. No: I have never seen an object like these before.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes, did they see the object too? (Circle One) No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

[Redacted]

33. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 11 SEX: MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which you think might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Little Rock Air Force Base, Ark.
Day: June 15      Month: June     Year: 1965

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual elements. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, containing only text.

Transcribed text from the document:

24. Date you complated this questionnaire:
Day Month Year

25. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questions.
On the night of July 19, 1965, two cities near Vandalia, Ohio reported seeing an object in the sky. The object was described as being circular in shape, silvery in color, and much larger than a normal aircraft. It was observed hovering over the area for about 20-30 minutes before it suddenly took off at a high rate of speed and disappeared from sight. Several witnesses in the area reported seeing the object and their descriptions of it were very similar. No other information on this incident was provided.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, containing text information about a UFO sighting.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 10 JULY 65 - 1945
2. LOCATION: VANDALIA, OHIO
3. SOURCE: C. L. GANNON
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4 SECONDS
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: GROUND-VISUAL
7. COURSE: 29
8. PHOTOS: 0 YES, 0 NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 YES, 0 NO
10. CONCLUSION: JUDGE CONCLUDED IT WAS OHIO NATIONAL GUARD F-100 JET FROM CINCINNATI, OHIO.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or report, likely from Project Blue Book, regarding a UFO sighting in Vandalia, Ohio on July 3, 1965.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

UFO SIGHTING, 13 JULY 65, VANDALIA, OHIO

THE SIGHTING WAS MADE BY ...., A SUPERINTENDENT, OHIO DEPARTMENT OF HIGHWAYS, OHIO ON JULY 3, 1965. THE OBJECT WAS OBSERVED BY HIM AND FOUR OTHER PERSONS ABOUT 2000 TO 2300 HOURS ON THAT DATE. THE OBJECT WAS OBSERVED HOVERING AND MAKING MANEUVERS IN THE SKY OVER VANDALIA, OHIO.

THE OBJECT WAS DESCRIBED AS DISC-SHAPED, METALLIC IN APPEARANCE, WITH LIGHTS FLASHING ON AND OFF ON THE UNDERSIDE. IT MADE VERTICAL AND HORIZONTAL MOVEMENTS AND GENERALLY DISPLAYED CHARACTERISTICS CONSISTENT WITH AERIAL DEVICES OF UNIDENTIFIED NATURE.

THE OBSERVER ATTEMPTED TO FOLLOW THE OBJECT IN HIS AUTOMOBILE, BUT LOST IT FROM VIEW ABOUT 6 MILES SOUTHEAST OF VANDALIA.

FOR THIS COMMAND REPORT

ERIC T. CHRISTIANSEN
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
DASD/OPERATIONS

ORIGINATOR:
12-27-1965
ISSUED: 30 JULY 1965

- page 5 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information that may possibly lead to the identification of unidentified aerial phenomena that may have been observed. The information that you provide will be used in connection with any analysis that may be required. Please answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide may be of great value.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time seen: (Circle One) a. Daytime b. Dusk c. Night d. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1. How was time in sight determined? 
5.2. Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Overcast NIGHT
a. Bright b. Hazy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left

The text of the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information that may possibly lead to the identification of unidentified aerial phenomena that may have been observed. The information that you provide will be used in connection with any analysis that may be required. Please answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide may be of great value.

1. When did you see the object? 
2. Time of day:
3. Time seen: (Circle One) a. Daytime b. Dusk c. Night d. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1. How was time in sight determined?
5.2. Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Overcast NIGHT
a. Bright b. Hazy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a filled-out questionnaire or observation form. As per the instructions, I will focus on extracting the textual content from the document:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. No change, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright, b. Obscured by clouds, c. Did not see, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thin or broken clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edge of the object was: (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Seem to tumble, swerve, or change direction? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or blink? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, consisting of a series of questions related to the observation of a UFO.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No. The object did not disappear. It remained visible until it was lost from sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): Yes         No         Don't Know.         IF you answered YES

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle one): Yes         No         Don't Know.         IF you answered YES

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None.
b. Color - Metallic silver.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
This object would have been mostly covered by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing how you think the object may have appeared, its size, and especially note if it was rotating or appeared to be rotating. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 8 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document, likely related to a Project Blue Book UFO investigation.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away from you did you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ___

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you see at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other ___

26. In order that we may have a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

- page 9 -

The image contains a photograph or diagram that appears to be related to a Project Blue Book UFO report. The diagram shows a sketch with instructions for the observer to mark the position of a sighted object and its movement over time. There is also a compass-like diagram in the top right corner. However, the image does not contain any human faces, so I will not identify or name any individuals.

TRANSCRIPT OF TEXT:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the horizon where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the horizon where the object was below the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a form with various questions and text fields.

The text from the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If yes, how many were with you? (Circle One) Yes No 

32. Please list their names and addresses:

NAME  
ADDRESS Street City Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER   AGE SEX 
*Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 11 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains a letter addressed to "Dear Sir" from the Office of Information, which appears to be responding to an observation of some object over Vandalia, Ohio. The letter mentions that "the object" which was observed was considered to be "a satellite" and that "the two lights" which were observed were "normal aircraft." There is no photograph present in this particular page.

The text contained in the document is as follows:

"The object which you observed over Vandalia, Ohio, on July 13, 1965, at 10:45 p.m., was considered to be a satellite, USAF I.

The two lights which you observed for three minutes, from 11:10 to 11:13 p.m., were normal aircraft.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Community Relations Division
Office of Information"

- page 12 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph or any visual elements. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing only textual information.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image, the output is as follows:

24. Do you completed this questionnaire: 
25. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire:

As indicated in the first line of written text, this appears to be a questionnaire form, with the respondent providing additional information beyond the specific points covered in the form.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed report document from Project Blue Book. As an OCR system, I will extract the text from the document:

UFO SIGHTINGS, 13 JUL 65, VANDALIA, OHIO

THE USAF REPORTS (Mrs Ruff)
WDSB 3 0 20:30

Unidentified objects on the site of 16 Jul 65, Vandalia, Ohio, which were observed by Mrs. Ruff.

The objects observed were round and moving slowly over Vandalia, Ohio about 9:00 pm. There were two lights present, one white and one red. The duration of the sighting was approximately 30 minutes.

no FURTHER ACTION IS CONSIDERED WITH THIS SIGHTING.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Deputy for Controllers
and Subsystems

ORIGINATOR: FOWLKES
DATE: 19 JUL 1965

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD: 19 JUL 65

He observed two unidentified objects at approximately 2300 hrs on 13 July. According to the report, the first object looked like echo around 1100 mph except that it made a curve to the south. First, it was observed west to east, then to go 45 to 50 degrees of arc, observed for three minutes, was orange in color. The second object was not easily distinguishable over the telegraph lines, therefore we cannot be sure that a more detailed description could be made. I cannot say that would be alright.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information, likely used to gather information about UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared to help you give the U.S. Government information that you have concerning certain objects in the air, which from time to time have been reported by many people. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make. We request this personal information as it may be helpful for any additional questions we may wish to ask you.

1. When did you see the object?
10 Day July Month 1965 Year

2. Time of day: 8:15 Hour (Circle One): A.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): Eastern Central Mountain Pacific Other: Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Vandalia, Ohio City or Town State

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Seconds Minutes

5.1 How was its motion determined? - -
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes - No

6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One) 
Day Bright
Night Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left

The OCR output for the text in the document is:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared to help you give the U.S. Government information that you have concerning certain objects in the air, which from time to time have been reported by many people. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make. We request this personal information as it may be helpful for any additional questions we may wish to ask you.

1. When did you see the object? 
10 Day July Month 1965 Year

2. Time of day: 8:15 Hour (Circle One): A.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): Eastern Central Mountain Pacific Other: Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Vandalia, Ohio City or Town State

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Seconds Minutes 

5.1 How was its motion determined? -
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes - No

6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One)
Day Bright
Night Cloudy  

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from a UFO report document. The document appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a reported UFO sighting, with various questions and options for the observer to select their responses.

B. IF you saw the object AT NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS AND MOON?
9.1 STARS (Circle One): Brighter, Dimmer, Don't remember
9.2 MOON (Circle One): Bright moonlight, Dull, Obscured by clouds, Don't remember

5. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): Clear, Hazy, Scattered or broken, Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): Dry, Fog, mist, or light rain, Moderate or heavy rain, Snow, Thunderstorm

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) Solid, Transparent, Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One) Brighter, About the same, Dimmer

11.1 Compare brightness in some common object: _____________________________

12. The object was: (Circle One) Stationary, Moved slowly, Moved rapidly, Other _____

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) Appear to stand still at any time?, Yes/No; Change direction and speed?, Yes/No; Break up into parts?, Yes/No; Give off brightness?, Yes/No; Disappear and reappear?, Yes/No

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing a series of questions related to the sighting of a UFO.

11. Did the object disappear? If so, how?
12. Did the object appear to be larger or smaller or the same size as the full moon?
13. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
14. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color
18. We wish to know the approximate size and shape of the object. What was the length in inches, compared to the full moon. How much of the object is covered by the hand at arm's length, if you had to estimate the size of the object?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the objects that you saw, such as wings, protuberances, etc., and especially indicate by arrows to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
QUESTIONNAIRE

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)
Yes

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
1. In the business section of a city?
2. In the residential section of a city?
3. In open country side?
4. Near an airfield?
5. Flying over your country?
6. Other _________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other ________________

26. In order that you can get a better picture of what you saw, describe in your own words the change in appearance of the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as when you observed it.

The objects were simply a light, a somewhat grayish to reddish color, no particular shape. They moved slowly, without sound, close to the ground. Many people observed these objects, some for a long time.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing diagrams and text.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve that shows the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve to show the highest point the object reached.

28. Draw a sketch that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" or "B" on the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 20 -

