PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
16 August 65 17/04282

2. LOCATION
Trotwood, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
1. Satellite (ECHO II)    2. Astro (CAPELLA)
Sighting characteristic of an Astro Body report. CAPELLA in the position of the object.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One Each Time

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Bright, moonlight, night. Object as bright as the brightest star for 3/4 of duration and then got dimmer. Flashed and flickered. Erratic motion. Flight generally to the SE and rising in elevation. Initial report at 45 deg elevation climbing to 60 deg elevation in NE at time of report. Color red and green. Disappeared by going two objects behind or behind curtain. Clear of colors made it difficult to tell shape of object.
CAPELLA at 30 deg elevation 45 deg azimuth moving to 35 deg elevation 55 deg azimuth during the observation. Reported two objects during telephone conversation 1st object conformed with Satellite passage of ECHO II at 2240 Local.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 hr, 7 min

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual (TX)

7. COURSE
SE and Rising

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
XX No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
XX No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review
Nov-Dec 65

12 Aug 65
Pokey Dubs, England

Pokey Dubs, Penrith
It was about 2 a.m., the sky was
clear and the scene bright with moonlight when a member of the Royal Observer Corps saw what he
called a 'flying cigar' while he was
fishing the Eamont at Pokey Dubs.
According to the Cumberland Evening
News of August 12 (the date of the
sighting), the witness travelled within
over nearly trees towards the South
West, emitting an orange-coloured
flame or smoke at the rear. Mr. Bell
could hear no sound, but he did say
that the nearby railway line was busy.


- page 2 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review
Nov-Dec 65

13 Aug 65
Carlisle, England

Carlisle, Whitehaven,
Cockermouth:

Mr. D. W. Hutton relates in a
letter how he, and a large number of
spectators at the preseason trial
soccer match, Carlisle United v. Bury
on August 13, watched an unusual
sky object. The time was between
8:40 and 9:20 p.m. "It was a brilliant
white object," says Mr. Hutton,
"stationary at an elevation of about
50 feet and hanging in the sky" seen
in the South West." The next day
our correspondent was playing cricket
in West Cumberland, and was
surprised to find that the same object
was seen by many people in White-
haven and Cockermouth, and at the
same time in the evening. To then it
was almost overhead, and stationary.
"A remarkable plane bug filled
with remarkable people," he says,
thinking no doubt of the statement
about this incident made by a spokesman of St. Joseph's College Observatory, Dumfries.


- page 3 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Dec 65

Renton, Washington
13 Aug 65

LITTLE MEN SEEN IN WASHINGTON STATE: Two girls living in Renton, Washington told state police on August 13th that they had seen three non-human men, about five feet tall, who approached them from a bean field. The incident occurred in broad daylight, at about 7:30 a.m.

As the girls alighted from their car, their attention was drawn by the strange dress, white-domed heads, and protuding eyes of the individuals. The faces had no expression, the eyes were grey like stones, and the lower part of the faces appeared to be very tanned. The creatures wore purple armless V-necked jerseys with white shirts underneath.

The girls ran back fifty feet when the three beings, and when they looked back, all of them had disappeared. No saucer was seen in connection with this strange incident.


- page 4 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Dec 65

Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania
13 Aug 65

PENNSYLVANIA PILOT CHASES UFO: An interesting article dated August 13th tells of a veteran pilot who was flying from Kennedy International Airport to Hazleton, Pa. on a chartered flight, when he spotted a mysterious bright white light. His attention had already been called to the UFO by the control tower at Wilkes-Barre, Pa. The pilot, named Ray Hoffman, maneuvered his plane in such a way as to head straight toward the object. He was within about five miles of it when it veered toward one side and sped off toward the northeast at a speed estimated to be two or three times the 230 miles per hour that his small plane was traveling. Hoffman told newsmen that he was unable to close the gap between his plane and the object, which was out of sight within a few minutes.

He discounted the idea that it could have been any kind of reflection.

Hoffman is the owner and operator of the Shamokin Flying Service, at Shamokin, Pa. He has been flying since 1934, and is known to be a stable and reliable person.


- page 5 -

UFO SUMMARY REPORT

UFO Report - 8/13/65

WITNESSES: Mr. Lester R. Mitchell           Mr. Donald M. O'Leary
           59 Adams Street                  12 Merrimack Park
           Lynn, Mass.                      Lynn, Massachusetts
           Age: mid-twenties                Age: mid-twenties
           Occupation: Bakery worker        Occupation: Bakery worker

DATE:      13 August 1965                   TIME: 12:55 AM EDT
PLACE:     Nissen Baking Corporation, 116 Brookline Street, Lynn, Mass.

BACKGROUND:
News of the sighting and the names of the witnesses were given me by one of my brothers who is employed by Nissen Baking Corporation.

SIGHTING ACCOUNT:
Donald O'Leary was gazing at the sky through a large open window facing the northeast during a work-break. Suddenly a noiseless white globe of light with a reddish tinge appeared from over the building. He was in and near a building at the time. It moved slowly into the northeast from the northwest on a downward 45° trajectory. At first he thought it was a plane or helicopter but could not distinguish so he ran to get others to look at it. Lester Mitchell who arrived in the area shortly was also viewing it. It was approximately 1/2 mile away, slowly but had changed direction and was heading northwest on a low horizontal plane where it disappeared behind trees 1/2 mile away. It was seemingly headed toward 2 large power cable towers about a mile away.

The object was said to have the apparent size of a silver dollar at arm's length and was estimated to be 500 yards from the observer. Was first noticed by both witnesses to be near the corner of a square 1/4 the diameter of a hill mass. The brightness and sense of the object was compared to a full moon. Total observing time was about 2-3 minutes. Gliding filament in the daylight at arm's length. Both observed same thing. Noted before running for another witness. The weather was cloudy. One star was visible.

EVALUATION:
I feel that the apparent size of the object was probably exaggerated but nevertheless it must have seemed huge as compared with familiar lights. No engines were heard. It seemed slower than an airplane and was compared with a helicopter. Possibility of aircraft satellite "balloon" or meteor must be ruled out. This place is close to Hanscom Field, U.S. Air Force Base. The possibility of a weather balloon is also ruled out. This case is currently under investigation.

Respectfully submitted,
[Signature]
NICAP Investigator

*--Local transit 11:25 PM EDT J-4


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Self-luminous?
Dull or Brt?
Reflecting?
Transparent?

NO, STAYED HORIZONTAL UNTIL OUT OF SIGHT

Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? NO, STAYED HORIZONTAL UNTIL OUT OF SIGHT

Held at arm's length:
a. Nickel
b. Half dollar
c. Silver dollar

d. Orange
e. Grapefruit
f. Larger

CALLED TO MY ATTENTION BY DON O'LEARY
ON A BREAK AT WORK
PASSED BEHIND TREES

Helicopter
1 MILE

Please note on this hemisphere sketch:

DON O'LEARY

Brookline SC
HISSED

Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? NO

Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date), if available regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. We will return.

Were you interested or told not to reveal or discuss this incident? If so, were any reasons of official orders mentioned? Please elaborate.

N.A.

August 14, 1965

Signature: Leslie R. Mitchell


- page 7 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue N.W.
Washington 6, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

Place of Employment Nissen Baking Corp.
Occupation Bakery Worker

Date of Observation Aug 13 1965   Time 12:55 AM   FM EDT Time Zone
EAST Lynn (CAFE window)

How long did you see the object?   How 2   Minutes   Seconds

Weather conditions and the type of sky: bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc.
not visible STARS

Were there more than one object?   NO   If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating
direction of movement, if any.   NORTH

Please describe the object(s) in detail, for instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light, was it revolving,
etc.   WITH A LOW light bulb IN DAY LIGHT AT NEWS LENGTH

Manner of standing still at any time? YES
Suddenly appeared or rush away? y times?
Gross or angular shape?
Leave any visible trail?
Drop anything?
Change brightness?
Change shape?
Change color?   Bright WHITE GROW TREES

About 2 miles   Definitely? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc., if possible.
NONE TO SPEAK OF.

Was it (were they) through an office, instrument or other aid, windshield, windowpane, storm window, screening,
OPEN WINDOW?   NO   What kind?   How loud?

Fuzzy or blurred, but with a CURVED appearance


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Soft-ver now?
Dull light?
Reflecting?

45° angle

On, if color, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length:
a. Peanut
b. Pea
c. Dime

d. Nickel
e. Half dollar
f. Silver dollar

g. Orange
h. Grapefruit
i. Larger

How did you happen to notice the object(s)? WAS LOOKING OUT WINDOW
What were you doing at the time? ON A BREAK
How did the object(s) disappear from view? PASSED BEHIND TREES
Speed of SHELLCRAFT
Precise estimate of the distance of the object(s) 3500'S OF MILE

What was the elevation of the o___(?) in the sky? LESTER MCHALL
Please mark on this hemisphere sketch:

[A hand-drawn sketch of a trajectory is included]

Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? NO
Have you seen other objects of an unidentifiable nature? NONE

[Signature at bottom of page]
August 14, 1965 Signature: Donald M O'leary


- page 9 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

[Note: Much of the personal information is redacted/blacked out]

Place of Employment Nissens Bakery
Occupation Battery Worker
Education High School
Special Training High School
Military Service
Telephone
Date of Observation 12:55 A.M.   Time 12:55 AM   FM EDT Time Zone

Locality of Observation Ohio

How long did you see the object? 5 Minutes Seconds

Atmospheric weather conditions and the type of sky (i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc.) NOT Visible

Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you. Saw one Star

Were there more than one object? If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, if any.

Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, etc? Shape was Roundish Shape, if more info: Square or Roundish

Was the object similar to anything on the background of sky? YES

Did the object(s) Bulb in Daylight

[Additional sections partially filled out with notes like:]
- Reddish Tint
- Passed 1/2 to 1 Mile away
- Round-shaped


- page 10 -

cc. PROJECT BLUEBOOK

13 Friend Court
Wenham, Massachusetts

SUBJECT: UFO Reports
DATE: 7 September 1965
FROM: Raymond E. Fowler
       Chairman: NICAP Massachusetts Subcommittee
TO: NICAP

Enclosed are a number of UFO Reports investigated by the NICAP Massachusetts Investigating Subcommittee. Over 40 UFO Reports were received by this subcommittee between early July and mid-August. The majority of these reports were evaluated and found to be a local advertising plane, Echo I & II transits, aircraft seen under unusual lighting conditions and even a large kite carrying a red flare. Other reports were rejected because of insufficient data, witnesses refusing to cooperate and because of our limited resources to investigate reports at a great distance from us entailing travel. Out-of-state reports were completely ignored.

There were several good sightings during this period. Some reports have already been forwarded to NICAP, some are enclosed, and hopefully others will follow. A sample of the identified UFO reports are enclosed. Many of this type never reached the written stage as it would have been just a waste of time.

Respectfully submitted,
Raymond E. Fowler
NICAP Investigators

REF/ref


- page 11 -

Call from Trotwood, Ohio on 17 Aug 65.

On the night of 16 Aug 65 he observed unidentified object.
Observation was through a telescope with no detail, and was moving
fast in the West.

1st Object - 15 min - 1040pm straight
2nd object - 30 min - 1128pm second, up.

Kind of red and green but similar to a star, light and get dim.
Green in the middle,outside was red. four straight bars. Bars
looked like they stood still. Through the naked eye it looked
like a star, but through the telescope could see the bars and
lights. Sgt Moody said that Echo II was the first object.

Sgt Moody said that since the object in his second observation was
a little bit confusing would he please fill out an PTD Form 164.

Form 164 was sent to him on 17 Aug 65.

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page include:]
NOT DETAIL
TX = moving fast
15 MIN - 1040 PM STRAIGHT
30 MIN - 1128 PM. SECOND, UP.

LIGHT +GET DIM
GREEN - IN MIDDLE
RED - HAD 4 BARS

AUDIE JONES
18 W. TROTWOOD BLVD.
TROTWOOD, OHIO


- page 12 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review
Nov-Dec 65

14 Aug 65
Stranraer, Scotland

SCOTLAND
Stranraer shock

In the Dundee Courier and Advertiser of September 4, we read of the unnerving experience of Mr. Patrick Muir of Dundee Customs and Excise, and family. Late one evening in Stranraer at 2 a.m. (August 14-?) to await the first ferry boat, Mr. Muir "Quite suddenly a brilliant orange-red object appeared rather like a big saucer plate shaped only about 50 yards from the car. I was shocked. My husband and the children were to just as little off the ground, suspended low over the car, and landed about 20 yards away on the other side.

"The children were terrified, and my husband and I could hardly believe our eyes. We hardly had time to think before the object vanished as quickly as it had come."


- page 13 -

NO CASE (Information Only)
Source: UFO International, No 23, October 65

15 August 65
Canberra, Australia

Headline: Martians Watching Australia?

Text of article:
CANBERRA, Australia 'A mysterious glowing object hovering near Canberra Airport while the U.S. Mariner space probe was taking pictures of Mars has baffled experts in Canberra. Air traffic control officers and other expert aircraft observers said they spotted the object Thursday.

A members of the air traffic control tower crew said it hung suspended at about 5,000 feet for some minutes. When the sun glinted off it, it became clearly visible, and a force plane was sent out to identify it.

EXPERTS ARE now wondering if it was coincidence that the object Tidinhills tracking station was scheduled to pick up Mariner while it was photographing Mars. The station had difficulty in locking on to Mariner.

The sighting also came as Goldstone tracking station also received irregularities in messages while Mariner was photographing Mars.


- page 14 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review
Nov-Dec 65

15 Aug 65
Windmore Green, England

Windmore Green, Appleby near another mystery object was observed over Westmorland Pennines, not far from Brough, on August 15.

According to the Daily Express of August 16, and in other newspapers, I immediately appeared in the fact that some newspapers, unaccountably, one the Daily Express, curiously conservative, speaks of a strange "flashing beam in the sky just after midnight, which caused some sort of tension in a local fashion."

Once again we have a report from Jack Dawson, said Miss Katherine Chambers, who like her two friends who were also witnesses, his from Leeds. "I knew about the Loughrigg, Ambleside object, but the one we saw was definitely not saucer shaped ... We were out walking and my friends had been talking awhile when I heard a sharp making a most peculiar noise. My friends took little heed, but where we heard calls like moaning, we really took notice, for this had been reported before. My bed was directly under the window, and despite my curiosity overcoming their fear, they joined me."

The object was under observation on August 15. The sky was clear, and moonlit. The report continues: "As my eyes became accustomed to the light I could see a dark shape continuing to move. More frightened than ever, my friends went back to bed, but I continued to watch as the object seemed to move slowly backwards and forwards in the sky, and then changed from a horizontal to a vertical position, with the


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

15-20 Aug 65

NEW YORK 23, N.Y.
TELEPHONE
COLUMBUS 9-7400

Friday, November 11, 1966

Gentlemen:

I recently visited my son, his wife and their child in Englewood, Colorado. I had never met my daughter-in-law and found the visit particularly interesting because it gave me a chance to talk to her about the UFO sighting which she had more than a year ago. I have known about the sighting for some time but didn't have any first hand information about it before this time. She did not report it to anyone but friends and family.

Her name is Mrs. [redacted]
Englewood, Colorado.

The date of the sighting was between the 15th and 20th of August, 1965, on U.S. 85 between Platteville and Gilcrest, or the highway going from Denver north to Greeley, Colorado. She and her brother were in the car, she was driving and her brother, [redacted], 11 at the time of the sighting, was sitting next to her. It was about 9:30 P.M., the night was clear with the moon not full, in another part of the sky.

Joe saw the UFO first to the east, and it appeared suddenly, if then move toward it. It was one object, between 30 and 50 feet above the ground, and between 500 yards and 1 mile from their car. The object was golden yellow with a glow below it. The glow was not the color of the craft and 11 had no color and was not a shadow but a glow. The object seemed to have light of its own, not a reflection. It was about two as large as a full moon. It had points on the side which seemed to be projections rather than part of a rim. The object remained perfectly still. It was a very quiet night with no sound from wind or animals.

TWO BLOCKS FROM NEW COLISEUM
At the Gateway to Times Square


- page 16 -

When the called attention to it, she stopped the car and their watch it. The car was not affected. It was in their view about a minute and a half when they became frightened and drove away.

They never reported this sighting except to friends and family. Her brother, now 12 years old, is Brighton, Colorado. I had hoped to have an opportunity to talk to Joe also but was not able to...

said the object was beautiful. It did not move away from the area or disappear, but rather, Joe and left.

went to Brighton Junior High, St. Mary of Euphrasla High School from which she graduated, worked in Denver, Colorado before marriage. Her brother goes to school in Brighton.

Very truly yours,

reports the object was shaped something like this: [hand-drawn sketch of a UFO/flying saucer]

NEW YORK 23, N.Y.
TWO BLOCKS FROM NEW COLISEUM

AIR MAIL
Air Phenomena Branch
Wright Patterson Field
Dayton, Ohio


- page 17 -

17 - 24 AUGUST 1965 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

17      Dayton, Ohio               [redacted]                 Astro (ARCTURUS)
17      Ottawa, Illinois            [redacted]                Astro (METEOR)
17      Trenton, Ohio               [redacted]                Astro (CAPELLA)
17-30   Columbus, Ohio              [redacted]                Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
         Traverse City, Michigan                              1. Photo: NO IMAGE
         Alden, Platte Lake, Michigan                         2. Visual: Satellite
18      Summer, Washington          [redacted]                Other (GROUND LIGHTS)
19      Cherry Creek, New York      [redacted]                UNIDENTIFIED
19      Harrison, New York                                    Satellite (ECHO II)
19      Dayton, Ohio                [redacted]                Astro (CAPELLA)
19      Duluth, Minnesota           [redacted]                Satellite (ECHO II)
20      Elko, Nevada                [redacted]                Astro (METEOR)
20      Scranton, Pennsylvania      [redacted]                Aircraft w/Advertising
                                                              Lights
20      Plattsburgh AFB, New York   [redacted] (Military)     Aircraft
                                                              1. Aircraft
                                                              2. ECM
                                                              3. Satellite (ARCTURUS)
20      Pease AFB, New Hampshire    Gd Visual                 1. Aircraft
                                                              2. Satellite
                                                              3. Astro (ARCTURUS)
20      Amityville, New York        [redacted]                Aircraft
21      Cape Kennedy, Florida       [redacted]                Other (EMULSION FLAWS)
21      Island Park, New York       [redacted]                Other (GROUND LIGHTS)
21      Orting, Washington          [redacted]                Other (GROUND LIGHTS)
21      New Milford, Connecticut    [redacted]                Other (BIRDS)
21      Charles City, Iowa          [redacted]                Astro (ARCTURUS)
21      Laredo, Texas               [redacted]                Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
22      Lancaster, California       [redacted]                Aircraft
22      Sioux City, Iowa            [redacted]                Insufficient Data
22      Duluth, Minnesota           [redacted]                Satellite (ECHO II)
23      Bogota, Columbia            [redacted]                Astro (JUPITER)
23      Grand Canyon National Park, Arizona [redacted]        Aircraft
23      Jamestown, New York         [redacted]                1. Astro (VENUS)
23      Laredo, Texas               [redacted]                2. Insufficient Data
                                                              2. Astro (ARCTURUS)
23      Woodale, Illinois           [redacted]                Aircraft
23      Pine City, Minnesota        [redacted]                Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
23      Superior, Wisconsin         [redacted]                Satellite (ECHO II)
23      Holmcroft, Minnesota        [redacted]                Other (PLASTIC BAGS)
24      Fayetteville, Arkansas      [redacted]                Satellite (ECHO II)
24      Shalo Cove, Newfoundland    [redacted]                Other (BIRDS)
24      Roswell, New Mexico         [redacted]                1. Aircraft (REFUEL OPR
24      Amarillo, Texas             PHYS SPECIMEN             2. Astro (STARS/PLANETS)


- page 18 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information, so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
16 Aug 1965
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 11:30 PM
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Trotwood    Ohio
Near or Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    2    7    
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

a. Certain    c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    By clock/watch

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY    NIGHT
a. Bright    a. Bright
b. Cloudy    b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

(Circle One):
a. As a light
b. Don't remember
c. Solid

At times looked like
light and other times
it looked solid

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

About the same
For about 3/4 of the
Time then got
dimmer

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Half went and very slowly moves a well as it would disappear

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes     No     Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: Went     Into     & Back COTTON

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes     No     Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No noise
b. Color: Red and green changes

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

DIDN'T DO IT.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an oval/elliptical object with a directional arrow]

The shape of the colors made it hard to tell the rest of the shape


- page 21 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ___________
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes   No
b. Sun glasses Yes   No
c. Windshield Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No

e. Binoculars Yes   No
f. Telescope Yes   No
g. Theodolite Yes   No
h. Other ___________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A Red and Green Race Track


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Handwritten notes on the document include:
- "Kept Moving S.E." near the compass
- Some scribbled notes on the motion path section
- "ONE" in response to question 29


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS   Trotwood   Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER   AGE   13   SEX   MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
NOTHING

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
                Day         Month         Year


- page 24 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   18   Aug   1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The rest of the text box is blank]


- page 25 -

