The image provided does not contain any visible photograph. The document appears to be a Project Blue Book record form.

PROJECT IC073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
5-12-65
3. SOURCE
(4) x (1) -2
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground visual
7. DURATION
5 minutes
8. PHOTOS
X No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
X No
10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was shaped outlined like a-l4, which appeared and disappeared, by the action of some type of flight.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text found in the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP 
22 JUL 55 23/0332

2. LOCATION
Mount, Illinois 

3. SOURCE
Unknown

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 min

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Visual

7. COURSE
Straight-aned

8. PHOTOS
2 yes

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
2 yes

10. CONCLUSION
Unable to identify

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Four to five shaped objects with various unusual characteristics. No definite identification. The observer states the objects were maneuverable and appeared solid.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter related to a Project Blue Book report on unidentified flying objects.

TEXT OUTPUT:

Mrs. Hunt/soa/SAPORCC/728h/26 Aug 65

AUG 27 1965

Dear Mr. =
The object which you reported on the night of 22 July 1965 as an unidentified flying object is probably a known conventional light. As in the past, it is impossible to attempt specific identification of many observed lights, since many aircraft are observed at this late date, it is impossible to attempt specific identification of many observed lights, since many aircraft are observed at this late date, it is impossible to attempt specific identification of many observed lights. Only in a single light may it be possible to identify an object observed as a light.

The attached report on Project Blue Book gives the information which you requested on the subject of unidentified flying objects.

Sincerely,

JOHN F. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Mr. Victor Saucier
Sailor's Children's School
Norrisville, Illinois 61761

COORDINATED BY: [Office Symbol: Name, Grade, Date]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document related to a request for UFO information on a sighting that occurred on July 22, 1965.

The text in the document is as follows:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO

ATTN OF: TDST

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information on Sighting 22 Jul 65

TO: Hq USAF SAFOIT (ATTN: Mrs Hunt)
Washington D.C. 20330

Attached the referenced letter from an individual requesting information on unidentified flying objects and his reported observation of 22 Jul 65. The following is a summary:

1. Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

The object which you observed on the night of 22 July 1965 is registered as a Project Blue Book case of known aircraft. As this late date it is impossible to reconstruct the specific identification.

The attached brochure gives the information which you requested on the methods of unidentified flying objects.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[SIGNATURE]
CHIEF, FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
DIRECTORATE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
SYSTEMS COMMAND

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document, specifically a letter describing a sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

Dear Sirs,
I am writing to you about a flying saucer report. 
It was on the night of the 22d of July, the time was 9:30. It was looking into the sky for something, but I had no luck.
Later some of my pals came out and looked with me.
We looked at the Big Dipper and saw nothing, then looked again and saw the object. It was round, disc shaped, and a yellowish tint to it.
It did not blink like an airplane so I think that was out. I am not sure if it was a balloon, doubt it.
The direction it went was do east and then it went to the north and then to the northeast where it finally disappeared.
All of this took place in a minute or two.
I am very interested in this subject, please could you send me some information on it.
Sincerely Yours
[Signature redacted]
CHILDREN'S SCHOOL
MORGANTOWN, MONING STREET

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire is designed to obtain as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can. The information that you give will be used for further study and analysis, but it will not be used for any other purpose such as reaching conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? July 19, 1965
2. Time of day: 10:55 a.m. 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Campa Postal, Danville, California
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes 
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: Clear
b. NIGHT: N/A
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you
FTC POR: 28-164 This form supersedes FTD 165, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 6 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram of an unidentified flying object or UFO. The diagram shows an irregularly shaped object with some protruding features.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Slowly
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color red with a white light
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the line of the match. If you had performed this test, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a UFO report form or questionnaire. There is no human face visible in the image.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Luminous
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Well-defined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear suddenly? Yes No Don't know
h. Reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Abruptly.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [no response provided]
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: [no response provided]
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound Red, with a slight glow, b. Color
18. We would like to get an estimate of the size of the object. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this, please draw a diagram showing how much of the object would be covered by the match head: [a diagram is provided showing an estimate of the object's size]
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate if it was rotating or appeared to be spinning. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. [a hand-drawn sketch is provided showing the shape of the object]

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT FOUND IN THE DOCUMENT:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? A LITTLE

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. On a road
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open country, rural?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Windshield Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No 
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Camera No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when sighted up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 10 -

The image contains a diagram showing an illustration of a UFO sighting, including a compass rose and angles indicating the direction and elevation of the object. There is no photograph present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (sky-line) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass at the exact place where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report form, containing various questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 27 
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME 
ADDRESS 
TELEPHONE NUMBER 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, with a series of questions and blank space for responses.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   ------
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:   

- page 13 -

