Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
10 July 65  21/0402

2. LOCATION
Kettering, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Satellite (AGENA T)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Crescent shaped object with a tail, orange brightness.
Stationary at first, then moved. Seen at 9:45 PM in Kettering.
Estimated distance to a 200-300 ft. away. Descended in elevation
from 35 deg to 25 degrees.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 sec

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground - Visual

7. COURSE
Not Reported

COMMENTS: 200 I was over Dayton at 9:14 at 62 deg elevation
heading SE. View is within 15 deg of reporting area.
Dayton tells well. Considering when & how high, with
the object passed. More likely AGENA T/G, which is also
possible cause of this sighting. Evaluated as KNOWN IT.

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
   20   Jul   65
   Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:   2   45
                 Hour   Minutes
   (Circle One):   A.M. or   P.M.

3. Time Zone:
   (Circle One): a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

   (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                (b) Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   [Personal address is blacked out]   Ohio
                City or Town           State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
       2       
      Hours    Minutes   Seconds

   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   c. Not very sure
   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?   Estimated

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY                 NIGHT
   a. Bright           a. Bright
   b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
                b. In back of you    e. Overhead
                c. In your right     f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
FTD OCT 64 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 64, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions of the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

@ As a light
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter then the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

@ About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other: [text appears to be handwritten but is illegible]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)    Yes    No    Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?                   ⓪     ⓪     Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?        Yes    ⓪     Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?                      Yes    ⓪     Don't know
d. Give off smoke?                                      Yes    ⓪     Don't know
e. Change brightness?                                   Yes    ⓪     Don't know
f. Change shape?                                        Yes    ⓪     Don't know
g. Flash or flicker?                                    Yes    ⓪     Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?                              Yes    ⓪     Don't know


- page 3 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Gradually

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound     N/
b. Color     White

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
All

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple curved line/arc is drawn in the sketch area]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [partially illegible text]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [partially illegible text]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. in the business section of a city?
b. in the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ________miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No     e. Binoculars     Yes    No
b. Sun glasses   Yes    No     f. Telescope      Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No     g. Theodolite     Yes    No
d. Window glass  Yes    No     h. Other          Yes    No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last question (26) is left blank]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[Partially obscured text, appears to read: "Green Object"]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]   AGE 15   SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
Dad works w- PAFB
Civil Air Patrol

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially legible text appears to read: "USAF Space Cmd. PTO D.C."]

Page 6 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 6 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 7 -

