Date and Group: 5 January 65 05/2554

Location: Wallops Island, Virginia

Source: Civilian

Number of Objects: One

Length of Observation: 6 - 7 seconds

Type of Observation: Daylight

Course: -

Photos: No

Physical Evidence: No

Conclusion: INSUFFICIENT DATA. (Typed)

Brief Summary and Analysis:
Noted ball 36 yellow 13 hr. solid, low on the horizon at 200 deg. azimuth. Object 15 degrees above horizon and moving in the curvature of the earth. Believed to be a great distance away. Mid-week observation. Observed 3 to 4 seconds. Witness claims life and other low-level radio wave detection.

Comments: No reliable landing from Wallops Island after 1746. (No studies previous to the 8th this). Witness was one of his company. In this case, we concluded that a satellite (obj 500) was a probable explanation. However, the analysis will be made in the final analysis. Observation was conducted with missile launching.

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used. Received by 25 July 65


- page 1 -

January 8, 1965 -- Wallops Island, Virginia -- Two NASA officials _________ and _________ reported a round white oval object, which changed to yellowish-orange in color and traveled from low on the horizon to overhead and made a 90 degree turn before disappearing in the distance. SOURCE: Salisbury Times, Maryland.


- page 2 -

To: Case, 1158th Allen Gp.
Source: FTD, Ballston, Va. 2, VA

January 1965
Wallops Island

Wallops Island ... January (2), 1965 ... A number of persons reported seeing a "bright yellow thing" like a comet coming toward them at a high radius speed. (Wallops Island is a rocket launch base on the east coast of Virginia.)


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFOB
UFO Observation 5 Jan 65                                31 Mar 65

Project Engineer
NASA Station
Wallops Island, Virginia

Dear Sir,

There are certain omissions in information regarding your reported observation on 5 Jan 65. The azimuth and elevation of the object as observed and disappearance was estimated. Also, we would like to know the direction of the missile launch launch pad in relation to the direction of the observation. It was not stated as to whether or not you observed the T-76 local launch. This record also noted that your wife and brother-in-law made the same observation. It possibly we would like to know the direction they were looking and the point of observation in relation to the point from which you observed the object.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR.
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

[The bottom of the page contains a handwritten note that is partially illegible, with some words discernible but not fully readable.]


- page 4 -

PROJECT ENGINEER
NASA STATION
WALLOPS ISLAND, VIRGINIA

Dear Sir,

There are certain omissions in information of your reported observation on 5 Jan 65.

The azimuth and elevation of the objects at appearance and disappearance was omitted. Also, we would like to know the direction of the missile launch pad in relation to the direction of the observation. It was not stated as to whether or not you observed the 1746 local shots launch. The report also stated that your wife and brother-in-law made the same observation. If possible we would like to know the direction that they were looking and the point of observation in relation to the point from which you observed the object.


- page 5 -

HEADQUARTERS
4500TH AIR BASE WING
LANGLEY AIR FORCE BASE, VIRGINIA 23365

FORM 164 DO/2711
SUBJECT: Initial Report of Investigation of Unidentified Flying Object

TO: AFSC (TIDI)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. The following information is presented as directed by paragraph
14, AFR 200-2.

a. Description of the object:
(1) Shape: Round.
(2) Size: Compared with a nickel held in the hand at about
arm's length.
(3) Color: Bright yellow light.
(4) Number: One.
(5) Formation: None.
(6) Discernible features: None.
(7) Tail: None.
(8) Sound: None.

b. Description of course of object:
(1) The observer's attention was first called to the object
when he glanced at the horizon as he entered his automobile.
(2) The object was first observed rising from the horizon at
an elevation of 200 degrees from the observer.
(3) The object disappeared as it reached an overhead position
relative to the observer.
(4) The flight path of the object appeared to follow the
curvature of the earth, but at a great distance from the earth.
(5) The object disappeared instantly after an observed flicker.
(6) The object was visible to the observer for eight or nine
seconds.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ZENITH 284-50
+11 - 285N-285N

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Ground - visual.
(2) No optical aids were used.

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) 2256 Zulu (1756 local), 5 January 1965
(2) Light conditions: Night.

e. Location of observer: On-station housing area, Wallops Island
NASA Station.

f. Identifying Information on observer: Mr. [redacted]
23, Wallops Island NASA Station, Project Engineer.

g. Weather and winds: Aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:
(1) Observer's account of weather conditions: Clear and calm.
(2) Wind direction and velocity (Patuxent River Naval Air
Station Weather Facility):

Surface: 230°/2 knots
6,000 ft: 290°/21 knots
10,000 ft: 300°/20 knots
16,000 ft: 310°/36 knots
20,000 ft: 310°/48 knots
30,000 ft: 310°/49 knots
50,000 ft: 300°/57 knots

(3) Ceiling: Clear.
(4) Visibility: 8 miles
(5) Amount of cloud cover: None.
(6) Thunderstorms: None.
(7) Vertical temperature gradient: Normal lapse rate.

h. No unusual meteorological activity or conditions were reported.
At 2256 Zulu (1756 local) 5 January 1965, Wallops Island NASA Missile
Firing Range fired their last missile for that day. Mr [redacted] enlisted that he had checked the accuracy of his watch and the accuracy
of his reported sighting time. He was aware of the missile firing, and
was confined there was no relationship.

2


- page 7 -

1. There was no interception or immediate identification action taken because of a one-day delay from the sighting time to the reporting time.

2. A check was made with the Air Traffic Control Facility in the Patuxent River Naval Air Station and the Wallops Island NASA Station area. They reported Navy PA aircraft operating in Warning Area 108 from 1230 into 1400 20th. They were at a "low" altitude and not causing 250 knots. They were firing objects down - but not up. Contacts was made with NORAD Headquarters, Colorado, Commander McGrath stated a 50 percent possibility of the sighting being an orbiting satellite and specifically SPADATS computer would not continue-nor deny the possibility of a satellite orbiting over Wallops Island at the time of the sighting. This was because no accurate estimate of elevation could be given to be certain.

3. This report was prepared by First Lieutenant Robert R. Dockum, USAF, 4500 Air Base Wing (DOQ-D), Langley Air Force Base, Virginia. The description of this sighting was given by Mr. [redacted] to Lieutenant [redacted] during a personal interview on 11 January 1965. Mr. [redacted], his wife and brother-in-law had made the same observation. Mr. [redacted] stated it to the [redacted] Island NASA Station Chief of Security. Dr. [redacted] had reported his sighting time as 2315 20th (1915 local) 5 January 1965. The possible cause was reported to be a temperature inversion satellite. This possibility was confirmed by NORAD SPADATS operations. Another possible cause is the reported object is a temperature inversion caused by the missile launching and not measured by the weather bureau. This possible inversion may have caused a reflective pattern that could appear after the missile firing. This possibility was confirmed by the Patuxent Naval Air Station Weather Facility duty forecaster and the Norfolk Weather Bureau.

4. No physical evidence was reported to exist.

5. The observer was prompted to report his sighting after the local news announced the Patuxent River Naval Air Station radar tracking of two UFOs on 29 December. The Patuxent River Public Information Office, State Police, and Chase Research Group were currently under investigation by Major Quintanilla, USAF, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. The observer also reported his sighting to Commander Girson.


- page 8 -

USN, at Patuxent River Naval Air Station. Mr. [redacted] seemed very anxious to fully report and consider all the aspects of his sighting.

Also, he had accrued letter reporting other people's observations of lights and reflections when they were not sure of the source.

FOR THE COMMANDER

J. M. FORSTER
Maj., USAF
Deputy Commander for Operations


- page 9 -

SAUCER NEWS

OFFICIAL PUBLICATION OF THE SAUCER AND UNEXPLAINED CELESTIAL EVENTS RESEARCH SOCIETY

MAILING ADDRESS: P.O. BOX 163, FORT LEE, N.J.
OFFICE: 303 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORK, N.Y.
TELEPHONE: MURRAY HILL 5-9743

EDITOR:
JAMES W. MOSELEY

NON-SCHEDULED NEWSLETTER #22
March 10th, 1965

WE REGRET TO ANNOUNCE the recent death of Manon Darlains of Hollywood, California. Back in France, Madame Darlains was a long-time researcher into flying saucers, psychic phenomena, and other related matters. Her continuous filing on back for many years, and her was keenly interested in the mysterious goings-on in the Los Angeles area in the early 1950's, mostly the disappearance of saucer researchers Hunrath and Wilkinson. Her interest in UFOs continued, though her health failed in recent years, and she was seen regularly at the annual Giant Rock Convention. Your Editor met her several times, correspondingly, and considered her a close personal friend.

NEW "CONTACTED" STORY: On February 11th, a Watsonville, California television repairman named Sid Padrick told newspaper reporters that he took a ride in a flying saucer at 2 a.m. one night the previous month. Padrick claimed that he was invited aboard with assurance that the nine-man crew was "absolutely not hostile," and that he was told that the craft's motive for coming was to examine his home. The contactee was vague about some details and the ship's motive for coming from "energy transfer through a light source." Known to them, he says, was the name Koshka. They claimed that they have been here before and that they are visiting us on an exploratory trip to learn about us. Though Padrick feels that they have shown "peaceful" motives, he was cautious.

Padrick claimed that the Air Force had asked him not to discuss the incident in detail. His report is the narrowest case of a "contact" in Holloman Air Force Base, and the data was forwarded to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio, as is the routine procedure. More details on this incident will appear in our forthcoming June issue of SAUCER NEWS.

SAUCER FLAP IN VIRGINIA CONTINUES: Clippings are still pouring into our office regarding the saucer flap which began in Virginia last December, and which extended at least through the night of January 25th, several people watched a twinkling object, shaped like a pie in the sky and looking like a spinning top, which hovered up and down at low altitude over the Rappahannock River, at Fredericksburg, Va. The object was observed for several minutes.

Another sighting was made the same night at the foot of a mountain near Luray, Va. This UFO had sparks (flying from it, and was heard to explode with a "crackling sound." A few seconds later, something coming up from behind a nearby mountain was heard. A small fire resulting from the explosion was put out by Forestry officials, but apparently no physical evidence was found.

(See Reverse)


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

(Page Two)

At Wallops Station, Va., one of America's NASA rocket launching facilities, a NASA engineer and others observed a UFO on January 5th, at 6 p.m. The engineer, Richard Klemm, described it as a bright object shooting up from the southeastern horizon and traveled from the horizon to directly overhead in just a few seconds. Burton added that the previous night, October 1st, while on a color TV program, he had investigated the incident as well as another previously unpublished UFO sighting which took place at Wallops Station back in October of 1964.

Frank, Va., was the scene of several previous UFO incidents - which tells of a group of seven teenagers who saw and later photographed little green men. This story has all the earmarks of a hoax to us, but we give it to you for what it is worth: Steven Mouffer, 16, was driving on U.S. Route 250 with several friends when he saw a supernatural-looking man near the side of the road. He snapped the car and chased the individual until the man was joined by two others, all about 32 feet in height. They were allegedly running on a plain, a six-foot creature with silver in color. Later Mouffer went to a nearby barn with a photographer, where a color picture of one little man was taken. Just how they knew the creature was in the barn is not clear, and had the picture been developed at last report.

SAUCER FLAP IN ALASKA: On the night of January 27th, dozens of residents of Anchorage, Alaska, contacted local police and newspapers in concern over a multicolored flying object (UFO) which hovered near the city. Dr. William C. Langworthy, assistant professor of chemistry at Alaska Methodist University, trained a 100-power telescope on the object and concluded that it was "oddly shaped." When anything I've seen before was state that although smaller than Jupiter in apparent size, the unknown object cast off more light than does that planet. Whatever the object was, it apparently, a beyond the range of our radar, according to an Air Force spokesman, who said the incident was under investigation.

Ray of Anchorage. She was sitting in her living room with the family when she saw an extremely bright "wish was intensely of an arc light" shining through one of the house's large windows. The frightening event was accompanied by a buzzing sound, which turned into an explosion. A few seconds later. The whole family observed that light was coming down through the trees from above, and for a few moments, just before the explosion, it shined into the living room with blinding intensity.

These Newsletters are non-scheduled, and are issued only as often as worthwhile matter is available. The present one is an Indispensable NEWS #39, dated March, 1965.

IMPORTANT NOTICE: In order to simplify our files, we always have all Newsletters subscriptions begin and end the same time for all subscribers. This means that whether you joined the Newsletter mailing list recently or long ago, your subscription ends with the present issue. The renewal rate is on daily, which will put you on the mailing list for another indefinite period of time, during which another 4 or 5 Newsletters will be issued. If, however, you have already sent us a dollar for this forthcoming group of Newsletters, then you can nothing at this time.


- page 11 -

