PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 25 July 55, 4 September 65 (Night)

2. LOCATION: Pike County, Missouri

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Few Minutes Each

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: Maneuvered

8. PHOTOS: ☐ Yes ☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: ☐ Yes ☒ No

10. CONCLUSION: A/C (Helo)
Description, flight and all characteristics of sighting in accord with Halo observation.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object in flight that included hovering and had a red light rotating which varied in intensity. Flight was slow. Small size about 12 ft in diameter. Climbed in "steeply". Made one turn of 135 degrees. Fuselage was white, like aluminum. Observed on two miles. See letter. Excellent description. Information includes landmark on sectional charts, elevations and flight characteristics of object.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFSOI

Oggio on U.F.O. Sighting
United States Air Force
Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

[Postmark: SAINT LOUIS PM 8 SEP 1965]

[Stamp: ALWAYS USE YOUR ZIP CODE]


- page 2 -

Mrs. Hunt/man/SAFOICC/728h2/29 Sep 65

SEP 29 1965

Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

This is in reply to your report of aerial objects which you observed on the night of 26 July and 8 September 1965.

Your report is similar to the many reports in our files of helicopter observations. The slow flight, including hovering, the sound, and the apparent erratic fluctuation of the red light are characteristics of helicopter activity. The identity and deviation in appearance at regular intervals occurs when the aircraft is in a turn or at an angle when the light shines through the "bubble" or open portion of the aircraft. It is quite likely that your landmark, which is located on aviation section charts, is used as a reference point in cross-country flights.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Bolia, Missouri 65344

[The rest of the document contains some partially illegible administrative markings at the bottom of the page.]


- page 3 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDSN

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Pike County, Missouri

TO: Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

1. Ref the attached unidentified object report from
[redacted]. The sighting of objects on the nights of
25 July and 4 September 1965 are similar to many reports in
our files of helicopter observations. The slow flight, including
portions of hovering, the whoosh sound and the apparent erratic
fluctuation of the red light is characteristic of these reports.
The intensity as well as deviation in appearance at a regular
interval is caused when the aircraft is in a turn or at an angle
when the light shines through the "bubble" or open portion of
the craft. It's quite likely that Mrs [redacted] landmark, which
is located on aviation section charts, is used as a reference
point in cross country flights.

2. We had no unusual reports from Pike County, Missouri during
this period. The ADC reported no unidentified tracks from her
area. Helicopters on flights of this nature could be flown by
the Air National Guard, Navy, Army and/or other military units
within a radius of 150 miles. In view of the reported characteristic and delay of the submission of report no attempt will
be made to identify a specific flight.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
UFO Rpt th [redacted]


- page 4 -

Colia, Missouri
63394
Sept 7, 1965

Inquiring to two U.F.O. Sighting
United States Air Force
Pentagon Bldg.
Washington D.C.

Dear Sirs -
Our gem is located in Pike County
Missouri, Painsville Township 52 -
on survey - Our house is on

long north south ridge - a few
hundred yards west of the house is
a high point of land 1006' above
the elevation oscillated cliffs. The
land on which the house stands is
only a few get lower.

on the night of July 26 my
daughter 15 - and 9 years old
was sitting quietly on the north
terrace watching some lights on
the Missouri, perhaps in the distance


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

and listening to the owls and
whip-on-will - Although the sky
was overcast it was quite clear
and distant lights could be seen
quite plainly. The girls had called
my attention to some mysteries under
the stars of trees - and seeing a
looking red light to the north over
the space of a blinker they came
across red single - They of course
said oh no - and in place and
we watched the light coming
toward us in a due south sliding
quite fast. We then speculating to
what another was well realized that
was odd that only red light showed
and that the ghost was not a
steady on off. But completely
erratic. The color was also a
very intense red fading now to
a dull red than most his craft
right - when it was about -


- page 6 -

quite mile away it seemed to be w
and at 200 yds or a bit more on Came
made an abrupt change turn (a one hundred fifty yds degree turn)
then swirled in a series of steps
- during this time its light became
dimmer - going its intensity - but
was constantly rather than a glowing
light. Seen from the side as it
passed on an south east corner
not over a hundred yards from
where we sat (between the trees)
and a grove of high trees it
was passed to be quite - close change
but not so long) about 10-15 yrs in
height. The red light once again
intense and gradually erratic
seeming to be all about it that
more from the top - and the
quadrangle ejecting a white light
also aluminum plated with white
light — The speed was quite slow


- page 7 -

12 elevation maybe 150 ft -

Speed was increased after the
8 hot landed and after two
hundred yards after two turns.
We was through the fence to
where we could see it again
and it had slowed down. We
watched it moving straight
south east until it was west of
sight -

It was a quiet night - no
wind insects - and the fence
was quiet. There was no noise
from this air craft - except a
very soft whistling like a very
soft wind -

The time was approximately
15:35 PDC.D.T.

On September 4 at 11:15 P.M.CDT.
I was closing the door got the
night and saw the object
intense no difficulty of noting


- page 8 -

Right. This time due south-
could not be sure of the distance
as there are no high trees or
hills to mark. The view is to
south is down over pasture land
again there was a high rise east,
but the night was very clear
and right were visible miles away.
There was nothing in the near distance.
By while I could gauge distance.
However as we were when I did have
light on July 26 when I saw some
hills and trees. Crossing land was
not to stand in proximity where
walking around a field - it
appeared to be between a leg mile
and a mile. Passing - I noticed
for several minutes - moved with circular
room and returned with binoculars
of had moved quite south-
I must have lost time. There turned so largely
minute (again - clearly this was a


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

moving air way could make
and wind 22 west coast west
at very high speed - I got
sight of it behind some two near

There is another boys near
us on hwy 61 south of Bowling
Green -

This may be of interest to
you, and I get this I close
by it

Sincerely yours

Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty, so I've transcribed them as best as possible while maintaining the original text's appearance.


- page 10 -

