PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. LOCATION
Sauk Centre, Minnesota

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (AIRCRAFT)

2. DATE/TIME GROUP
14 Sep. 65

3. CIVILIAN
None Stated

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
None Stated

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
None Stated

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
None Stated

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Aircraft (possible):

SAFOICC/Mrs Cassel/bp/7907/10 Jan 67
11 Sep 65
Sauk Centre, Minnesota
JAN 10 1967

Dear Mr [redacted]

Please excuse the delay in replying to your letter regarding your unidentified flying object sightings. The volume of mail received on this subject has created a backlog.

Your sighting of September 11, 1965 has characteristics of an aircraft observation at high altitude. However, because of the time, location, and your observation and reporting, it is impossible to check the military and civilian traffic in the area at the time of your sighting. Your description of the two objects corresponds very closely to aircraft with contrails. An aircraft at high altitude is usually seen only as a result of the reflection of the sun's light and its outline would not be readily discernible. Also, the object would appear to disappear when the reflecting surface of the aircraft no longer reflected the sun's light. The fact that there was no noise associated to the sighting is very easily explained by the fact that the aircraft at very high altitude.

Thank you for your interest in our program; I regret it has taken us so long to reply.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Country Relations Division
Office of Information

COORDINATED BY (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date):
SAFOIC- CCC                 SAFC- CCC

Closed by - SAF-010
Combk cy - SAF-010
Reader cy - SAF-010
Activity cy - SAF-010G
Stayback


- page 2 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEM/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 11 September 1965

TO: Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs. Hunt)

Reference the attached letter from _________ requesting information on unidentified flying objects. The following is a suggested reply:

a. Dear [redacted]:

Your sighting of 11 September 1965 has characteristics of an aircraft observation at high altitude. However, the traffic in the area at the time of your sighting. Your description of the two objects corresponds very closely to aircraft with contrails. An aircraft at high altitude is usually seen only as a result of the reflection of the sun's light and its outline would not be readily discernible. Also, the object would appear to disappear when not reflected toward the surface of the aircraft. There was no noise associated to the sighting. It was easily explained by the fact that the aircraft was at a very high altitude.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Ltr Ann

+ Please excuse the delay in replying to your letter regarding your unidentified flying object sighting. The volume of mail received on this subject has created a backlog.

I Thank you for your interest in our program; I regret it has taken this long to reply.

DISCERNABLE

/s/


- page 3 -

Project Blue Book Office
SAFOI
Washington,D.C.

Sirs,

First, let me say that I am not writing this because of all the reported sightings of objects in the last few weeks, but only because I finally found an address to write to. I might also add that I am a state employee, a pilot, and I live here in Minnesota.

I would like to state just what I saw-without worry about how it might sound to others.

On September 11'l returned home from Litchfield,Minnesota. I had a complaint about a dam in the west and of town. I drove out to the west side of town and did not see my deer. I then saw a fellow on the road that I knew so I drove over to him,his name was Carl Sauer. Carl and he was with two other fellows working on a new road construction. I was in my car and talking to them when I looked up in the sky out of my left window, and saw a focus west. There were some high clouds in the sky. I am about a km, Mr Sauer pointed to the sky and high, very high there was what appeared to be two lights coming down. At first I thought it was a plane with landing lights-they seemed to be about that. I an apart. It trailed smoke from way up. When it was about what seemed to be 500 feet from the ground the lights went out. I had a pair of 7X50 glasses on the seat and out of the case. I took the glasses and looked up to the top where the seemed to start and I saw two objects. They seemed very close to each other and one disappeared almost immediately and the other was in sight for only a few seconds. I don't have any idea as to the height only that it was way high. I did not hear any engines from my plane. I called the Highway Patrol radio and they chocked with the Alexandria flying base in the vicinity. I then drove to our local airport where we had an instructor flying this day. The instructors name was Carl Alexander, from Alexandria. He too saw the lights. He was in the air and said the first thing he thought of was an airliner in trouble, and was trying to make the field. His student did not see the fire or light but he did see the smoke that trailed. So it appeared to both of us like landing lights on a plane and yet we were about 5 miles apart and looking 20° in from different directions.

Would appreciate hearing from anyone who can explain this, all of the other people who saw the same (except the objects in the sky) are still living here.

Very truly yours,

A/C


- page 4 -

Sauk Centre, Minnesota
March 31, 1968

Project Blue Book Office
SAFOI
Washington, D.C.

Sirs,

First, let me say that I am not writing this because of all the reported sightings of objects in the last few weeks, but only because I finally found an address to write to. I might also add that I am a state employee, a pilot, and I live here in Sauk Centre.

On September 11'I returned home from Litchfield, Minnesota. I had a complaint about a deer in town west and to town. I drove out to the west side of town and did not see many deer. I then saw a fellow on the road that I know so I drove over to him in a car west of town. I saw Carter and he was with two other fellows working on a new road construction. I was in my car and talking to them. I put out of my left window, our west facing west. There were some high clouds in the sky. There was about a mile pointed to the sky and high, very high there was what appeared to be two lights coming down. First I thought it was a plane with landing lights - seemed to be about far apart. I tracked smoke from way up. When it was about what seemed to be 500 feet from the ground the lights went out. I had a pair of 7X50 glasses on the seat and out of the case. I took the glasses and looked up to where the smoke seemed to start and I saw two objects. They seemed very close to each other and one disappeared immediately and the other was an eight for only a few seconds. I don't have my idea as to the height only that it was way high. I did not hear any engines from any planes. I called the Highway Patrol radio and they checked with the Alexandria airport to see if there were any planes in the area and in trouble and they did not know of any planes in the vicinity. I then drove to our local airport where a local instructor flying this day. The instructors name was _______ from Alexandria. He too saw the lights. He was in the air and said the first thing he thought of was an airliner in trouble and was trying to make some field. His student took note of the fire or light but he did see the smoke that trailed. So it appeared to both of us like landing lights.

I contacted my nephew, who is flying 852's and asked him what it could be and he had no explanations. The two objects that I saw in the sky just seemed to be black sprays, probably 20-25 thousand feet but even at that distance one can see the outline of an airplane. This I did not get and I traded before there was no engine noise. I am a state game warden and this is the reason I have good glasses and on this day I had them on the seat where they were handy. This also was our opening of the fox season.

Would appreciate hearing from anyone who can explain this, all of the other people who saw the same (except the objects in the sky) are still living here.

Very truly yours,
[Signature redacted]
A/C


- page 5 -

TDEW/UFO

UFO Sightings, 11 September 1965

Hq USAF SAPOICC (Mrs. Hunt)

Reference the attached letter from                 requesting
information on unidentified flying objects. The following is a
suggested reply:

a. Dear

Your sighting of 11 September 1965 has characteristics
of an aircraft observation at high altitude, however, at this
late date it is impossible to check the military and civilian
traffic for your area at the time of your sighting. Your de-
scription of the two objects corresponds very closely to aircraft
with contrails. An aircraft at high altitude is usually seen
only as a result of the reflection of the sun's light and its out-
line would not be readily identifiable. Also, the object would
appear to disappear when the reflecting surface of the aircraft
no longer reflected the sun's light toward the ground. The fact that
there was no noise associated to the sighting is very easily
explained by the fact that the aircraft was a very high altitude.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONGHEURE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR: TDEW/UFO Maj H Edintanilla, Jr    DATED

L TDSM                                         dated


- page 6 -

