1. DATE - TIME GROUP
25-26 January 65 26/0452

2. LOCATION
Bolar, Virginia

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
GROUND LIGHTS

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One or More

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Round reddish orange or glowing light believed to be about 270 yds away. Following night the object or light appeared again in same location. Watched light for at least 20 minutes. Light was about 8 inches in diameter. Would disappear for 2-3 seconds and reappear. Either on the ground or a few feet above the ground. About 75 yds from the light large circles resembling fluorescent lights were observed, and these circles moved in various directions. Location of observation in valley between mountains.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Random

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
☒ No

COMMENTS: Bright light attributed to light from flashlight or lantern and larger circles from some source similar to flashlight or lantern. Possible lights from hunters in the woods. Case regarded as ground lights from some source similar to flashlight.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

25-74

February 3, 1965

Commanding General
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir,

The advisement of Mr. J. S. Whitfield, Postal
Inspector of Staunton, Virginia, I am giving
you the following information.

On January 26, 1965 around 11:15 P.M. we
saw a round reddish-orange, glowing object
air light, approximately 270 yards from the
Bolar, Virginia Post Office. Then again on
January 26, 1965 around 10:45 P.M. the object air
light appeared again at the same place. Both
my husband and I watched it, for at least
twenty minutes. It looked to be about eight
inches in diameter. At one time it disappeared
for two or three seconds and then appeared
again. We could not tell if it was on
the ground or just a few feet above ground.
About seventy-five yards from the object
air light we could plainly see large
thrust white circles that glowed, similar to
a light from a fluorescent lamp. These circles
of light moved in different directions and were
seen through the windows of a trailer by our
son in law who lives near the Post Office.


- page 2 -

Recently, some newspapers and television media have learned that an unidentified object has been sighted in different sections of Virginia. And due to these reports, pranks have been played by teenagers and also adults. I can truthfully say the sighted object we saw was not faked and I do not consider it a laughing matter. The small village of Bolar is located in a narrow strip of land between mountains. We have checked and re-checked and are certain there is nothing in our area that would make the kind of light we saw.

I am Postmaster here at Bolar and I hesitated before reporting this subject to the Postal Inspector. But after a great deal of serious thinking, I felt that I could not be a good American citizen if I did not ask these questions. "What was the sighted object and where did it come from?"

Sincerely,
Mrs. Virginia C. Hardcastle
Postmaster


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

The Postmaster
Bolar, Virginia 24844

TO: T. DEW
Commanding, Bolared
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio


- page 4 -

