PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 4 August 65 05/5000Z

2. LOCATION: Clovis, California

3. SOURCE: Civil Main

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 - 30 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: NE

8. PHOTOS: ☐ Yes ☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: ☐ Yes ☒ No

10. CONCLUSION: Satellite (DOCK)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object appeared to be solid. Initial appearance as a light. Changed from green flicker, spark to a red disc. Looked like a fourth of July sparkler. Disappeared by fading. Flight from below the big dipper to the constellation Cassiopea. Expedition similar to Satellite decay. Check with SERTS indicated no reentry for this time period. Possible that this was one of the similar components of space debris not carried on a regular plotting basis.

FORM FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

FTD (GENU)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
5 September 1965

Dr J Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Allen:

Reference the attached UFO report from Clovis on his sighting of 4 Aug 1965. A check with SPADAS revealed no satellite decays during the time mentioned. Regret your evaluation.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book    1 Atch
                             1/8


- page 2 -

Department of Defense
Office of Public Information
Washington 25, D.C.

U.S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet

When did you see the object? 4 August 1965

Time of day: about 10:00 p.m. Pacific Daylight Savings Time.

Where were you when you saw the object? 250th Lind Avenue, Clovis, California
Additional remarks: Standing in Front yard.

Estimate how long you saw the object. I'm fairly certain it was about 20-30 seconds.

What was the condition of the sky? No trace of daylight.

What did you notice about the stars and moon? The moon was in its first half.
The object was below and to the left of the constellation Cassiopeia.

Was the object brighter than the background of the sky? Yes.

The brightness was like that of an automobile headlight several blocks away.

Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? No
b. Suddenly speed up at any time and rush away? No
c. Break up into parts or explode? No
d. Give off smoke? No
e. Change brightness? Yes
f. Change shape? Yes
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes

Did the object move behind something at any time? Yes, the street light.

Did the object move in front of anything? No.

The object appeared solid.

I used no instruments to observe the object.

Sound: None.
Color: It was like a Fourth of July sparkler. It changed from green flickering sparks to white flickering sparks to red flickering sparks, then to a sort of red disk.

The edges of the disk were rather fuzzy.

There was only one object.

I'm fairly certain the disk was 'bout the size of a pen nib at arm's length.

How did the object disappear from view? It faded as it neared horizon.


- page 3 -

Where were you located when you saw the object? Outdoors, in the residential section of the city.

What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? Northeast.

What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? Northeast.

What were the weather conditions at the time? Clear, cool, dry, no wind.

When did you report to some official that you had seen the object? I didn't.

Was anyone with you at the time you saw the object? No, but there have been several sightings around the valley, and an official at the Fresno Air Terminal also sighted something.

Was this the first time you have sighted an object like this? No. My father and I sighted a stationary one in Fresno in 1963. It changed colors from red to green to blue and then abruptly vanished. My father also sighted a ball with white sparks coming from it over Great Britain in 1957.

What do you think the object was? It could have been a ship from another planet, or "space junk" launched by the U.S. or the Soviet Union.

Do you think you can estimate the speed or distance of the object? No.

Please give the following information about yourself:
Name: [Redacted]
Address: Clovis, California 93612
Telephone: [Redacted]
Present job: Student.
Any special educational training: Grade school, High school.
Age: 15
Sex: Male.

Date questionnaire completed: 6 August 1965.

The form for this questionnaire was taken from the book "Flying Saucers From Outer Space" by Major Donald E. Keyhoe, U.S.M.C. (Ret.)


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Cassiopeia

Ursa Major

Reason for sighting: Recently I became more interested in astronomy than usual. As I was star gazing I managed to notice a white round object below the constellation Ursa Major. As I followed it disappeared behind the street light glare. When it reappeared it traveled for a little then suddenly became brighter. Then below this I saw the object with green, white and red sparks as marked in that order.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

A - when I first saw it

B - last saw it above skyline

IMAGINE I WAS A THIS POINT SHOW

First sighted
A
B - Last sighted

The man at the airport said
the arc was too steep for a
jet or plane.


- page 6 -

Clovis, California
93612

Dear Sirs:
This has not been the first sighting recently in the valley (San Joaquin Valley). Just the day before this sighting there was an UFO over Merced, Calif. My sighting was also reported on the news the next morning has I was told by a friend. He said the newsman said that a man at the Fresno Air Terminal tower also saw the same object. The man at the airport said that it was NOT an arc that a plane or jet would make.

Yours Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 7 -

