The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 26 July 65 2710/2122
2. LOCATION: Albuquerque, New Mexico
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (METER)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object traveling as a solid stream of yellow to white sparks. Described only as a trail of fire. Descending flight to North-northeast for 6-8 seconds. Entire flight under cloud cover. Changed direction to SE abruptly as it disappeared. Also appeared to climb as it disappeared.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Department of the Air Force document with the header "DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE HEADQUARTERS AIR FORCE SPECIAL WEAPONS CENTER (AFSC) KIRTLAND AIR FORCE BASE, NEW MEXICO 87117". The document is addressed to a person named "STD (TSgt) C.H. Patterson M.D., Ohio" and is signed by "E. J. Ruppelt, Chief of Safety" on 3 April 1965.

Text found in the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS AIR FORCE SPECIAL WEAPONS CENTER (AFSC)
KIRTLAND AIR FORCE BASE, NEW MEXICO 87117

24 August 1965

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report

TO: STD (TSgt) C.H. Patterson M.D., Ohio

In accordance with operation instructions between Major Petterson and yourself, this unidentified UFO report is forwarded.

E. J. Ruppelt
Chief of Safety

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a UFO questionnaire or report document.

UFO QUESTIONNAIRE
1. Description of the Object(s):
a. Shape: Describes a shape compared to a known object (possibly using terms like head of a pin, pear, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length.
b. Size compared to a known object (Use one of the following terms: Head of a pin, pear, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length.
c. Color: 
d. Number: 5-12
e. Formation, if more than one:
f. Any discernible Features or details: ??
g. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): Trailed a ball-like object about 5 minutes to the northeast at a moderate speed with no sound.
h. Sound, if heard, describe sound: None
i. Other pertinent or unusual Features:

2. Description of Course of Object(s):
a. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): The first sighting. 

- page 3 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a form with questions about the observation of a UFO.

b. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: About 75

c. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: About 26

d. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Traveled to the north-northwest, making a straight line, horizontal flight.

e. How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the horizon, gradually to the horizon, behind clouds, etc.): The object(s) disappeared instantaneously to the northwest.

f. How long (were) the object(s) visible? (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.): About 2 to 3 minutes.

3. Manner of Observation:
a. Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, air visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar)
Ground-visual

b. Apparent as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof: None

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

C. IF the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, speed, and home station.
4. Time and Date of Sighting:
a. Zulu time-date group of sighting 7/2 P.M. July 71.
b. Light conditions (Use one of the following terms: Night, day, dusk, dawn, just after sunset, just before sunrise, etc.)
Night
5. Location of Observer(s): Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position.
41 40N 106 25W Roswell, New Mexico
6. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
Civilian: Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.
(REDACTED)
7. Weather and Winds: Observer(s) account of weather conditions.
Overcast.

- page 5 -

