PROJECT 1007 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
10 August 65 11/0450

2. LOCATION
OT, LA Ungle Reprt
Los Angeles, California

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Possible observation of Mars and refraction of the planet was settling. The blue object attributes the star SPICA. Character of witnesses taken into account. Basic data in the form of positional data and motion in accord with this evaluation.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One (Two f)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object observed from car on Hollywood freeway. Car heading West and South about 111 O'Clock position. Bearing shifted to 9 O'Clock position as car left the freeway. Object had orange-amber color. Compared size to football at arm's length. Blue object about the size of baseball at arm's length was observed near the orange object. As the orange object disappeared it went straight up changing to reddish white color. No knowledge of how the blue object disappeared. Night was clear and witnesses were emphatic that the object was NOT the moon.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary, up

8. PHOTOS
Yes
XXXno

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
XXXno

VENUS at 11.19 RA, because the horizon MARS at 13.26 RA on horizon near the star SPICA. MARS in the process of setting at 260 deg azimuth. Mag plus 1.2. Observer regarded as unreliable.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

MEMORANDUM:                                                   15 September 1965

SUBJECT:    UFO, 10 August 1965

TIME AND PLACE:    About 2150/10 August 1965
                   Los Angeles, California

REPORTED BY:    Mr [redacted] professional musician (drummer)
                Residence:    Hollywood, California
                Telephone:    [redacted]

Mr and Mrs [redacted] left their residence in the Silver Lake district of Hollywood and entered the Hollywood Freeway west bound at the Vermont Avenue on-ramp. When on the freeway, they noticed the UFO at an undetermined distance at about 1,100 o'clock position relative to the automobile. They observed the UFO for a period of about 10 minutes while traveling on the freeway until they got approximately to the Barham Avenue off-ramp (in the middle of Cahuenga Pass).

Except for one quick and lateral movement, the UFO appeared to be motionless during the time of observation. At the end of the 10 minutes period the relative heading of the UFO was such that it was about the 9:00 o'clock position relative to the car when last seen. (COMMENT: After affecting some elementary triangulation, I would appear that the suspected UFO would have been located over the general area of UCLA and Bel Air in the West Los Angeles area, an average distance of about 12 miles from the Hollywood Freeway.)

The object was described as a very large oval object with a fairly distinct outer edge and with no evidence of being transparent or soft such as one might describe a cloud. It had an orange-amber color. A second small, object with appeared to be a small blue light was observed near the orange object. When asked to judge the relative size of the objects, stated with an object being held in the hand at arms' length, the orange object was about the size of a football and the blue object about the size of a baseball.

According to [redacted], at the end of the observation period, the orange object suddenly took off "straight up", became brighter and with the color changing to a "medium white" and with no reduction in its size when it suddenly disappeared. They did not know or note what happened to the blue light. (COMMENT: It was a clear night and that the orange object was definitely not the moon.)


- page 2 -

A check with weather facilities at Los Angeles International Airport indicated that at the time of the observation, Los Angeles was enjoying clear skies (when no smog), 15 miles visibility, no clouds, no temperature inversion layers, and surface winds varying from three to five miles from 260°. The surface temperatures between 72 and 74°. Weather conditions at Burbank were similar with 10 miles visibility and slightly warmer temperatures.

In the discussions between Mr. [redacted] and Captain Halcomb, 660/587A, it became quite apparent that [redacted] was an ardent "flying saucer" fan who belonged to an informal organization (unname) which considered flying saucers to be one of their common items of interest and discussion. Primarily believes that non-terrestrial space vehicles are in our atmosphere for a period of years. Several times during the conversation he [redacted] volunteered his observations before they were made, indicating thereby he has been subject to UFO investigation procedures previously. It was also acknowledged in the conversation that when in the car they were not looking through the glass but through open windows of the car and that there were no weather or cloud conditions that they were not seeing, and could volunteer no other details or unusual features. Mr. [redacted] deferred all questions to her husband but said she concurred in what he said.

COMMENTS: No other report of this phenomena was received by SSRA. There was no other known sighting of this occurrence in the newspapers or other media. Based on the relative size of the object it would appear that what he [redacted] saw was something in the neighborhood of two miles in diameter. It is considered unlikely that anything of this size could have been seen in the Los Angeles area by only one person, particularly in view that it was a clear night.

A check was made with the information office at UCLA which, in turn, checked with all of the departments of the university. The results were completely negative. To one had reported seeing any such object, nor had any of their departments been conducting experiments that might have produced such phenomena. In the opinion of the investigating officer, Mr. [redacted] has attempted to perpetrate a hoax or was under the influence of some abnormal or hallucinatory experience. As an additional comment, Mr. [redacted] attempted to describe all or the flying phenomena and other phenomena which he had seen, beginning in 1955, and including phenomena which he had heard about, such as flying saucers. After one hour and a half of this exchange, the investigating officer cut his notes by saying it would be improper to draw conclusions after so poor a conversation. The investigating officer felt that this case was inappropriate to attempt investigation of the phenomena and did agree with the investigating officer.

Page 2


- page 3 -

