PROJECT 10373 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
17 Dec 66    K/0600Z

2. LOCATION
Whittier, California    (1 witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
None Stated

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
None Stated

8. PHOTOS
XX No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
XX No

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Indecipherable

17 Dec. 66
Whittier, California

Proposed reply to letter from Mrs. [redacted] dated 23 January 1967

Dear Mrs. [redacted]

Reference your recent letter describing a most unusual experience witnessed by you and your husband on the night of 17 December 1966.

To date our office has not received any other sightings which could be related to your observation. The project office at Wright-Patterson AFB has not received any other reports from the San Diego area for the night of 17 December 1966.

Request you and your husband complete the attached PFD Form 164 so that our analysts can study the technical details of your observation.

[Signature at bottom appears to read: I Safron 7 Dec 62]


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

2.

the hall towards our bedroom. As it approached-the bedroom window I could see what appeared to be reflections of a glowing fire and thought that either the electric wires were on fire or that there was a huge bonfire in the middle of our backyard. It moved to the window and looked down at the backyard. The whole yard was bathed in a brilliant orange and everything (trees etc.) looked, as it said before, as something was done then "by the reflecting fire". I looked up at the sky and there was a big orange light. I woke my husband up and told him to come and look at this thing in the sky. He got up, came to the window and as it kept saying, "What can I be?" he just kept repeating, "Oh, my God!" It seemed like we watched it for about a minute. It was stationary in the sky all that time and seemed to be quite near. There was the sound of aircraft in the distance but flying around the sky we could see no airplane and we mentioned this to one another. The light was more powerful than anything we'd ever seen but still we could not look right at it. As we watched, the light finally went out - not slowly - but still not as light as you would turn off an electric


- page 3 -

Whittier, Calif.
Jan. 23, 1967

Dear Major Quintanilla,

Having just read the article on U.F.O.
in the 8-16-66 issue of Saturday Review
thought & should tell you of the sighting
my husband & I had

On Saturday, Dec 17, 1966 around midnight
I was in the bathroom at our home preparing
for bed (the rest of the family was in bed
and asleep and the home was in darkness
except for the bathroom light) when &
heard two noises just a minute or two apart
and they sounded to me like lumber being
dropped from a truck - the way of it etc. the
ground with a slop. We were in the process
of re-doing our back yard - post, decking,
new fences etc. so we had lots of building
materials in our backyard. I thought to
myself - that someone must be in our back-
yard and I that I would look out our bedroom
window (2nd story) and check before going to
end. I turned out the bathroom light - making
the house completely dark, and walked through


- page 4 -

Hello. All that was left was what looked exactly like a star and it began to move. We stayed at the window and watched it (we were still) as it moved towards the lights of Los Angeles in the distance and then went out of sight.

The next day and evening we checked with several neighbors and no one else had seen anything unusual. Our neighbors said that there had been several sightings in San Diego the same night.

If anyone else has contacted you about seeing the something that might be would be interested in hearing about it.

Whittier, Calif. 90601


- page 5 -

