PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
29 July 65 29/0205Z

2. LOCATION
Aguada, Puerto Rico

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Circled & Hovered

8. PHOTOS
[X] Yes   Photo showed
[ ] No    no image

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Visual: Aircraft (HELO)
Photo: No Image

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Brilliant object observed on Western horizon moved north, made a semi-circle turn moving to the South. Dimmed to orange color. Observed twice in the past two months. Took pictures.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
If didn't disappear and I watched it until it was seen 30 more beneath the trees.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (no)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (no)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:
Mist density fog surrounded it upon acceleration.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - It made a humming sound when rushed away
b. Color - Couldn't see it at night, only Dark out line + orange light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick of arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Around three match heads for the orange light

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about its trail or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The document includes several hand-drawn sketches at the bottom of the page]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 3600 miles/hr

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 200 meters

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. in an airplane (type)
e. at sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. in the business section of a city?
b. in the residential section of a city?
c. in open countryside?
d. Near an airfield? 10 miles of Ramey AFB
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other one miles Radar Receiver
h. Aquada, P.R.

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at this time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ________miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other Mixed eye

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
With are sent to the sky in Fiesta Pi. e in my home town. They inflate the balloon with fire & smoke
The balloon is covered with light paper.


- page 3 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? only one
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[Partially illegible handwritten text, but appears to include: 3/62, Aguada, PR]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw this object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Names and addresses are blacked out, but partially visible text includes:]
a neighbor - Francisco Nora - Aguada, PR
my kids

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Last Name and First Name blacked out]
ADDRESS [Street blacked out] Aguada   P.R.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: NO     AGE: 37     SEX: MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
I have teaching experience, some years in college education, I used to read topographical & aerial maps for the Govt. of PR. I also know some general mechanics, electricity, X-rays, navigation etc.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?
[Partially illegible, but appears to include: Washington D.C.]


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

There is a report of a similar object flying over Quebradillas, PR. This report appeared in a news paper having the same St. Nicols edition as July 31, 1965. The article reported the object I digitally published. They will give the information - El Mundo, San Juan, Puerto Rico.

Quebradillas, PR is about the same distance to Ramey Field as I am where I saw the object. I am to the south of the Quebradillas, PR observer was to the east of Ramey.

The radar sending unit is close to Quebradillas, PR. The radar receiving unit is one km or where I was.

The letter was sent to the Defense Dept reserved no my comments as NRFB, the object described here was (I believe) was an experienced 1/30/65 object. I came so close to the object as to have a good look at the object when the object was first seen. It was a metallic speed as an helicopter it made no noise at all. The noise was heard upon acceleration from stand still suspiciously I tried to see the occupants but failed. Accelerated to a great speed.

There is a more than 5,000 acres sugar cane plantation where most live and the radar receiver have about 7,000 acres. This estimate is made at total of about 7,000 acres around this area (circumference as) there are scattered villages.

I here to have given as much information as needed to make a good evaluation.

The enclosed rule is about the May 65 observation at 2:40 a.m. The object was 100 feet or in the right time range - not enough light to provide an image I believe. After 2 years, I am sure of the facts as exposed by the kids in the day time.


- page 6 -

Text found in the document:

FTD (TD-
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

Aguadaa, P.R.

Page 3 (in top right corner)


- page 7 -

Photograph missing
23 Jan 75


- page 8 -

Mrs. Hunt/man/SATOIC/72842/27 Sep 65

SEP 28 1965

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in reply to your unidentified flying object report.

The object you sighted was not depicted on the negatives which you forwarded with your report.

The direction and flight of the object which you observed are consistent with those of an aircraft observation. It is possible that a military Air Force Base was operating in the area at the time.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Aquada, Puerto Rico

[Handwritten notes and additional markings at bottom of document]


- page 9 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, Aquada, Puerto Rico

TO: Hq USAF SAFDICC (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

1. Reference the attached unidentified object report from ______. We are returning his negatives. No image as depicted in his letter was noted on the film.

2. The direction and flight is consistent with an aircraft observation. No duration for that portion of the flight which was hovering was included. Total duration was fifteen minutes. It is possible that a helicopter from Ramey AFB was operating in the area at the time. No data was presented to indicate that the sighting could not have been an aircraft (helicopter).

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

2 Atchs
1. UFO rpt fm
2. Negatives

SEP 17 1965


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

FTD (TDSW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
24 August 1965

Aguada, Puerto Rico

Dear Mr [redacted]

Your letter to the Army has been forwarded to the Air Force, the government agency which investigated this unidentified flying objects. The Air Force is indeed interested in observations of this nature.

In order for us to evaluate your sighting it is requested that you fill out the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. We would also appreciate the original negatives of the photo you took of the unidentified object. These will be returned to you upon completion of our analysis.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

2

Aquada, P.R.
7/29/65

Dept. of the Army
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

I want to report to you, both the visual observations with I and my relatives made of a strange object moving thru the space at night.

7/28/65 a brilliant object appeared in the Western horizon that to move toward north then made a semi-circle form it moved to the south keeping a southern direction, the time was exactly 10:05 am. The object dimmed the brilliant light to a reddish orange one when it reached scorpion constellation exactly in the star called Antares. The house lights flickered and I noted something that looked as a meteor shower thru the atmosphere.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

I have seen this object twice in about two months intervals. The first time I took some four pictures but I am afraid they won't show anything. I have not developed them yet. The pictures were taken with a 35.00 camera "snapshots" as I believe not enough light enters the film in the night time. I wish to have a good night camera for my eyes are now familiarized with these objects.

I know this object was not a satellite because satellites follow a straight line path. This one described a semi-circle. Satellites don't deem this one deemed and there were no clouds in the area.

For more information if interested please contact me.

Yours truly,
P.D.

I live about 5 miles of Ramey A.F.B. so I can distinguish conventional aircraft from something unusual.


- page 13 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
20   July   1965
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:   10   :   10
                 Hour   Minutes
(Circle One)   A.M.   or   P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One)   a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

(Circle One)   a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Bo. Tabonal,   Aguada,   Puerto Rico
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)   15
                                 Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

5.1 How was time in sight determined?   By checking the clock

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)   a. In front of you   d. To your left
               b. In back of you    e. Overhead
               c. To your right     f. Don't remember


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

3.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

3.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
as auto lights with a poor battery - intense orange

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: I was night time & 
I observed the object like a star 
dim under it I noticed an 
oval shape of dark color 
alternating light looking at 
the realm

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 15 -

