Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
15 April 65 16/0352

2. LOCATION
Durand, Illinois, Algonquin, Illinois

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 - 8 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Northerly

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (METEOR)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Case used in UFO Documentary. One of witnesses included
director, CBS NEWS FILM.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

[ILLINOIS]
May 26, 1965

Major Quintanilla
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

I would like to call to your attention an interesting object I observed flying fairly low in the sky (at perhaps 1000 feet) within 1/4 to 1/3 of a mile from me on the night of April 15th at about 7:30 P.M. CST.

I was traveling alone east on Plum Tree Road in the Village of Barrington Hills when this brilliant white light (remind me of magnesium burning) in chemistry class days) attracted my attention. It was moving in a Northerly direction and passed over Plum Tree Road within 1/4 mile in front of my car. I turned off my car radio, dash lights, and opened the window. This object made no sound. I then proceeded on another 100 or 200 feet-watching this light all the time-and turned off my ignition switch and had lights. I could still hear no sound coming from the source of the light. This light was coming from what appeared to be an exhaust, and when I first saw it it was a full and heavy luminous-white has large in shape and dense-it was shaped like this: [drawing symbol]. (Ray) O- Blue (---White) It was an extremely brilliant white source.

After passing over Plum Tree Road, it slowed and hovered a short while, still moving 1/4 mile from me, and I continued to observe it, only this time from my open car window on my left. As I watched, the lighting dimmed down and finally completely out. During the last stages of dimming out, the light reflected on glass chair appearing to be covering some sort of lights (such as the rounded glass on our auto head lights). There was no 1/4 coming from these "lights"-only the reflection on the glass coming from the dimming exhaust. These "lights" were on each side of the source of the dimming exhaust. Because of the position of the lights, I had the feeling that the back of this object was curved. Then the object completely disappeared. Except for the reflection in the glass, I saw nothing else but the exhaust. There was a full moon night-and clouds very high in the sky. The lower sky was clear, and visibility was excellent.

I reported my observations to the Illinois State Police at Elgin that night. I did not know until yesterday that I should have notified you. If you have any further questions regarding this matter, I will be most happy to cooperate with you.

Very truly yours,
[Signature redacted]
JB


- page 2 -

Text found in the document:

Algonquin, Illinois

Major Quintanilla
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio


- page 3 -

NICAP
1536 Connecticut Ave. N.W.
Washington 6, D.C.

Durand, Ill.
RECEIVED 26 1965
Has been Sent
NICAP Report form

Dear Sirs:

I'm reporting an UFO that I saw April 15, 1965, at 7:35 pm on a farm south-east of Durand, Ill. I thought at first that I was seeing a matter because of its silence. Then I thought it is as a jet in trouble (its speed could have been that of a jet) and it was flying very low, a couple of hundred feet perhaps.

As it cleared some trees I saw dots of flame coming from behind-out, no sound. It seemed to be about a mile or less from me in the eastern sky. The best way to describe it would be with a sketch which I am enclosing. I'm not at all sure of the dark area in front of the fire jets but there definitely were the sites that were radish orange. I to moon was so bright which I think gave the whitish outline to the fire part.

I saw this object for about the count of 5 or 8 seconds then it vanished as it went back of a wooded area. I'm not a person given to "seeing things" nor having visions, but I'll have to admit that I found myself not believing my eyes on that one!

A now confirmed believer in Martians, I


- page 4 -

The text on this page is illegible. The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a grainy, low-quality texture showing what seems to be an object or shape against a textured background, but the details are not clear enough to discern specific text or precise details.


- page 5 -

M/3: SPOKE WITH DR [illegible] AMERICAN METEOR SOCIETY,
IN NARBETH, PA REGARDING ANY METEOR OBSERVATIONS HE HAD ON RECORD FOR 16 APR, 0130Z.

HE SAID HE HAD A VERY POOR OBSERVATION REPORTFROM MRS [illegible],
[illegible], DURAND, ILLINOIS. HE SAID THAT IT WAS A MIGHTY POOR OBSERVATION. IT
HAD BEEN SENT TO [illegible] AND IN TURN RECEIVED BY [illegible] LETTERS SAID
"I AM REPORTING A UFO THAT I SAW 15 APRIL at 735pm SE OF DURAND, ILLINOIS. THOUGH I
IT WAS A METEOR THEN THOUGHT IT WAS A JET ... FLYING VERY SLOW ... AS IT
CLEARED SOME TREES SAW JETS OF FLAME IN THE EASTERN SKY ... DARK AREA IN FRONT
OF FIRE ... SAW FOR ABOUT 5-8 SECONDS" Object then faded as it went back of
a wooded area. Observation of meteor was low in the Eastern Sky. Dr [illegible]
said this was a meteor observation from all information contained in her letter.

Her letter also contained a sketch of the meteor. He said it wasn't a good
sketch but then when people who are not familiar with this type of observation
do not make very good reports and sketches. [illegible] said that he would send
this report to us for reproduction and then we could return it to him, time was
no hurry in returning it though, he said. He said usually he does not receive
reports for several months after an observation was made. Said the letter from
Mrs English was not dated, he said the date of the letter is helpful a lot of
times and just doesn't understand why more people don't date there letters.


- page 6 -

FTD (TDEN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
3 June 1965

[Recipient's address is redacted]

Dear [Recipient's name is redacted]:

Reference our request for meteor reports on the night of 15 Apr 65. Pursuant to your forwarding the attached report for our information, and are returning it as requested. If you do obtain additional reports for that night we would like them and would return them to you after duplication.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena

1 Atch
Rpt fm Mrs Sighting 15 Apr 65, Durand, Ill


- page 7 -

UNIVERSITY of PENNSYLVANIA
PHILADELPHIA 4

Flower and Cook Observatory

A more Act 11-4 report on Sighting of 1965 April 15 has come from Mr. [redacted]
7:70 p.m. CST from SW of Durand Ill. This is abstracted as follows:

Parallel path in sky; small rough disc. Given elevation 25°
Very rough horizontal disc. Gives starting point 22° west of north, and much
less certainly and at NE ( another interpretation would give it 25° further
to north.

In sight 5 to 7 seconds
It started south of Moon - started and ended behind trees
Estimate of size interpreting: about 1/30 width on or 2°
Was standing in yard

Elevation in third year of college
Sky clear in both of object; some clouds else bare

Abstracted by: [redacted]

1965 June 5

DO NOT RETURN !

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page are illegible]


- page 8 -

UNIVERSITY of PENNSYLVANIA
PHILADELPHIA 4

Flower and Cook Observatory
Major Nestor Quintanilla, Jr.
Clark, Aerial Phenomena Branch.
Wright-Patterson, AFS, Ohio.

Dear Major Quintanilla:

1955-8-21

Those I am unable to find your letter at the moment, or recollection is ch. you were on for reports on the Oneill Field of April 15. I was able, if I remember, to send you one by a/late.

Today is Saturday & I hope on another week to send you the new way we're world. In my view, after you have read it, please return for our files.

Under separate cover I am mailing you copies of the last two of my publications on meteors, namely P.O.S. Vol.65 No.2 & A.J. Vol.61 No.1 early Morley late Osiris.

Your assistance connection with the A.M.S. is appreciated.

Sincerely,

[Signature lines are redacted/blacked out]

NARBERTH, PA


- page 9 -

Date: April 15, 1965
Time: About 7:30 p.m. CST
Place: Pecatonica, Illinois (15 miles west of Rockford, Ill)
Witnesses: [names redacted]
Interviewer: Gary A. Loheide, Industrial Art Instructor, C.U. 321, Pecatonica, Illinois

Thursday evening, April 15, 5 students were playing basketball at the Brees residence in Pecatonica. The sun had just gone down and it was beginning to get quite dark. Around 7:30 p.m., a bri it object appeared at to 2 miles to the northwest. It was moving from north to northwest. It was observed for about four seconds by the 5 high school students mentioned above. The object was described with a light green color near the center and darker at the edges. Its size was about that of a full moon. The moon was visible at the same time. Clouds in the NCS sky. The object seemed to disappear in the air, as rapidly as it had appeared.

The attached sketch was drawn by [name redacted] and confirmed by [name redacted].


- page 10 -

This case contains 1, 7x10" photo (6ta drawing) and 2, 4x5" negatives.


- page 11 -

Mrs Hunt/SAFCICC/7284c/10 Jun 65

Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

Reference is made to your recent letter relating an observation of an unusual object which you could not identify.

Since your letter did not contain sufficient information for evaluation, it is requested that statement FTD Form 164 be completed as fully as possible and returned to this office.

Sincerely,

1 Atch
FTD Form 164
[Location redacted]
Algonquin, Illinois


- page 12 -

UFO Sighting, 15 Apr 65, Near Algonquin, Illinois

Hq USAF SAFOI-CC (New Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

Reference the attached letter from Mrs [redacted] requesting information on an unidentified observation of hers on the night of 15 Apr 65. Her letter did not contain sufficient information for evaluation. Therefore, request your office forward Mrs [redacted] on Form 164 to fill out, specifically request that portion pertaining to the hovering and duration of sighting be obtained.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

1 Atch
Ltr, 26 May 65


- page 13 -

