PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
2 August 65 02/0515Z

2. LOCATION
Auburn, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Appeared as a round, orange object similar to a landing light
on a plane. No sound. Object appeared to travel in a close-
shaped pattern. At into revealed in a different location. Appeared to hover in one location. Viewed
thru telescope. Appeared to have a zig-zag motion up and
down.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1½ hours

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual (GV)

7. COURSE
Hovered

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

LETTER SAYS OBJ IN NORTH, NEW SECTION EAST
OTHER DATA CONFIRMED.

FORM
FTD SEP 60 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
IT DISAPPEARED, ALT TURNED (AWAY) UNCLEAR

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ___
b. Color LIGHT YELLOW

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
MOST OF LIGHT WOULD BE COVERED, BUT YOU
COULD STILL SEE IT.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A small sketch of an object is present, with an arrow indicating its direction]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East            e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast       f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No         e. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No         f. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No         g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No         h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text in response, partially legible: "Landing Lights on Plane" and some additional words that are not fully clear]


- page 3 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ___________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
N/O

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Myron Smith Jr. 13 Boston St. Auburn, NY
Alan Smith 4th
Arthur Smith 4th
Thomas Walkin 616 Dorchester St. Middlesex, Kentucky
Barbara

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Auburn [redacted] New York
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 22   SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
2 November 1965
Radio Announcer Smith WMBZ Robert, NY The Citizen Type Inc.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 26 January 1965

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

During the object's flight the object took three sharp turns within increasing or decreasing it's speed throughout the sighting. The path it took was like a slow shape, not repeating it's rotational origin.


- page 6 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 16 August 65 17/0330Z
2. LOCATION: Auburn, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Maneuvered
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Flight and description in accord with a/c evaluation
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: One white light about the intensity of VENUS. Flight from East to West. Flight in slight zig-zag pattern. Headed south and then went back toward the East. Instead of disappearing over the horizon the object climbed into space. Clear night, no clouds. One white light, no red or green light. No sound.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

17/632-P                                                16 AUG 1965

Mrs. [redacted]
Auburn, New York 13021                                  August 17, 1965

Unidentified Flying Objects
USAF
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

Last night while taking in the sky above our home and I thought I should relate it to you.

There was one white light, about the intensity of Venus in the winter sky. It moved across the sky from the east to the west. I didn't travel in a straight line, but rather in sort of a slightly zig-zag pattern. Then it went south slightly and then came back. It was more than a plane. Instead of disappearing over the horizon as most flying objects of my experience, it just went further away in the same area. In the east it was quite a night and there were two lights. The flying object had one white light and no red or green lights. It was a very clear night and we could see quite clearly.

We saw this about 10:30 while we were out walking.
The area around us was quite open and we can see for miles.

Sincerely,
[signature redacted]


- page 8 -

TDSTR

Request for UFO Information

Hq USAF SAFPOIC (Mrs. Hunt)

Reference the attached letter from [redacted] requesting information on his observation of 2 August 1966. The sighting at Auburn, New York was an evaluated as insufficient data. Time-motion sequence was omitted, his letter said the object was in the north and his log said object was in the east. Therefore, it is carried as insufficient data.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WARREN S. WHEELER, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology & Subsystems

1 Atch
Ltr.

COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR: (W. F. Merle & DATED 5 Aug 66
TDSTR MAJ H QUINTANILLA JR
TDSTR                     DATED 8 Aug 66

Hynes will follow when he speaks in Auburn on Nov. 4, 1967

Hynes has tape made on Nov. 8, 1967 - much conference
- about 30 witnesses - reporting in reports but a
+ poor reporting incident cannot be sensed. Trigger
sensed. Trigger incident cannot be worked out. Donovan on site for week

Not of this sighting - but of Newfield sighting of Oct 25-26, 1967


- page 9 -

Dear Major,

I wish to know if possible, how the sighting at the Auburn, New York sighting of August 26, 52 and when I was stationed.

Also, if I had known before had would have already put it in a letter, that I talked of cars in a person good and his friend told him that on the night of August 26 saw the same thing we saw out at the no one because of embarrassment but the night after the sighting my father was noticing the same object flying between here and Syracuse through his telescope.

Sincerely,

[Name redacted]


- page 10 -

Text found in the document:

NO RECORD
CMR #2
AUG 3 - 1966

Major Hector Quintanilla Jr.
Wright-Patterson AFB,
Ohio 45433

There is also a postmark stamp for Auburn, NY dated AUG 3 1966 with wavy cancellation lines.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
17 January 66

Mr. [redacted]
Auburn, New York

Dear [redacted]

Reference your unidentified observation of 2 August 55. The information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 12 -

Dear Sirs:

I am writing and I received
from Congressman Stratton, Ireat
I put that said so with me to
your above and incense want to
know or we have to see.

First - would I be able
if you have and let me the path
second by across draw your Mappy
believe I am most welcome now
- Paris,

Also I have seen and last
expect in Auburn with the ground
was think you know that we here
- complied!

On Sunday night August 1 1965
around 12:15 spotted a round or square
object in the with was another
- speed was more or less and
at a high inside a
- 8:50 to 9:10 pm


- page 13 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

It seemed to sit in a shaped pattern and one might say it was stationary - would stop and hover and move over a certain spot - some distance away.

When it moved in arc span it seemed to go down 45° at all right angles making a low dip. was not about 130 for a total of a little over an hour.

I was not clearly that night and was other than something could be seen.

Witnesses were:

[Several lines are blacked out]

Me
- inside
Brother
-

Mr. and Mrs. [blacked out]

[The bottom of the page appears to continue but is mostly illegible or blacked out]


- page 14 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Partially illegible date, appears to be August 1965]

2. Time of day: [Blank]
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern-
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Location is] Auburn, New York

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
1 [possibly 30] Hours Minutes Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? [Illegible]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes [checked] No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To your right
c. To your left

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 15 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
B HEAD LIGHT OR CAR AT A DISTANCE

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 16 -

