Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
2 May 65 03/0252

2. LOCATION
College Park, Georgia

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
SATELLITE
Report characteristic of Satellite reported observation. Duration
and degrees of arc through which object passed consistent with
satellite evaluation.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Satellite light passing through 30 deg of arc heading SE.
Initial impression was that object was ECHO I.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Minutes, 30 Sec.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
SE

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

APPENDIX III

Page 287

[The rest of the text is mostly illegible due to the low quality of the scanned document. There appears to be a form with an oval shape drawn on it and some lines, but the specific details cannot be clearly read.]


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

250
FLYING SAUCERS FROM OUTER SPACE

[The rest of the text is too illegible to confidently transcribe due to the low image quality and poor contrast.]

The page contains two illustrations/diagrams, one at the top showing what appears to be a curved trajectory or arc, and two smaller circular illustrations at the bottom, one of which has the word "forced out" partially visible.


- page 3 -

APPENDIX III                 289

[The rest of the text on the form is mostly illegible due to low image quality, with only partial words and fragments visible. The document appears to be a standard form with multiple numbered sections, but the specific details cannot be clearly read.]


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

FLYING SAUCERS FROM OUTER SPACE

[Most of the form is obscured or blacked out, but I can make out the following:]

TELEPHONE: Smithing Gross
SEX: Male

[The page number 5 is visible in the bottom right corner]

The rest of the text on the form is either blacked out or too illegible to read with confidence.


- page 5 -

APPENDIX III                 231

[The image shows a form with several sections, with some text partially visible. The location "College Park, Georgia" is written on the form.]

The visible text includes:

Page 7

[Partially visible form sections with numbered questions, but most text is not clearly legible]

The page number 231 is visible at the top right of the document, and "APPENDIX III" is at the top left.


- page 6 -

August 3rd, 1965

Dear Sirs,

You may think a 23 year old boy like I am does not know anything about the UFO investigations. Maybe so, but I have read most of Major Keyhoe's book on the subject and have taken a special interest about the UFO's.

On the night of May 2nd, 1965 a friend of mine and myself were walking from my friend's house (his name) to a service station to get a couple of cokes when about halfway down the road when I spotted what I first thought was Echo II or I. This thought I quickly, for I have observed them both and their speed was nothing to match with what we saw.

We both agreed that no airplane or jets could fly this fast at this altitude. (9E was so very high we first thought the object was a star)

Our heads were moving with the object to keep up with it.

We saw no vapor trails, wings or any other definite shapes. There were no sounds to be heard.


- page 7 -

all was quiet. We both watched and discussed it as long as it was in sight. There were no sudden turns or burst of speed. For about two and one half minutes, we watched it till it disappeared behind a small cloud, while we were waiting for it to come from behind the other side of the cloud we discussed if it could have been a meteorite, but even I knew a meteorite arches down and does not rise, however the object did not reappear. It moved from southwest to southeast.

P.S.
We were not imagining things.
It was the last day of school and we were well. The last thing we could have thought about was "Flying Saucer."

I have enclosed a questionnaire from the book "Flying Saucers From Outer Space" and a photograph from the paper which looks exactly like the object we both saw. ( [redacted] and I have 20-20 vision).


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

2 May 65

Mrs Hunt/mean/SAFOICO/T2842/3 Sep 65

SEP -7 1965

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in reply to your report of an aerial object which you were unable to identify.

Your sighting on the night of 2 May 1965 is characteristic of many sightings of unidentified flying objects. You indicated that object passed through about thirty degrees of arc before being lost to view. We have carefully analyzed the information you submitted with the speed of a satellite.

We have checked the Balt. and Fgures schedules. Your sighting was plotted on our grid charts. It is only plain that I was at 96.7 and was able to plot three objects were moving in a southwesterly direction the direction which you mentioned. These were then their ability was metallic and moments visible to the naked eye.

The books by Donald Keyhoe are considered to be science fiction by the Air Force.

I am enclosing a report on Project Blue Book, the Air Force project on unidentified flying objects. This report depicts the measurement.

[Signature block partially filled out]
COORDINATED BY: Office Symbol: Name: Guide Date:
SAF-010-C SAF-070

JUNE P. SPAULDING
1st Indorsement
Chief, Civil Branch
Casualty Notification Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
Blue Book Report

Mr. [redacted]
College Park, Georgia

[Endorsement stamps at bottom]
Coord cy - SAFO1-2
Combat cy - SAFO1-2
Reader cy - SAFO1-1
Activity cy - SAFO1-2
Stayback cy - SAFO1-2


- page 9 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Mrs Hunt/mem/SAFOI/CC/7284/2/3 Sep'65

SEP 27 1965

[Most of the main body text is too blurry/low contrast to read clearly]

1 Inch
Blue Book Report

College Park, Georgia

At bottom right corner:
Coord by: SAFOI-2
Comm by: SAFOI-1
Render by: SAFOI-1
Activity by: SAFOI-1
Stayback


- page 10 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDESN

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, College Park, Georgia, 2 May 1965

TO: Hq USAF SAFOTCC (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

27 AUG 1965

This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report
from I, College Park, Georgia.
The following is a suggested reply:

a. Dear Mr [redacted]

The sighting on the night of 2 May 1965 is characteristic
of a satellite observation. In your diagram you indicate that the
object passed through about thirty degrees of arc before being
obscured by a cloud. The duration, reported as 2 minutes 30 seconds,
is about the span of satellites.

We have checked the Echo and Pegasus schedules and your
sighting occurred midway between the passage of Pegasus I at 8:40 pm
Echo I at 8:44 pm and Echo II at 9:45 pm. These objects were heading
in a southeasterly direction, the direction which you reported.
There are more than thirty satellites and satellite components visible to the naked eye.

We agree that the object could not have been a meteorite
because of the reported duration.

The attached brochure depicts the results of the Air Force
program on the subject of unidentified flying objects.

The Air Force regards the books by Donald E Keyhoe on
flying saucers as science fiction.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONGE, USAF
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 11 -

What is it?

This is a photo of an un-
identified flying object
taken by television news-
man Bob Campbell in
Sherman, Texas. Objects
have been reported in
Texas, Oklahoma and
Nebraska.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

College Park, Georgia
Aug. 3, 1965

DEPARTMENT of Defense
Office of Public Information
WASHINGTON 25, DC

There is also a postmark stamp visible in the upper right corner of the document.


- page 13 -

226   FLYING SAUCERS FROM OUTER SPACE

Page 1

[The rest of the text is from a standard Project Blue Book UFO reporting form with various questions and checkboxes, but the specific details of the checked/filled-in responses are not clearly legible in this scanned image.]

The form appears to have sections for:
- Time of sighting
- Location details
- Observations about the object's appearance and movement
- Various yes/no questions about the sighting

The header of the form is titled "FLYING SAUCERS FROM OUTER SPACE" and the page is labeled as "Page 1".


- page 14 -

Appendix III

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

The questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U. S. Air Force as much
information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object you have observed.
Please answer as many questions as you can. Your cooperation will be appreciated. If
you do not have the answer to a question, or if it does not apply in this case, simply
leave it blank. Please print or write legibly.

1. When did you see the object? 65 2. Time of day? 9:45 PM
(Circle Date)                    (Circle Time)

3. Where were you? College Park, Georgia

4. How long was the object in sight? (Blank)

5. What was the shape of the object? (Blank)

6. If you took a photograph or motion picture, what type of camera was used? (Blank)

Handwritten notes at the top of the page appear to read: "Aug 2, 1965, hrs. 5e. Rec'd 7. Msg 2 945 pm, 5e. End II."


- page 15 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

228    FLYING SAUCERS FROM OUTER SPACE

[The rest of the text in the form is mostly illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. There appears to be a form with multiple sections and numbered fields, but the specific text within those fields cannot be clearly discerned.]


- page 16 -

