Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
30 January 65 30/1000Z

2. LOCATION
La Selva Beach, California

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A     2 Hours

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
N/A

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
UNRELIABLE REPORT

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Alleged landing of spacecraft and contact with individuals of the ship. Entered ship and took ride. Ride and contact consumed 2 hours.

COMMENTS: Conclusion of investigating official. "Not a valid UFO contact but rather an attempt to get the Air Force involved in order to land authentically to the story. Witness plans to write book or magazine article about alleged experiences."

FORM
FTD SEP 83 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Sketch By
La Selva Beach, Calif.
2-7-65

Sketch of Lower
Floor

O This is where Gentleman
was 1-16-65
C = Indicates Chairs


- page 2 -

SAUCER NEWS
OFFICIAL PUBLICATION OF THE SAUCER AND UNEXPLAINED CELESTIAL EVENTS RESEARCH SOCIETY

MAILING ADDRESS: P.O. BOX 163, FORT LEE, N.J.
OFFICE: 308 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORK, N. Y.
TELEPHONE: MURRAY HILL 6-3743

EDITOR:
JAMES W. MOSELEY

NON-SCHEDULED NEWSLETTER #22
March 10th, 1965

WE REGRET TO ANNOUNCE the recent death of Manon Darlaine of Hollywood, California. Born in France, Madam Darlaine was a long-time researcher into flying saucers, psychic phenomena, and other related mysteries. Her voluminous files go back for many years, and she was keenly interested in the mysterious goings-on in the Los Angeles area in the early 1950's, notably the disappearance of saucer researchers Hunrath and Wilkinson. Her interest in UFOs continued, though her health failed in recent years, and she was seen regularly at the annual Giant Rock conventions. Your Editor met her several times, corresponded regularly, and considered her a close personal friend.

NEW "CONTACTEE" STORY: On February 11th, a Watsonville, California television repairman named Sid Padrick told newsmen recently that he took a ride in a flying saucer at 2 a.m. one night the previous month. Padrick claimed that he was invited aboard with the assurance that the nine-man crew was "absolutely not hostile," and that he found the craft perched near a hillside near his home. The crew contacted him through a light source and that they, "known to the space people." The commander of the craft also told him that they have been here before and that they are visiting us on an exploratory trip of some sort, though Padrick feels that they have other peaceful motives, as well.

In detail, his report of the adventure was made to Major D. B. Reeder at Hamilton Air Force Base, and the data forwarded to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio, as is the routine procedure in UFO cases. More details on this incident will appear in our forthcoming June issue of SAUCER NEWS.

SAUCER FLAP IN VIRGINIA CONTINUES: Clippings are still pouring into our offices regarding the saucer flap which began in Virginia last December, and which extended at least through the end of January.

On the night of January 25th, several people watched a twinkling object, shaped like a pie plate and looking like a spinning top, which bobbed up and down at very low altitude over the Rappahannock River, at Fredericksburg, Va. The object was observed for a period of ten minutes.

Another sighting was made the same night at the foot of a mountain near Marion, Va. This UFO had sparks flying from it, and was heard to explode with a "cracking" sound. A few seconds later, something rose up from the explosion near Marion. A small fire resulting from the explosion was put out by forestry officials, but apparently no physical evidence was found.

(See Reverse)


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(Page Two)

At Wallops Station, Va., one of America's NASA rocket launching facilities, a NASA engineer and others observed a UFO on January 5th, at 6 p.m. The engineers, named Dempsey Burton, described it as a bright object shooting up from the southwest horizon. It appeared about one fourth the size of the moon; was yellowish-orange in color; and traveled from the horizon to directly overhead in just a few seconds. Burton added that the mysterious object looked "like an oversized comet without a tail." The Air Force is investigating the incident as well as another previously unpublished UFO sighting which took place at Wallops Station back in October of 1964.

Finally, we have a report from Staunton - scene of several previous UFO incidents - with a story of seven teenagers who saw and later photographed little man from outer space. This story has all the earmarks of a hoax to us, but we give it to you for what it is worth: Steven Houffer, 16, was driving on U.S. Route 250 with several friends when he saw a suspicious-looking man near the side of the road. He stopped the car and chased the individual until he was joined by two others, all about 3½ feet in stature. They were allegedly wearing one-piece, skin-tight garments that were silver in color. Later Houffer went to a nearby barn with a photographer, where a color picture of the little man was taken. Just how they knew the creature was in the barn is not clear, nor had the picture been developed at last report.

SAUCER FLAP IN ALASKA: On the night of January 27th, dozens of residents of Anchorage, Alaska, contacted local police and newspapers in concern over a multicolored flickering UFO which hovered near the city. Dr. William C. Langworthy, assistant professor of chemistry at Alaska Methodist University, trained a 100-power telescope on the object and concluded that it was "nodder than anything I've seen before." The professor stated that although smaller than Jupiter in apparent size, the unknown object cast off more light than does that planet. Whatever the object was, it apparently stayed beyond the range of our radar, according to an Air Force spokesman, who said the incident was under investigation.

Many other sightings were made the previous night, including one by Mrs. Ed Ray of Anchorage. She was sitting in her living room with the family when she saw an extremely bright light "with the intensity of an arc light" shining through one of the house's large windows. The frightening event was accompanied by a buzzing sound, which turned into an explosion a few seconds later. The whole family observed that the light was coming down through the trees from above, and for a few moments, just before the explosion, it shined into the living room with blinding intensity.

These Newlsetters are non-scheduled, and are issued only as often as worthwhile material is available. The present one is intended as a supplement to SAUCER NEWS #59, dated March, 1965.

IMPORTANT NOTICE: In order to simplify our files, we always have all News-letter subscriptions begin and end at the same time for all subscribers. This means that whether you joined the Newsletter mailing list recently or long ago, your subscription ends with the present issue. The renewal price is one dollar, which will put you on the mailing list for another indefinite period of time, during which another 4 or 5 Newsletters will be issued. If, however, you have already sent us a dollar for this forthcoming group of Newsletters, then you owe nothing at this time.


- page 4 -

No Case (Information Only)
Source: Saucer News,
18.

RECENT NEWS
NEW "CONTACTEE" STORY IN CALIFORNIA As reported in our non-sched-
uled Newsletter #22, a television repairman named Sid
Paddick told newspaper reporters last February 11th that he
was driving a car near Hillside at 2 a.m. one night. The Paddick claimed that he
came upon a "nine-man saucer" with an "abundance that the nine-man craft was absolutely not
hostile," and that he found the craft perched on a hillside near his home. The
contact was vague about some aspects of the trip, but he did say that the crew
looked like normal human beings of average height, and that the ship's motive
power was unknown to him. The craft was reportedly "transferred through a light source
power." Paddick claimed that the Space People also told him that they are known
to the Space People and that they are visiting us on an exploratory
mission of some sort, though Paddick feels that they have other peaceful mo-
tives.

Paddick claimed that the Air Force had asked him not to discuss
the incident in detail. His report of the adventure was made to Major D. B.
Wright-Patterson Field in Dayton, Ohio, as is the usual procedure for UFO
cases. We still have no report on what conclusions, if any, were made by the
Air Force.


- page 5 -

January 30, 1965 -- Manresa Beach, California--Television

Repairman Sid Tadrick reported the landing of a 'spacecraft' on a hillside near his beach home and a broken conversation with a nine-man crew of outer-space visitors. SOURCE: San Francisco News Call Bull.


- page 6 -

HEADQUARTERS
HAMILTON AIR FORCE BASE and 78TH COMBAT SUPPORT GROUP
United States Air Force
Hamilton Air Force Base, California 94935

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: SGCEX
SUBJECT:   Unidentified Flying Object Report                     23 Feb 1965

TO:        AFSC (FTD)
            Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

The attached report is submitted in accordance with paragraph 
13b, AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of] GEORGE R. METTEY
             Major, USAF
             Executive

1 Atch
Ltr 78 CSC, SGOTN-BO,
10 Feb 65, Unidentified
Flying Object (UFO)


- page 7 -

Ltr, 78 Cmbt Spt Gp (SGCMN-DO), 10 Feb 65, Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

1st Ind (SGCMN) 19 February 1965

Hq HAFB & 78 Cmbt Spt Gp, Hamilton AFB, California

TO: SGCCR

Recommend this report be forwarded without further investigation by this organization.

EDWARD O. WILLEFORD
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Base Operations
and Training Division

1 Atch
n/c

5


- page 8 -

HEADQUARTERS
HAMILTON AIR FORCE BASE and 78TH COMBAT SUPPORT GROUP
United States Air Force
Hamilton Air Force Base, California 94935

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: SCOWR-BO

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)                    10 February 1965

TO: SCOWR
     SGGCR
     IN TURN

1. In accordance with 78th Fighter Wing Supplement # to AFR 200-2, 
the following preliminary report concerning an alleged UFO sighting 
is submitted.

2. At 1140L on 4 February, M---------, Airman from the Air Force 
La Selva Beach, Santa Cruz County, California, called the Air Force 
called the Airman Officer and notified him that he had seen a 
space craft land in close proximity to his place of residence at 
0200L on 30 January 1965. He stated that he had information 
that might be of interest to the Air Force but would not give any 
further details over the telephone.

3. After repeated attempts to contact M---------, by telephone on 4, 5, 
and 6 February 1965, an appointment was made by me to interview him 
at his home at 1100L on 8 February 1965.

4. I met me at the appointed time when I landed at the Watsonville 
Airport which is located about 5 miles from his home. He introduced me 
to M--------, a member of the local press, who stated that he had 
seen the Air Force C-47 in the traffic pattern and had stopped by out 
of curiosity. He asked me some leading questions about the purpose of my visit to see M------- and I referred him to the Hamilton 
Information Office.

5. M------- drove me to a spot on the beach about 2 blocks from his 
home where he said the space craft had landed and related the following 
story to me:

a. He often awakes early in the morning and can't go back to sleep 
so works his ham radio or takes walks on the beach. Between 0155H 
and 0230H on 30 January 1965 he was walking on the beach when he heard a 
steady but not loud noise that got increasingly louder as he listened. 
He then noticed the space craft at about 30° above the horizon on a 
heading of 220° from his position and it appeared to be moving slowly 
toward him and descending. The craft had no external lights and seemed 
to be about 50 feet wide and 30 feet high as it ultimately hovered

Acted 1


- page 9 -

over the beach at about 1 to 2 feet of altitude. At this time the sky was clear with good visibility and no moon. The wind was light to calm. The space craft was of neutral color.

b. He was frightened (████ stated frequently throughout the interview that he was "real scared" at all times during his experience) and ran about 150 feet toward his house but stopped when a male voice from the space ship said, "Do not be frightened - we are not hostile." This voice had perfect clarity, no accent, and talked very slowly.

c. As the craft hovered close to the ground, there was a large flash which lit up the entire country side but there was no associated noise. The voice emitting from the craft said, "You may come aboard - we assure you of no harm", so he (████) overcame some of his fear because of curiosity and went aboard the craft through a sliding hatch that closed behind him when he entered.

d. The compartment he entered was about 6 by 8 feet and was illuminated by very bright blue-white indirect lighting. The voice said, "Relax - you may come in," and a sliding door opened into another compartment. He entered and saw a man (owner of the voice) who said, "Please follow me - you may not touch anything in this craft without my permission."

e. The space man looked like a perfect human specimen. He was very erect and straight, of stature, 5'9" tall, 145-150 pounds, clear skin, no wrinkles or blemishes on face, perfect fingernails and teeth, and had dark hair long on top. He was dressed in a very tight, 2 piece suit of a silky white color.

f. The spaceman invited him to ask questions and so he proceeded to ask the following questions:

(1) Q. How did you evade our radar? A. The hull of our space craft absorbs energy and will not allow a reflection or harmful penetration.

(2) Q. How is your ship constructed, what is your speed, what communications do you have? A. No answer.

(3) Q. Where are you from? A. Our home is on the other side of a planet which you can observe from earth.

(4) Q. Are you human? A. Yes, we are human, but not your type.

(5) Q. Do you live like us? A. We live in a similar manner to you but we are much more respectful to the Supreme.

2


- page 10 -

(6) Q. How far is your home from us? A. We are not in terms
of miles or days. We operate in terms of light.

(7) Q. How long did it take you to get here? A. Many lights.

(8) Q. Have you been here before? A. Yes, to this planet.

(9) Q. Why are you here? A. For exploratory purposes only.

(10) Q. Have you ever been attacked? A. No, not this craft.

(11) Q. Are you alone? A. No, look out this special window
and you will see our navigation craft. (This navigation craft was
observed to be a long distance away and high in the sky and looked
like the one he was in.)

(12) Q. Do you have means of attacking anyone? A. No, not
this craft but the navigation craft can counter attack from many lights
away.

(13) Q. How did you pick me for this experience? A. We did
not pick you. It was your choice. You are the first person ever to
come aboard this ship. We have invited many before but they were
frightened away.

(14) Q. If I were a scientist could I have learned more?
A. No.

(15) Q. Have you ever tried to communicate with the countries
on earth? A. No, all nations have a tendency to attack unknown objects
without warning.

(15) Q. Will I ever see you again? A. We will return but
will be undetected because we know the movements of your ships and
aircraft and we always come by darkness or cloud cover. We can see
small movements for many lights.

6. He was given a tour of the space craft and saw other spacemen
(one of whom he thought was a girl) aboard but did not talk to them
as the original spaceman was the only one that could speak English.
During his tour he saw various instrument panels, computers, etc. When
he and his escort entered the consultation room (chapel) in the craft
the spaceman told him that they have the same God as he but are more
loyal to him. Also that in their society there is no sickness or
disease, no police force, everyone works together, and that they must
practice strict birth control because of their long life.

h. During the time he was aboard, the space ship took off and
moved temporarily to another location but there was no sense of

3


- page 11 -

The text found in the image is:

ATCH 1

The image appears to be a hand-drawn technical sketch of a geometric shape, resembling a hexagonal or octagonal object with a pointed top and some small rectangular details on its sides.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

movement or noise during the flight. There were no loose items in the craft and everything had rounded corners and was well padded.

1. At about 0405n on 30 January 1965 the space ship deposited him back to the original landing spot. As he disembarked he felt the surface of the craft and it had a highly polished smooth feeling.

6. During the time Patrick was relating the above to me he frequently referred to type written notes and provided me with drawings of the space craft (Atch 1).

7. Mr [redacted] is 45 years of age, has a high school education, was on active duty in the Air Force during World War II and is currently a member of the Air Force Reserve. He is a private pilot with 600 flying hours and a ham radio operator (Call Sign WB6-HXP). He appears to be of above average intelligence with an excellent vocabulary and command of the English language. He is a club leader. He operates a TV and radio repair business and lives in a comfortable home and drives a new car.

8. Conclusion: Mr [redacted] alluded to the fact that he is going to write a book or magazine article about his experience with the space ship. It is my opinion that this is not a valid UFO contact but rather an attempt on Mr Patrick's part to see the Air Force involved in order to lend his story some authenticity and credibility.

9. Recommendation: That no further local investigative action be taken than this report. The forwarded direct to ARDC (HQ), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, in accordance with AFR 200-2A for their information, evaluation, and action as required.

[Signed]
DALTON B. KEENER
Major, USAF
Base Operations Officer

1 Atch
Drawings


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

WOODSHING AREA

CONSULTATION
ROOM

FULL ENCLOSED AREA

ELEVATOR

SKETCH BY
2-7-65
CALIF.

SKETCH OF SECOND
FLOOR - WE WENT ONTO
CRAFT - MEASURED TO HATCH
THIRD AREA, BUT DID NOT
ENTER


- page 14 -

