PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
13 August 65 13/0600Z

2. LOCATION
Beaver, Pennsylvania

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (STAR/PLANET)
Specific object cannot be identified. Positional data not available
Sighting characteristics of an Astro Body report.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
WX clear, full moon. Object estimated at 3/4 mile high direction uncertain. White color except when hovering at which time red and blue lights appeared and revolved in clockwise and counter clockwise directions. Circular shape. Also appeared to rise and fall. At one point a white streak of smoke was reportedly given off. Smoke shot straight up. Witness interested in UFO's.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
40 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Not Reported

8. PHOTOS
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
911TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP, MEDIUM (RESERVE)
United State Air Force
Greater Pittsburgh Airport
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15231

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: IFO
SUBJECT: UFO, Pittsburgh, Pa.

1 6 AUG 1965

TO: AFSC (PTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. Unidentified Flying Objects seen in the Pittsburgh area 13 Aug 65.
2. Reports, Photo's and General summary attached.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of Eugene V. Reher, Information Officer]

Atch
1. Observations
2. Summary
3. Photos

[Mailing stamps/labels for 911th Trp Carr Gp (Res) Greater Pittsburgh Airport, United States Air Force Official Business]


- page 2 -

13 Aug 1965                                                        Page 37

Report received 1045 hours from Mr. _______ Baden, Pa. approximately 20 miles NW of Pgh.

He was returning to the house from his garage when the sighting occurred. The sky was clear and the moon full.

As he turned up the walk, he was suddenly aware that the moon was obscured. Turning around he states that he saw a Disc Shaped Craft about 300 feet in diameter at an altitude of about 300 feet. The object was traveling almost due north at approx 50 MPH. He described the disc as being surrounded by orange lights. His guess being between 200 and 250 of them. The lights were stationary. As the UFO moved away, he noticed a blue light coming on at the bottom and the center of the UFO. As this happened, he orange lights around the circumference dimmed. Mr. _______ stated that the light at first had the appearance of a very bright white light until it was bright blue. The blue light lasted for about three seconds then went out along with the orange lights. At the same time he experienced what he said was a "shock wave." He felt a force which almost knocked him down and noticed the leaves on the trees rushing. There was no natural wind at the time.

He then ran into the house and phoned the Air Force. About 20 minutes later he experienced extremely burning of his eyes and hazy vision. Gradually he lost sight in both eyes. When he was contacted by the Investigating Officer once again at 1715 hours he had no vision in his right eye and hazy vision in his left eye. He said that the whites of his eyes had turned red. He also stated that his entire body "Sunburned" although he has a deep natural tan. The Doctor examining him said that Mr. _______ was suffering from an "Arc Welding" type burn. This would indicate the presence of ultra-violet rays. He said he has not done any welding in many months. The entire sighting took place in about 20 seconds and at the time the blue light came on, the UFO was about one half mile away. There was no sound emitted by the UFO.

13 Aug 65
Report rec'd from _______ Darson Ridge, Beaver, Pa. several miles north of Baden, Pa. The UFO was sighted 0100 - 0110 hours. Weather conditions were clear, full moon, no wind. Altitude of the UFO from one half to three quarters of a mile high. Discretion uncertain. The color was white, except when hovering, then red and blue lights appeared and revolved. First close then closer. The shape of the UFO was circular. Object seemed to rise and fall. At one point the object gave off a white streak of smoke which shot straight up. It _______ age 30, is employed as a toll collector for the Penna Turnpike Commission. He said that he has been interested in UFO's for some time. He had one previous sighting several days previous to this. He has photo's taken by someone else in the area and same were published in the local newspaper. After watching the above described UFO for 35 minutes or so he went into the house, looked for it later but it had disappeared.


- page 3 -

