PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
13 August 1965

2. LOCATION
Baden, Pennsylvania

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Other (HOAX)
No evidence to indicate burns were attributable to other than natural causes.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer said he saw a Disc shaped craft about 300 ft in diameter at an altitude of about 300 ft. The object was traveling almost due North at approx 50 MPH. He described the disc as being surrounded by orange lights. His guess being between 200 and 250 of them. The lights were stationary. As the UFO moved away, he noticed a blue light coming on at the bottom and the center of the UFO. As the light appeared, the orange lights around the circumference dimmed. Observer said he experienced what seemed to be a "shock wave", which almost knocked down and noticed the leaves on the trees rusting. There was no sound emitted by the UFO.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
"orth"

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
911TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP, MEDIUM (RESERVE)
United States Air Force
Greater Pittsburgh Airport
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15231

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: LFO
SUBJECT: UFO, Pittsburgh, Pa.

TO: AFSC (FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. Unidentified Flying Objects seen in the Pittsburgh area 13 Aug 65.
2. Reports, Photo's and General summary attached.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of Information Officer]

3 Atch
1. Observations
2. Summary
3. Photos

[A portion of the document is blacked out]


- page 2 -

13 Aug 1965

Report received 1015 hours from Mr. [redacted]                                                     page 37
Baden, Pa. approximately 20 miles NW of Pgh.

The sighting occurred, returning to the house from his garage when the sky was clear. The sky was clear and the moon full. As he turned up the walk, he was suddenly aware that the moon was obscured. Turning around he states that he saw a Disc Shaped Craft about 300 feet in diameter at an altitude of about 300 feet. The object was traveling almost due north at approx 50 MPH. He described the disc as being surrounded by orange lights. His guess being between 200 and 250 of them. The lights were stationary. As the UFO moved away, he noticed a blue light coming on at the bottom and the center of the UFO. At this happening the orange lights around the circumference dimmed.

Mr. [redacted] stated that the light at first had the appearance of being ultraviolet then got brighter until it was bright blue. The blue light lasted for about three seconds then went out along with the orange lights. At this same time he experienced what he said was a "shock wave." He felt a force which almost knocked him down and noticed the leaves on the trees rushing. There was no natural wind at the time.

He then ran into the house and phoned the Air Force. About 20 minutes later he experienced severe burning of his eyes and hazy vision. Gradually he lost sight in both eyes. When he was contacted by the Inspecting Officer once again at 1745 hours he had no vision in his right eye and hazy vision in his left eye. He said that the white of his eyes turned red. He also stated that his entire body felt "sunburned" although he has a deep natural tan. The Doctor examining him said that Mr. [redacted] was suffering from an "Aire Welgint" type burn. This would indicate the presence of ultra-violet rays. He said he has not done any welding in many months. The entire sighting took place in about 20 seconds and at the time the blue light came on, the UFO was about half mile away.

There was no sound emitted by the UFO.

13 Aug 65

Report recd from [redacted] Darson Ridge, Beaver, Pa. several miles north of Baden, Pa. The UFO was sighted 0100 - 0110 hours. Weather conditions were clear, full moon, no wind. Altitude of the UFO from one half to three quarters of a mile high. Direction uncertain. The color was white, except when hovering, then red and blue lights appeared and revolved, first clockwise then counter clockwise. The shape of the UFO was circular. Object seemed to rise and fall. At one point the object gave off a white streak of smoke about straight up.

For the Penna Turnpike Commission. He is age 30, is employed as a toll collector. He had been interested in UFO's for some time. He had one previous sighting several days previous to this. He has photos taken by someone else in the area and says were published in the local newspaper. After watching the above described UFO for 35 minutes or so he went into the house, looked for it later but it had disappeared.


- page 3 -

SUMMARY REPORTING OFFICER: The individual contacted who took photos at a previous UFO in the Beaver area is Mr. [redacted], Gypsy Glen, Brighton Type. Mr. Lucci's brother John and a friend Mr. [redacted] from Darson Ridge were also present when the photo was taken. The negative was given to the Beaver Valley Times and an article and the photo were released to the public by the Beaver Valley Times. Mr. [redacted] does not wish to give the negative to this Air Force at this time. Mr. [redacted] was at Yashila 635, Twin lens reflex f3.5, 80mm blue coated, Copal MXV lens, 120 film, 21 Lumens Rapid, f/5.6 cm. Developed in Detroit, 76 solution. The individual taking the picture has a dark room at his residence. The lens was open six to eight seconds and the camera took the picture from a tripod. At the time the UFO appeared, Mr. [redacted] was taking pictures of the moon. That was his original intention.


- page 4 -

29 Aug 65

Report of UFO received from Mrs.
Drive, Pitcairn, Pal. 15140, (Tel.
observed a white disc shaped object at 1050 hours moving
across the sky. There was just one object which was round
and seemed larger than commercial planes which fly over the
area, about the size of a half dollar, moving very fast,
SW NE. There was no sound. Object was seen when Mrs.
opened her living room window to see the sky and clouds.
The sky was clear, blue and there were some fluffy white clouds.
Object was below the clouds. The clouds were not moving but
were stationary. Mrs. lives on a hill overlooking the
country and the object was flying low to the horizon. Mrs.
can see the sky well, raising her head at about a 45
degree angle. The object was seen for about 10 seconds.

31 Aug 65

Reference sighting by Mr.
Baden, Pa. (13 Aug 65. Dr. was contacted.
stated that to date no final evaluation on Mr.
eyes had been made. However, he did state that
there had been some vision drop in one eye and a slight
hemorrhage in the other eye which is rather hard to explain
and possibly not truly a hemorrhage and does not look like
radiation burn. Further studies are being made. Dr. Linn
saw Mr.

30 Aug 65

Report received from Mrs.
Penn Hills stating she had seen a glowing man or
diamond in her back yard between 0100 - 0130 hrs. When she
saw it, it was lying down in some bushes at the back of her
yard. She saw it for about one minute then she looked out
of the window. The object was brought to her attention by
two young boys. JR, who was 18, age 18, and his friend,
who lives upstairs at Mrs. residence.
saw the object when he was going home and went back to ask
his friend. They ran in opposite directions. They were at
it and as they started to leave, it took a step toward them.
The boys ran in opposite directions. After
it as being 8 feet tall with a bright gold glow. After
ran home he asked a friend to go back and when they did, with
the said of a flash light, they found nothing.
be saw the object for about 15 to 30 seconds. Mrs.
stated the ground and weeds in the area she saw the object were
flattened down when she checked the area later.

(Possibly this could have some type of swamp fire and when I
asked what type brush and if there was rotten wood in the
area, Mrs. didn't know.)

HICK *1


- page 5 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
911TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP, MEDIUM (RESERVE)
United States Air Force
Greater Pittsburgh Airport
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15231

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 180                                                                  7 SEP 1965
SUBJECT: UFO, Pittsburgh, Pa.

TO: AFSG (RTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

The following attachments are submitted for your information.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
EUGENE F. REHRER
Information Officer

4 Atch
1. Observations
2. News Clippings (EXTRACTED) w/ 8 Aug LUCCI
3. News Clippings (EXTRACTED) GREAT PLANES CAFE
4. News Clippings (EXTRACTED) ABOVE GROUND


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

President, Philosophy Instructor, University of Pittsburgh, Bradford Campus. Three years physics training at MIT; MA in Philosophy. NICAP staff member during summer of 1966. Published account of Portage County (April 17, 1966) UFO/police "chase", has given UFO talks.

Ophthalmic Technician with Drs. Linn, Linn Sr., and Sharrer. Former MR with U. S. Marine Corps. Made pictures of burned retina of UFO witness, who suffered eye damages. One of three Institute people who are ready to handle on-going UFO sightings reported to answering service (telephone number 391-2766).

FLYING SAUCER FROM MARS DISCOVERED!

An on-the-spot Institute investigation recently verified the existence of a "Flying Saucer From Mars," which has accounted for many UFO sightings in the Pittsburgh area. The object is a Citabria Champion advertising plane flown by Fred Eller, Gilbertville Airport, and bears the above quoted inscription with the qualification "p.s." in small letters after "Mars." Mr. Eller owns AAA Sky Adds, Inc.

The wingspan of the Citabria ("airbatic" spelled backwards) is 36-1/2 feet. It usually flies at an altitude of about 1,000 feet, around 70 mph, and can stay aloft over five hours. Mounted below the wings is a framework of wire to which are soldered 7 rows of 36 C6SL bulbs, the size of a flashlight bulb. A heavy tape with holes punched in it to spell out a message, runs through a machine inside the plane which makes the bulbs light up in a certain sequence, to make the message move across the lights. An air siren mounted below the plane is sometimes used to attract attention.

In a strong headlight, at an airspeed of 30 mph, the Citabria can appear to be standing still. Seen on edge, it looks, moving from one side to another, can give the appearance of a flat-ish object with a row of lights around the rim. The engine of the plane is inaudible at a distance from which the moving lights can be easily seen; thus, many people report seeing a silent, disc-shaped object with a rotating rim covered by equally-spaced lights. When the plane is flying directly toward or away from the observer, especially in a misty atmosphere, its appearance can be quite eerie. It can, as several reports have stated, definitely "not resemble any conventional aircraft"!


- page 7 -

