Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE TIME GROUP
10 January 68 19/020Z

2. LOCATION
Santa Barbara, California

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 - 3 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COLOR
Unconvered

8. PHOTOS
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

10. CONCLUSION
Unidentified

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Subject believed to be a star or plane falling. The ALP flight aid hill a plan containing a car a lamp. Viewer was near a car and buildings to back of a car lights. Shape of object was round, no glow, no sound, no motion. Witness could within 10 yds of observer. Flight then returned ongoer to base. With 10 min. No further action.

CONCLUSION: Additional info requested, not received. Similar to c/o with observation and witness but no substantiation. Since no trace of the object from 20 day delay the sighting is regarded as a possible c/o observation.

FTD SEP 83 5227 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Handwritten: April 20, 1965]

[Top right: AFR 200-2/AFCIN-1E2 pg 05]

[Recipient's address is blacked out]
Sacramento, California

Dear [name blacked out]:

This Air Force is at a meeting of a report within Intelligence
that you are interested in object of a January 1965 sighting you were
the recently. Inasmuch as our records contain no substantive
information to establish a definite identity of the object,
we are returning the case to the office with the attached
endorsement.

It is suggested that the enclosed form be completed as
fully as possible and returned to this office so that a more
definite appraisal can be made of record.

Sincerely,

[Signature and additional details at bottom are partially illegible]


- page 2 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: XNEW/UTO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, Near Santa Barbara, California, 13 Jan 65     14 Apr 65

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI-CO (Mrs Hunt)
WASH DC 20330

Our office is in receipt of a letter from reporting an observation she observed on 13 Jan 65 near Santa Barbara, California. The object is a very similar to a jet aircraft with afterburner, however, there are some inconsistencies in this analysis also. The has indicated that the object was extremely close to her observation point. It is suggested that an FTD Form 164 be submitted to our for completion.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
NICHOLAS PETROWSKY, Jr.
Major, USAF
Chief Aerial Phenomena Branch


- page 3 -

Dear Sir,

I should you be able to see in my information that would if you will please us who was at the ship on Jan 18 at 8:05 P.M.

We were at Lake Cachuma (Santa Barbara) Camp P-37 during the week. There appeared to be at the object, it was light and high to completely it could see. It was a bright object, 715 at a mid-night watching and there continuing with upper left above distant feeling. It did not learn in way of plane would get alarming at the camp site. I was walking from clear side to what would be completely the way of the road leading. The color of this type was before to shine & so it would tell it was on ground well. Similar to the appearance of some something outside have been tested that would tell this a watchful state.

It stood no much or upon with will do collected with your turn (can't) see how on the circle from our camp.


- page 4 -

The text appears to be a handwritten document. However, due to the image quality and handwriting style, much of the text is difficult to read with complete certainty. Some words and phrases are legible, but a full transcription would require a clearer image or enhanced resolution. The bottom of the page has a black redaction/censorship mark.

The legible portions include fragments like:
"...could have..."
"...might..."
"...would be..."

But a complete and accurate OCR transcription is not possible with this image quality.


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

United State Air Force Hqts
Washington D.C.

NEO

460

There is a postmark visible with a date, but the text is partially obscured. The document appears to be an envelope or cover page with some sections redacted (blacked out).


- page 6 -

