The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

DATE - TIME GROUP
3 February 65 0645
LOCATION
Morgantown, North Carolina
SOURCE 
Civilian
CONCLUSION
ADEQUATE OBSERVATION
Data presented does not appear to correspond with satellite or meteorological explanation of a
visible object.
NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object observed at different intervals within 30 minute time. Three were fading and colored, and the fourth was large and bright. The object was observed for several intervals of time. There was a gold color seen in the object during the observation.
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
NOT Reported
TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual  
COURSE
Mostly SE
PHOTOS
None
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the Office of Information of the United States Air Force, addressed to "Mr. [redacted]" and dated March 3, 1965.

The letter is in response to a request for information on Project Blue Book, the Air Force's investigations of flying objects. It states that the causes of recent UFO sightings in Virginia are attributed to a combination of conventional objects, such as aircraft, satellites, and satellites, and/or natural phenomena. The letter is signed by John L. Spaulding, Lt. Colonel, USAF, Chief, Community Relations Division.

Text in the letter:
3 March 1965
Dear Mr. [redacted],
This is in reply to your recent letter requesting information on unidentified flying objects.
The current report on Project Blue Book, the Air Force's investigations of flying objects, indicates that the reported sightings in Virginia are attributed to a combination of conventional objects, such as aircraft, satellites, and/or natural phenomena, since its origin in 1948.
You will be interested to know that the causes of the recent UFO sightings in Virginia are attributed to a combination of conventional objects, such as aircraft, satellites, and/or natural phenomena.
Sincerely,
JOHN L. SPAULDING
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 2 -

The image contains a handwritten letter, but does not appear to contain any photographs.

Transcribing the text in the document:

Dear Harrison:

I have just received your letter and I want to assure you that I was very much impressed with your story and I believe you to be entirely sincere. I would have written to you sooner but I was away from home for some time and just returned last week.

I would like to have all the details you can give me on what you saw. Just describe in your own words exactly what happened, when and where it occurred, who was with you, and any other information that you think might be relevant. I assure you that this information will be treated in the strictest confidence and your name will not be used in any report on this matter.

I look forward to hearing from you again.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an old UFO report document.

Project "Blue Book" Coordination Office
87:00-3 49 748.8
Room 4C-216
The Pentagon
Washington 25, D.C.

- page 4 -

