PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 6 September 65 07/0092

2. LOCATION: Leon, New York

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Six

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: SW

8. PHOTOS: □ Yes ■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: □ Yes ■ No

10. CONCLUSION: A/C (REFUELING OPERATION)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: WE included mist beginning to form in valleys. High thin clouds. WON 2-3 days past 1st quarter. Three brilliant objects brighter than VENUS in SSE at 40 deg elevation. Changed direction and went to South. Increasing in speed. Visible far to South beyond trees. Believed objects to be single lighted objects. Direction of flight was to the SW.

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) - Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

6 SEP 65

February 18, 1966

Mrs Hunt/gh/SAFOICC/7284/18 Feb 66

Dear [redacted]:

[Most of the first paragraph is illegible due to poor image quality]

[Partially legible text suggests it's discussing an aerial object sighting]

The weather conditions of that night included a dark or ground fog and mid this clouds. This weather condition adds to visual distortion of the sighting. Also, you did not include the creation or the details or the time motion sequence of the air lights to each other.

However, relatively similarly the sighting can a retelling generation. However, the description that you gave is similar to other reports.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

JOHN F. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

[Bottom of document contains a partially filled out coordination form with various office codes like SAF-OI, SAF-OIC, etc.]


- page 2 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW/UFO
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting 6 Sep 65

TO: Hq USAF SAFOI0C (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

1. We have received a letter from Mr. [redacted] regarding an observation on the night of 6 Sep 1965. The following information is provided to assist you in reply.

2. The description of multiple lights is similar to an observation of an aircraft refueling operation. Information received from the 5th Air Force indicates that a B-47 and KC-135 were enroute from the New England area to the "apeedway" refueling area near central Indiana. These aircraft entered that area approximately twenty minutes after the time of weather report. It is possible that they were over western New York at the time of the report. The duration of the sighting was not included and a time sequence showing the relationship of the six lights to each other was not included. In his letter, the weather included a mist or ground fog and high thin clouds. This weather condition adds to visual distortion of moving lights. It is not possible to positively attribute the sighting to the refueling operation on the limited data presented. However, the description is similar to reports of known refueling operations. It is suggested that this explanation along with a Form 164 be sent to Mr. [redacted] with a request that he complete the Form 164 should he feel that this is not a plausible cause for his observation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONGE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Lt. [redacted]

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

C/10,3507 L.E.O.N., N.Y.                                                   7 Sept 1965
                                                                             Blue Book Ofc.
Dear Sir:

I wish to record for your information a phenomena which was observed by a number of individuals last evening.

This via comparatively isolated area of Cattaraugus County. This is a farm road which runs North & South thru my property. Yesterday, being top's day, a number of guests arrived. We have several saddle horses and a small jog car pulled by one of the horses.

We were giving out guests a cleaned to ride and visit leisure a horse and jive, riding on one of the saddle horse. We would go up the road for about a half mile return and take another look. Lawful a few statistics and observation of what was observed.

Date: Sept 6, 1965. Time: 8:50 PM DST. Weather - Calm. Sky: Partly ground thin cloud formation when occurs on the heavy cumulus. Break up after sun down. A mean about 20-3 days past 1st quarter. Shade weekly, thin cloud formation. We were halting back on the road on a return trip when suddenly I observed 3 brilliant objects in the sky, much brighter than the planet Venus, one about the other in about a 55° direction and about a 40° elevation from the other. I called back to the cars. "What do you make out up ahead." The objects did not move very rapidly but gradually changed position to south to direction to south due appeared back approached the tower and shattered and advancing spirited for objects and called everyone from the tower. They were still clearly, wait fear to the North West and would appear

[Note: There is a hand-drawn sketch in the middle of the document showing the positioning of the objects]


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

and, its appear as natural objects stood off on our observation time.
While observing their action, Clinton of carefully and
could hear distinctly something that could not say if he
from the object or a little to some distant point, the time was
troubled, because of time and day. Later day.

We tried to explain the phenomena. At first thought it
might be the new brilliantly lighted object in sky caused
place. But as the USAF. However, there were single lights of objects
7 they first a fine and exploded and the city were
burning and falling piece, they were so friendly, but they
moved only momentarily, and then moved with purpose and
direction first south and then south-westerly. This was something
definitely different from any thing I had ever seen. It was
contacted by the two individuals relative me both as to form
and substance and independently observed by 4-5 other individuals
at the home before we returned with our description.

We heard about a week ago that some UFO was seen
near a village about 5 miles from here and that the sheriff had been
called and has seen the object in question. This however is only
hearsay.

"What we have seen may be a perfectly natural phenomena, beside
we were not experts in the vicinity to our knowledge, but as
they were visible much to long. Into not sure of any balloon
with attached plane. The object was too brilliant, appeared
more visible too long a time. They were too far apart. They shifted
position and were capable of gliding and hovering and rapid
forward movement on an almost completely calm day. Presumed
they moved a condition of winds aloft. Our observation would
call it unique, and first traveled south-westerly.
of this is an explanation for what we have seen please
tell us.

Yours very truly,


- page 5 -

