There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

1. DATE & TIME GROUP: 7 MAY 69 08/0925
2. LOCATION: Oxford, Michigan
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 MINUTE 5 SECONDS
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (RR)
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No - 
9. CONCLUSION: UNIDENTIFIED. Additional data requested on form 164. No positive identification possible for this sighting.

FTD SFTR 0-329 (TDE)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document describing an incident that occurred on May 7, 1965 in Oxford, Michigan.

UFO Report
This is a report on the Marlin Marshall case sof Oxford, Michigan, the sighting of 7 May 65.
I called Mr._ on November 29th, slightly a bit late after the 7th of May. Mr.___ conducted a very intelligent conversation over the telephone, was circumspect in his answers and well above average in intelligence and articulation. He came a 42-acre farm but does not farm it since he is a supervisor at the Pontiac Motor Works. He is transforming his farm into a sort of wildlife refuse. I am sending him a Form 164 because he and his son are going to re-enact the crime at their earliest opportunity. We want to get the actual trajectory of the bright light before the son called his father's attention to it. The son is twelve years old.
The son, daughter, and father were out birdwatching, coming back from a walk through their woods. Mr.____ had a pair of 6 x 30 binoculars in his hand and when his son said "Look at that bright light up there. It looks like a headlight." It was virtually overhead, so the father lay down on the ground and looked directly up at the light with his binoculars. It was then fairly stationary, because he said he didn't have to move his binoculars very much to keep the object in view. Yet, the son seems to indicate that the object had moved from a matter of less than a minute having come in from the west southwest, making a half-circle to practically west, and back to overhead.
I began by asking whether he had had any further thoughts about his sighting and he said that yes, he thought he had solved it, because not too long after the sighting he read in the Pontiac paper that they had been firing multiple-explosive released satellite from Vandenburg and he thought he had witnessed such a "separation of the altogether five objects" that he saw. However, this is out of the question, since neither Vandenburg nor Kennedy had such a launching at that time.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO Report - Oxford, Michigan, 7 May 65
launched half stage separations over the United States. Furthermore, the object was stationary, or virtually so. The son had said, only a few minutes before it was still broad daylight. The light, however, was very much brighter than a star and the boy said it did not twinkle. One finger held in an outstretched arm's length would have covered all the objects. The duration of the sighting was of the order of one minute. He had just sent his son into the house for stronger binoculars when the object began to fade and was obscured by clouds. It could be that the fading was caused by the gradual cloud cover. He said at one point: "It seemed almost cut of reality as far as I was concerned." Later: "I thought deeply about what I was seeing, as to whether or not I was misconstructing my own perceptions." When he watched through the 6 x 30 binoculars he witnessed the actual separation of a copper-colored fainter object from the bright light. Then, later, from the bright object he saw what he thought was the ejection of three smaller objects, and then a fourth which he discerned considerably further cut. Both children could not see the smaller objects with their naked eyes. The copper-colored object had the motion of tumbling - like a maple seed when it falls to the earth - except that in this case the object didn't fall. It actually seemed to go up. The bronze-colored object separated from the bright light very shortly after he first picked up the light in the binoculars.
We will await receipt of his AF Form 164.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from a document or report. The image shows handwritten or typed text on an official-looking document.

T-29 (cmu )
WBIQ-TV, Office
Cleveland, 0.
46233
Date : 5 May 1965
Prom : Dan A. Scott
4625 E. Middle Ridge Rd.,
Oxford, Michigan 48371.
Dear Sirs:
On April 26, 1965, at approx. 10:30 P.M. EST, I observed an extremely bright light in the sky, moving rapidly in a north-south direction, directly over my home. I estimated the size of the light to be 1/3 the apparent size of the moon, judging by its brilliance and the size of the moon at that time. The light seemed to change color slightly during the observation, varying from white to yellow-orange. I watched the object for about three minutes, during which time it accelerated at a terrific rate, then disappeared entirely. 
The night was clear, with good visibility. I am quite convinced that what I observed was not an airplane, satellite, star, or any other known aircraft or celestial body. The performance characteristics, size, and behavior of the object were quite unlike anything I have ever seen before. Could you please advise me as to what this might have been? I would appreciate any information you can provide.
Sincerely,
DAVID A. SCOTT
4625 E. Middle Ridge Rd.
Oxford, Michigan 48371

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical project of the United States Air Force to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

7 MAY 1965
OXFORD, MICHIGAN

THE (DELETED) 
77th AIR DIVISION, (DELETED)
LOCKBOURNE AFB, OHIO 43217

In accordance with AFR 200-2, the following report of an unidentified aerial object is submitted:

(DELETED)

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an unidentified foreign object report.

UNIDENTIFIED FOREIGN OBJECT REPORT
14 MAY 1965
Mr. -------
Oxford, Michigan 48071
Dear Mr. -------:
This is a final report on your unidentified foreign object sighting on 23 April 1965. The object or phenomenon described by you was visible for approximately 45 minutes and was observed moving in a north-south direction at an estimated altitude of 1500-2000 feet. The object was described as being whitish in color, approximately 20-30 feet in diameter, and possibly having a luminous quality. The object or phenomenon moved slowly at first and then accelerated rapidly out of sight to the north.
All available information has been carefully analyzed, and we can find no evidence to indicate the object was of extraterrestrial or 'foreign' origin. Detailed investigation has revealed no factual data to support the supposition that the object was a vehicle of unknown or unconventional design.
We appreciate your reporting this sighting, and thank you for your interest and cooperation.
FOR THE COMMANDER
ROBERT S. CURRY
Colonel, USAF
Chief, Air Force Investigations Division

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

HEADQUARTERS 
1ST FIGHTER WING AIS DETACHMENT (ADDC)
SELFRIDGE AIR FORCE BASE, MICHIGAN

REPLY TO 1gGID
SUBJECT: UFO Report, Civilian

TO: Air Force Systems Command 
Foreign Technology Division 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Attached is a letter from Mr. [REDACTED] of our reply regarding Unidentified Object sighted May 7, near Oxford, Michigan.

2. In accordance with AFR 200-2, Lbt, we forward this correspondence to your office for further handling.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ROBERT E. MCBLY
Captain, USAF
Chief, Information Division

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document containing a detailed written description of a UFO sighting.

Dear Sir:

At approximately 7:30 to 7:40 P.M. on Friday the 7th day of May, 1965 the following incident occurred:

My 13-year old son, my 7-year old daughter and I had just moved our family into our new home in Oxford, Michigan. We were outside and called my attention to a strange object directly overhead. He pointed out the shiny object which was silver in color and oval in shape. It was silent and no motor noises could be heard.

Since the sight was unfamiliar to me, I looked directly overhead and saw an object which I examined for approximately 15 to 20 minutes. The object appeared to be tumbling or rotating slowly, with a bright area or "port hole" on the side facing me. Occasionally it would reflect the sun's rays in a bright flash.

I removed the glasses from my eyes to tell my son to go after the neighboring farmers to come and see the object, but shortly thereafter a smokey cloud cover of cumulus clouds came from the southwest and covered the object.

Visibility was unlimited prior to the clouds. The moon was visible but no stars were seen. Below the horizon.

The clear nights before and after this date, I observed the two objects with their reddish glow but no sound. They made a zig-zagging motion at times quite rapidly and silently. Their size was that of a pea held at arm's length.

I would be grateful if you would verify that this was an actual sighting so recorded in your files and advise me of any follow-up information you may have regarding this incident.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a text-based document that appears to be a report from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

Transcription of the text in the document:

OXFORD, MICHIGAN
7 MAY 1965

At approximately 1930 to 1940 on 7 May 1965, three observers noticed a shiny object in the sky. They obtained 6 x 30 binoculars and decided that it must be a Sputnik type vehicle moving at a high velocity. The object was high and looked to be larger than a star. The object was observed for approximately 15 minutes and then suddenly disappeared. Shortly thereafter, the bright shiny object gave off three other shiny but smaller objects.

A fourth shiny object was observed further out into space and further away from the original object. This fourth object gradually grew smaller and then the other three struck out and gradually faded. The red lighted object looked like it was standing still. The object was observed for approximately 5-10 minutes.

The observer removed the glasses from his eyes to tell son to go after the objects as they disappear. Observers could not find the objects again but observed a steady cloud cover that had not been there before.

The objects were visible for approximately one minute. After the objects disappeared a steady cloud cover came from the NW and covered the observation area.

COMMENTS
The observer thought he had seen multiple-spring released satellites from a rocket, however, neither the Vandenberg nor Kennedy launch half-stage separations over the United States are substantiated. Furthermore, the observer stated that the objects were not typical of usual aircraft or vehicles. The description of the object does not fit any known aircraft or satellite. A definite explanation is not possible. This case is carried as unidentified by the Air Force.

- page 9 -

