Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 59 15/0032

2. LOCATION: Mammoth, Arizona

3. SOURCE: Civilian

10. CONCLUSION: Possibly Balloon

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: [Partially legible text] Lights at approximately 1315 hrs. in a quadrant below a pending jet. Sighting lasted 15 minutes or more. Details were somewhat vague. Point roughly positioned. Then began to move at a speed of 60-70 miles per hour. As it moved, it appeared to be as in an effort to intercept. With 1/2 had people observed the word and not such the lights. 1/2 also disappeared.

[Bottom of form notes]
NOTES: Witness contacted by AMC. No lynah noted by possible distance, clearance, etc.
PTD SEP 63 0-529 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS
12TH STRATEGIC AEROSPACE DIVISION (SAC)
DAVIS-MONTHAN AIR FORCE BASE, ARIZONA, 85707

REPLY TO: DRO / LCOL R H MAY
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object                                                   21 January 1965

TO: USAF SAMS
     Patterson AFB, Ohio, 45433

1. The following unidentified flying object sighting occurred on
   11 January 1965.

2. Description of the object:

   (1) The object appeared to be three white lights about
   the size of an ordinary light bulb, and spaced about 15 feet apart
   in an equilateral triangle.

   (2) Same as above
   (3) Same as above
   (4) There was only one triangle formed by lights.
   (5) N/A
   (6) No other discernible features or details.
   (7) N/A
   (8) No sound was heard
   (9) N/A

3. Description of course of object:

   (1) The observers attention was first attracted to the lights
   because they appeared to be motionless above a lighted parking lot.
   The area was just west of a lighted building.

   (2) Angle of elevation was 45 degrees and a true direction of
   70 degrees to 80 degrees when first observed.

   (3) Object disappeared over the horizon to the northeast.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(b) The lights as first sighted, when clearly began to move to the northwest at an orbital angle of 10 to 20 miles per hour. After the object began moving to the northeast an object was observed to be approaching. The aircraft was not equipped to attempt intercepting the object. The maneuver was defined with him on aircraft. The man claimed the aircraft made a sharp 90 degree turn and claimed the aircraft made a turn of a popular design airway. The aircraft never came close to the aircraft. The aircraft appeared to be moving at a high rate of speed and no sound was heard. The aircraft disappeared over the horizon at a distance that separated the aircraft from the object.

(c) Object and aircraft disappeared over the horizon to the northwest.

(d) The object was observed for fourteen (14) minutes.

4. Manner of Observation:

(a) Ground - visual sighting.
(b) N/A
(c) N/A

5. Time and Date of Sighting:

(a) 15/0802 exit 15/0822.
(b) Night, clear sky.

6. Location of Observer: 32 degrees 11 minutes 15 seconds North, 110 degrees 41 minutes 12 seconds West, which is 3 miles southeast of Mammoth, Arizona.

7. Identifying Information on the Observer:

(a) Name: [redacted]
    Address: [redacted]
    Telephone: [redacted]
    Occupation: Surveyor for John Conger Co.
The observer is a licensed land surveyor. He has 15 years civil engineering experience.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(2) N/A

1. Weather and winds - local conditions at time and place of sighting:

(1) Observer reported clear sky.

(2) Winds recorded at Davis-Monthan AFB were: surface 160/10, 
20,000' - 110/50, 10,000' - 030/35, 16,000' - 120/10, 30,000' - 040/35, 
36,000' - 125/50, 6,000' - 240/10.

(3) No ceiling.

(4) Visibility: forty (40) miles.

(5) Only high thin broken clouds.

(6) No thunderstorms in the area.

(7) Vertical temperature gradient was approximately six (6) 
degrees centigrade warmer than standard. (surface temperature was 
at 35,500' MSL and was colder than standard above this level. 
Temperature was approximately 14,000' MSL.

1. None
2. None
3. None

4. Name Director of Operations, 6025 Combat Support Group, Davis-
Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona. No explanation can be found this 
sighting. In a check with the lifted building and was moving 
toward a parking lot that was lighted by electric lights or poles. 
and the object was the parking lot. A check with a sighting co-
ward in a shack near by. However, the guard did not bother to even 
look around. The sighting and information was turned over to 
be better. A check with the Phoenix Air Defense Sector revealed 
no interesting or known air traffic in the area. A check was also 
made on a nearby hill. However, it was not the area of chase.

[Signature]
Lt Colonel, USAF
Director of Operations


- page 4 -

OFFICIAL FILE COPY

ITEM
UFO Sighting, Mammoth, Arizona, 15 Jan 65                                   18 Feb 65

Dr J Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Dr Hynek:

Since you may be in the Arizona, New Mexico area in the near future there is an additional report with some data. The sighting occurred on 15 Jan65; a copy of this report is attached. Request you contact witness if deemed necessary.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr.
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch                                               1 Atch
                                                                             o/3

cc: DIG/Mr Sweeney


- page 5 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

16 July 1959

Major Hector Quintanilla
Project Technology Division
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major:

I am sorry to be so late in reporting on the Mammoth, Arizona investigation.

I have been successful in Mammoth on the evening of March 28 and called upon [redacted] at his home in San Manuel, Arizona which is near the Copper Company, which is itself so impressive (one of the largest smelting operations I know). This man (a surveyor and geologist located) has not yet been developed, but will be sending me open mountain territory.

Although later in the season, we arrived at the site at approximately the same time of day as we did initially. This time, however, these were no contradictions in the whole thing, I will start with those first.

[Remaining text contains some redacted sections and continues with details about the investigation, but is partially obscured or blacked out]

The document appears to be a letter from Northwestern University's Dearborn Observatory regarding an investigation in Mammoth, Arizona, dated 16 July 1959, addressed to Major Hector Quintanilla at Wright Patterson Air Force Base.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Tucson Meteorite Scientific
April 5, 1965
Page 2

1. The original report states that the object illuminated was in motion, to the northwest. It subsequently moved in a northwesterly direction, was in an area to point to the place there, the original observation. It was in the northwest quadrant of the sky, definitely from northwest to southeast, with a westerly acceleration. However, a satellite could in the sky.

2. The winds reported were from the Davis-Monthan Air Force Base which is apparently some distance away. Surface winds would have nothing to do with (blank) from 20 to 30,000 feet from the ground level to 500 altitude. Winds from 20 to 30,000 feet would not out to 500 degrees but slightly a temperature with a slight angular rate.

In the drawing, the compass direction in the upper (illegible) and corresponds to reality. The direction is close to northwest. The sun was (illegible). To be specific, indeed, that he first saw it was southeast and pointing to where the sun had just set. His other remarks or statements were entirely preliminary, and at no time he said that the lights were of such a nature that they were on a rising arc, but rather close by.

(Several lines are blacked out)

The most consistent thing about the evidence was the repeated insistence on a singular progression of the lights and, as is shown in the diagram, the object probably was 10 to 15 miles away, 125 to 150 acres across, although in talking to his he gave the impression that it all happened very much faster. Apparently, a plane did some skirting, as an unusual heterogeneous course. He believes the object traveled up and went away but his account will not indicate this.

This bears a slight resemblance to the Wantzel, Wisconsin case but (rest of text partially obscured or blacked out)

(Note: Some portions of the text are blacked out or illegible)


- page 7 -

Major Hector Quintanilla
April 7, 1965
Page 3

He could not be the kind, however, to manufacture a book, and so I think
he definitely was not satisfied. Possibly even at this late date, with what
we know about the case, the case is not traceable with the information we have.
He was quite candid in his remarks. "Inadequate information," which I would
interpret as "Insufficient information." He gave me sufficient information, but
not as to be too inadequate and inaccurate to develop a solution.

Even his data I would be hard pressed to prove that either airborne or
ground sighted. I would add that probably no aircraft, we were aware of,
was involved. It would not have had this singular appearance, which as he
described it was a very weird looking object. He was quite sure, however,
that it was a long to traverse the sky. It is were a special design
ship in that a matter of minutes at most, it must have traversed the
sky.

I state then we would be safe in putting this down as either "Insufficient
Information" or "Inadequate Information" or some yet "Insufficient Evidence."

Sincerely yours,
Allen
J. Allen Hynek
Director

JAHN:jb


- page 8 -

The image appears to be a very faint hand-drawn sketch or map with various lines, shapes, and some barely legible text annotations. However, due to the low contrast and light nature of the drawing, most of the text is illegible. I can make out a few fragments of words and markings, but cannot confidently reproduce them without risking inaccuracy.


- page 9 -

