Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
22 July 65 01/0452

2. LOCATION
Elmhurst, Illinois

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (L. WX-2, RAND)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One, One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
[Most of this section is partially illegible, but appears to describe an object sighted in the night sky]

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
a. 20 Seconds
b. 2-3 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual (GV)

7. COURSE
a. Stationary
c. Southerly

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FTD SEP 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W.
Washington 4, D.C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.

After all information has been fully studied, the conclusion of evaluation will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use continued sheet of paper or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is particularly appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name: [Redacted]
   Place of Employment: OTIS ELEVATOR CO.
   Address: [Redacted] MASS. 02073
   Occupation: MECHANIC
   Telephone: 411-9-3589    Education: HIGH SCHOOL
                             Special Training: NETWORK EVE.
                             Military Service: RESERVES - MOTOR POOL

2. Date of Observation: July 21, 1965    Time: 9:35 PM    Time Zone: EST    0.5

3. Locality of Observation: HILLSIDE TERR.

4. How long did you see the object?    Hours: 5    Minutes: 0    Seconds: 0

5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky, i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc.:
   CLEAR, WINDY NITE

6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you:
   [No text written]

7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible?    YES

8. Were there more than one object?    NO    If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, if any.

9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, etc? Please use additional sheets of paper, if necessary.
   APPEARED BRIGHT - WOULD MOVE THEN STOP AGAIN IN QUICK MOTION

10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky?    YES
    MUCH BRIGHTER THAN STARS IN SAME AREA

11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc.:
    VERY BRIGHT STAR

12. Did the object(s) —
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?    YES
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
    c. Move up into parts or sky?
    d. Give off smoke?
    e. Leave any visible trail?
    f. Cross anything?
    g. Change brightness? - WOULD DIM THEN BRIGHTEN
    h. Change shape?
    i. Change color?

13. Did the object(s) as nearly still pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc. if possible.
    [No text written]

14. Was there any wind?    NO    If so, please give direction and speed.

15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windowpane, store window, etc.?    NO    What?

16. Did the object(s) leave any sound?    NO    What Kind?    How Loud?

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) —
    a. Fuzzy or blurred,
    b. Like a bright star,
    c. Simply outlined.

[Bottom of page has handwritten note: "WAS CALLING OBJECT - WHITE"]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Was the object:
    a. Self-luminous?
    b. Dull finish?
    c. Reflecting?
    d. Transparent?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion?

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
    a. Pinhead
    b. Pea
    c. Dime
    d. Nickel
    e. Half dollar
    f. Silver dollar
    g. Orange
    h. Grapefruit
    i. Larger

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? - saying good-by to a friend looked up as I was a nice night

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? - outside house - criminal to darkness - didn't reappear

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? - climinal to darkness - have no idea of altitude

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a person or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude.

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterwards? If so, please elaborate. NO

26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s). - NO IDEA

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? (Place mark on this hemisphere)

28. Name and address of other witnesses, if any. (Mostly redacted)

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation, showing your position and direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view. The direction of its course over the area, roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or naval installation in the area?

31. Have you seen objects of an identical nature before? If so, please describe those observations, using a separate sheet of paper. NO

32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, movie clippings, notes or radio or television programs (including lines, stations and dates). If possible, reproduce these in this report. We will forward them to ATIC with a complete analysis. If you cannot enclose originals, so state.

33. Were you interviewed by Air Force Investigating agency? If so, give other details, date, agency, or head officials? If so, please state.

34. We would like additional details to assist your report in accordance with this report. This section will encourage other responsible officials to report similar observations to ATIC. However, if you prefer, we will keep your report confidential. Please add any additional information you think would be helpful.

Date of filling out this report: August 12, 1965

Signatures: (mostly redacted)


- page 3 -

NO CASE:    Information Only
SOURCE:    Flying Saucer Review
            Nov-Dec 65

                                                        21 Jul 65
                                                        Greytown, South Africa

SOUTH AFRICA
Four-legged object

From the Johannesburg Star of July
22, we learn that Mrs. E. M. French
of Greytown saw an object in the sky
while driving home on the evening of
July 21. At home, she watched it
with her husband and Mr. R. Turner
of Hillcrest. The report continues—

"It appeared reddish in colour but
seemed to change to green. It moved
down and up and then from side to
side and at one stage two blue lights
appeared to approach it and later
moved away.

"Mrs. French said it had four
spikes or legs below it.

"Mr. Maurice de St. Pern, a
former Mayor of Greytown, also
spotted the object from a window
while attending a Chamber of
Commerce meeting. He saw it performing similar antics."


- page 4 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: AFRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

Congonhas, Brazil
21 Jul 65

On the 21st of July, personnel at the control tower of the airport at Congonhas, Brazil, observed a luminous object which flew over the airport 70 km, and 1000 meters altitude, it flew out of sight at "incredible speed". The Information Service of the Fourth Aerial Zone confirmed the sighting on the 26th.


- page 5 -

NO CASE:    Information Only
SOURCE:    AFRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

21, 22 Jul 65
Columbia River Basin, Washington

On the 21st and 22nd sightings were made in the Columbia River Basin in Washington. Franklin County Undersheriff Erwin Flood interviewed 10 people who claim they saw orange-glowing objects flying at low altitude north of Ringold. The objects had been seen on Wednesday and Thursday of the two preceding weeks. Flood said all the reports were similar, describing orange, glowing fast-moving light—from 3 to 20 in a group. Some observers said they saw mountains to the west behind the objects, so the objects could not have been planets or satellites. The Othello Radar Base commander said nothing had been picked up on radar. It might be pointed out that in hilly or mountainous country, radar will not pick up low-flying objects.


- page 6 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Sunset News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Dec 65

San Pablo, Brazil
22 Jul 65

SIMULTANEOUS RADAR AND VISUAL SIGHTING IN BRAZIL: A report from San Paulo, Brazil, dated July 22nd, tells of an important sighting by a radar team at the local airport, where a UFO was tracked at a altitude of 1,200 yards. It was on the scope for ten minutes, and was traveling at about 60 miles per hour in an irregular course. At the same time, a resident of a house near the airport made a visual sighting of an orange-colored object which passed at low altitude over his home. The airport authorities ordered a civilian plane to fly over the area where the UFO had passed, but the airplane crew saw nothing.


- page 7 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: AFRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65                                   23 Jul 65
                                                                    Ubeda, Spain

Also on the 23rd, the Spanish news agency Cifra reported that "highly reliable sources" had sighted two disc-shaped objects over Ubeda in Southern Spain.


- page 8 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: AFRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

23 Jul 65
Helsinki, Finland

In Helsinki, Finland, on the 23rd, two night workers stated at 2:00 a.m. They observed a glowing discharged object which hovered over the city for some fifteen minutes, lighting up the central section with a searchlight. Then it disappeared out of sight.


- page 9 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review
Nov-Dec 55

24 Jul 65
Brampton, England

Brampton

The little north-western wave got
under way with an incident on July
21 there may have been earlier cases,
but they are not known to us at time

of writing which has a certain
significance. From the Cumbland
News of July 30, sent to us by Mr.
D. W. Heron, we learn how David
Holden, aged 16, of Brampton, and three
friends, saw a bright blue blur in the
north-western sky on the 26th.

Early high when first observed, the
object descended towards the youth,
hanging stationary while before moving
out to the East. After disappearing
and reappearing, a series of orange
dots came in front of it, and the
object then vanished.


- page 10 -

NO CASE:    Information Only
SOURCE:    APRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

24 Jul 65
Salem, Oregon Area

Residents in the Brooks, Dallas and Salem, Oregon areas, reported fast-flying traveling-blue lights which appeared on the night of the 24th A switchboard operator at Portland Air Force Base said, "We have had millions of calls." Officials at that base and at Adair Air Force Station, Corvallis, refused to speculate on the nature of the things, and personnel at the runway tower at Portland said they had seen nothing. The sightings took place between 10 and 10:30 p. m.


- page 11 -

COMBAT READINESS TRAINING OPERATIONS
928TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP, MEDIUM (RESERVE)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
O'HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
Chicago, Illinois 60666

SUBJECT: U.F.O.                                                                  1 August 1965

A. Description of the object:
   1. Would you please describe object's shape   OVL on first sighting.
      LONG rather than oval on second sighting.

   2. Size as compared to a known object held in the hand at about arm's
      length. (Such as a pea, dime, nickel, baseball, etc.)   PEA SIZED (at at
      least 20 times the size of a peanut) for first sighting. Second sighting, the
      size of a g dollar.

   3. Color: First sighting - Hazy Orange. Second sighting - Brilliant Yellow.

   4. Number: One Object

   5. Formation, if more than one   N/A

   6. Any discernible features or details   No

   7. Was there a tail, trail or exhaust, including size of same compared
      to size of object   TAIL - massively larger than that of a shooting star.
      (Second sighting - Appeared to be a possible re-entry of a spent rocket)

   8. Was there any sound? If so, please describe   None

   9. Other pertinent or unusual features   None


- page 12 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)
SOURCE: Saucer News Sept 65

24 July 1965
Lima Peru

FLYING SAUCER LANDING IN PERU: A wire service story dated July 24th tells us of a UFO landing on a ranch 30 miles from Lima, Peru, witnessed by a chemist and his wife. They said the machine stayed on the ground for about 45 minutes and then zoomed off, leaving singed plants and overturned rocks in the area where it had landed. Several farmers in the area supported the couple's story.

Other reports from nearby Chile and Uruguay are referred to in the articles, but not described. Meanwhilte, a group of men in Peru described as "cientista" having issued a report stating that flying saucers do exist, and are piloted by beings 3 feet tall who are generally similar to us in physical characteristics. These "scientists", headed by a man named Gustavo Villar Dongo, are members of a group called the Peruvian Institute of Interplanetary Relations, and although we agree that their conclusion is basically correct, we must caution our readers that it sounds to us like a saucer research group rather than a scientific organization.

Several other less sensational UFO sightings were made in and around Lima during the week preceding July 24th. It is obvious that a flap of unusual proportions has been taking place in Peru, as well as in other South American countries.


- page 13 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: AFRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65                      25 Jul 65
                                                        Andalusia, Spain

Also on the 25th, two bright objects, looking like plates, crossed the skies very swiftly at ten minute intervals, and were seen by many residents in Andalusia, Spain.


- page 14 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: AFRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

25 Jul 65
Terceira Island, Azores

A luminous object was seen moving over Terceira Island in the Azores, in a north to south direction on the night of the 25th.


- page 15 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: AFRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

25 Jul 65
Diamante, Argentina

At Diamante, Argentina, in the early morning of the 25th, a disc-shaped object appearing like a car headlight and giving off red, yellow and green lights, was seen hovering over the area for 10 minutes, then it headed south and disappeared.


- page 16 -

NO CASE:    Information Only
SOURCE:    APRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

25 Jul 65
Caracas, Venezuela

Caracas, Venezuela, July 25th. Mr. Israel Ramos Martinez reported that on this date, at 8 p.m. he saw a disc-shaped, silvery object from the window of his home at Guaicaipuro. He called his mother and sister who also saw the object as it crossed the sky in an east-west direction. The object did not speed, taking 8 or 7 minutes to cross the sky. It seemed to fly in a straight line, swerving to the southwest just before it veered sharply upward. Mr. Martinez watched the sky until 10:15 when he saw a fast-moving brilliant point of white light which flew from northeast to southeast. He called his mother and sister and they watched the light as it flew rapidly in an elliptical trajectory, then disappeared upwards.


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

To Case Study Only

Riverhead, N.Y.
February 23, 1967

Dear Sirs,

I am writing to inform you of a strange U.F.O. sighting a friend and I made in the Summer of 1965. I would have written sooner, but I didn't know the address, or if just anyone could write you.

It was July 30th 1965 my family and I had just returned from a Sunday outing. It was late around 5-6 o'clock. It was very warm, so I decided to go swimming at the Sunshine House in Sag, a nearby tourist house. The owner, Fred Ball lets the kids around town use the pool for a quarter. There was around 10 people in the pool when I arrived. There were people boarding at the house, but I know some. My first wish was there also. There were around 14 people playing near the pool at this time. We swam for an hour and then I went out


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

For a while. My Foley, Peggy
Beinecke and King were laying
under the ring - going to the by
the time we were back in the
pool everyone had left except for
Fancy, my figure old sister Cathy(?)
at the time) and my little cousin
[redacted name]

The 14 people were
still playing golf. Since Fancy and
I are fairly good swimmers we were
at the deep end, and the little ones
were in the shallow end, practicing
underwater swimming. [redacted text]
I decided to have a contest to see
who could cross the pool and back
underwater without coming up for
air. [redacted text] did it, then it was my
turn. I was over to the opposite side,
and on my way back when I heard
[redacted text] calling me. I came up and saw
the water full of my eyes. "What's the
matter?" I asked
"Look at that bright light in
the sky!"

I turned and saw it was
then around 7 p.m. My first
impression was that it was a star


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

"Sis, the first star!" "I said, half believing
that is what it was.

"No it's not, its moving" Doris besides
"it's too big"

"I knew she was right" "An airplane
maybe."

"I don't know." Sis said.

We stood six silent our eyes fixed
on the glowing object. It big - jagged
in a slectrn towards the earth. Let
gave me an eerie feeling to watch
its jerky moves. No plane could do
that. It still had not struck me that
we could be watching an interplanetary
ship.

Suddenly it stopped, maybe a hundred
feet above two leafless trees. Yet about
5 seconds it hovered, spanning. Then
an amazing burst of speed it
went spanning straight up and
disappeared. For several seconds
both of us stood not fully believing
the sight we had seen. It had
not occurred to either of us to call
to the other I guess. It was then,
asking us what was wrong that
made us regain our senses.


- page 20 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Still staring at the clock, over clear
sky I asked "What was that?"
"I don't know."

It suddenly struck like office.
"a flying saucer!"

We practically flew out of the yard.
My mother was just pulling in to
park us up. Now panicky we both
warned "Flying saucer!" The people
on the porch, all elderly, laughed at
us. Worst of all ever, my mother
chuckled. "Oh sure. You
saw about 10 of them." She stopped.
Right then and there we lost desire
not to tell a soul. Our dog followed
us to the car. (They had not shown any
signs of nervousness, nor had the several
animals including a pig, a horse, ducks,
a donkey and dogs that the farmhouse
was close next to the pact then.

But that night, lying in bed, memories
of the strange vessel haunted me. There
was now no doubt in my mind
that what we saw was no with like
machine. Nothing that I knew of could
go through the large motions this
craft had. Especially its weird departure.


- page 21 -

At 11:30 PM I went down stairs to bed. At our will my parents. To my surprise they had heard on the late news a power had been explosion a neighboring state.

In detail I discussed it to my mother and father, including its peculiar motions.

The next day we went to Harry's house. (My mother and her mother are good friends). Harry has decided to do the same way to her mother. Without me saying a word she described it again to my mother. It was detailed to my story.

We told [redacted] about it, as we know how interested he is in U.F.O. He works for the Record, our newspaper. And got our story. The next day it was in the newspaper.

The day Mr. [redacted], I was at around 6:30) I went to see [redacted] around 10 o'clock in the morning. We found him in the neighborhood building (a wall to my place next to the [illegible] house)


- page 22 -

B. Description of course of object.
1. What first called the attention of observer to the object? Daughter saw it first from her room. Then called me and we went outside to observe.

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed 30 to 50°
Azimuth approximately 270°.

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance 30 to 35°
Azimuth not determined.

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object: First sighting basically stationary - Second sighting appeared to move north-east.

5. How did the object disappear (Fade away or instantaneously)? Disappeared behind clouds

6. How long was the object visible? (Be specific, 5 min, one hour) 10 minutes

C. Manner of observation.
1. How was object sighted, ground-visual, air visual, ground electronic, air electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar) Ground-visual at first then with binoculars.

2. Were any optical aids used. (Telescopes, binoculars) Binoculars

3. Was this an airborne sighting? If so: N/A
A. Type A/C
B. Ident No
C. Altitude
D. Heading
E. Speed
F. Home Station
G. Telephone No

2 (page number at bottom of document)


- page 23 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

near the children playing golf was
asked him if anyone had noticed
anything strange the evening before
"Oh Yeah" Jack "this lady from
up high view mount came down
and asked if I had a balloon flying
up over those trees by the post. She
said she'd been driving along main
street when she saw the object
hovering over some trees"

We then told him about our sighting.
He got quite excited. And the following
day reported that another person questioned
him about an object over the post
that got the news appeared in the
paper Stewart Air Force Base officials
came to question us. They reviewed our
report on tape recorders. They had us
draw pictures of what we had seen
They took us over by the post and
hide us point out the location of our
sighted source. After we were finished
the warned us not to talk to anyone
about this incident or to anyone we
don't know about what we had seen.
While we left they were using
geiger counter to try and pick up radiation


- page 24 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Whether they were successful or
not I couldn't say.
Several days later, memorable days
filled with being laughed at, special
etc, and strange phone calls that
had me so mixed (the phone would
sing). It's pick to try as some member
of my family to one would answer,
but we could hear something. Then
it would close in our car & I
and I wishing the whole incident
had been just a dream, were swimming
so tell folk again.

Mrs. _____ called and said I
was a little hesitant in answering
questions. (He noticed this and asked
me if the men from the air base
last told me not to discuss it.) I
admitted they liked & after few more
questions it hung up saying he planned
to see the Base.

The next day another piece appeared
in the paper, and from it we learned
that I spoke to his work _____ had
sorted the base.


- page 25 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Limits away in Districtive had been
contracted. When these reported they
had a few Shiny pieces but actually
now they were close shaped, (not an
as) Can expect, Results (clear of Districtive)
believed we had seen an in-credible
object.

4. A man at the airport had cutting
the complete take-off pattern at the
airfield. Can official said what we saw
was purely not from the air base.

5. Some B.A.F.B. officials had detailed
comment.

6. NASA had been tried to reach but
had not been able too, for comment.
What we saw, I don't know, but
I am certain beyond a shadow of
a doubt that what we saw was
not an airplane. And all the
officials in the world could not convince
me had (none true) what believed it was
a U.F.O.) and it was no star. Please
and show don't zig-zag towards said,
seen and go straight up may but
and disappear within seconds. Of
that I am certain.

What your opinion I hope you will


- page 26 -

Here is the text from the document:

See me
I can assure you this is no spook letter. If you will send evidence of the you can contact Stewart Alupson those in Pittsburgh, Local Held, Electrifying The Record in Mobilization, or Harold Elston Barndale, or even Westbrook Alupset.

Please write back when you do will tell you occur to next letter that appeared in our newspaper and paper on surrounding cities, not long after the big break-up. also a strange report that came into our local radio station the night of our shake-out.

I would tell you about it now being just five taken enough time of yours in this letter. Besides I am pressed for time on the moment. I will write you about it very soon + will also give places of reference if you wish to assure yourself of my honesty.

Please write back.

A single citizen,
[signature area blacked out]


- page 27 -

I saw it remains fresh in my memory
to this day & always will. Just see if we
clearly do of it happened yesterday.
I am certainly no artist but hope it will
be of some help.


- page 28 -

Text found in the document:

Extremely
Bright
Object
White Large
Inside

Flight of Travel


- page 29 -

HQ CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: Flying Saucer "review"
Nov-Dec 65

27 Jul 65
Carnarvon, Australia

AUSTRALIA
UFO buzzes car

From the West Australian, Perth, of
August 14, we learn how Mr. A.
Kukla and Mrs. A. Lawrence of
Nedlands were on a rock-hunting trip
near Carnarvon when they were
terrified by the antics of a UFO.
It was 7.40 p.m. on July 27, about 70
miles S.E. of Carnarvon when
"From an angle of about 40 degrees a
green object seemed to dive straight
towards the vehicle. It changed to an
orange colour and then to bright red.
Mr. Kukla switched off the lights
and engine and heard Mrs. Lawrence
got out. When the lights went off the
object seemed to change course and
hover in mid-air. It stayed in that
position for almost half an hour.
Mr. Kukla watched it through
binoculars. The object did two slow
circles round the car and then away to
the west. He said the object appeared
to be shaped like a squashed football
or a magnifying glass viewed from the
side. It did not change in shape or
colour while it hovered near the
vehicle."


- page 30 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: AFRO Bulletin
(PF 62-3)

27 Jul 65
San Sebastian, Spain

At San Sebastian, Spain, on the 27th, thousands of inhabitants observed a luminous object which remained motionless in the sky for 20 minutes before leaving at high speed.


- page 31 -

NO CASE:    Information Only
SOURCE:    AFRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

27 Jul 65
Brazil

In the districts of Barroso, Caitate and Gameira, Brazil, many watched a luminous plate-shaped object crossing the sky in Belo Horizonte state. The object flew slowly at first, then rapidly from right to left, leaving a yellow, blue and orange tail behind it. It remained in sight for 10 minutes. One of the witnesses was a lawyer, Mr. Wilson Jose de Sousa who used field glasses to observe it.

Date: 27 July


- page 32 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: AFRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

27 Jul 65
Lima, Peru

At 3 a. m. in the morning of the 24th, at Lima, Peru, Mr. Prospero Alva, an employee at the Chosica electric company, heard a strange noise which sounded like "bubbles and bumble bees". He was inside a building and looked out a window and saw an object of three or four meters in diameter, round and shaped like a tank, with holes all over it. Lights shone from these apertures at times, and the object had a turret on its top which rotated constantly and from which came forth a sort of elongated object. Alva got the impression that the revolving arm was some sort of scanning device. The object was on the ground about 12 meters from Alva's location. Shortly, the arm withdrew into the "turret", the object moved slowly and slightly to the right, then took off, moving slowly at first, then at great speed until it disappeared into the night sky.


- page 33 -

D. Time and date of sighting:
1. Time: 7th night, 0200
2. Was it: night, day, dawn, dusk: Night

Date: 1 Aug 65

E. Location of Observer. Where did you make this sighting? Give exact location. (If necessary give location in reference to a known land mark):
Elmhurst, Illinois
Approximately 41°54'N 87°56'W

F. Identifying Information on Observer:
1. Civilian Name: [redacted]
2. Age: 35
3. Mailing Address: [redacted]
4. Occupation: Doctor
5. Reliability: Credible - Coherent - Very Good command of language, Intelligent
6. Telephone No. [redacted]

Military:
1. Name: N/A
2. Grade: [blank]
3. Organization: [blank]
4. Duty: [blank]
5. Reliability: [blank]
6. Telephone No.: [blank]

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sighting:
1. Observer's account of weather conditions: Partly cloudy - Light breeze

2. Winds (from Weather Bureau) furnished by U.S. Weather Service O'Hare IAP, Ill.
Surface: [partially illegible]
Aloft:
6,000   290   Degrees   25   Kts 210/63
10,000  290         15   Temp 63
16,000  270         25   D/P   61
20,000  260         20
30,000  310         50
50,000  300         25
80,000  Not Recorded

3. Ceiling 02502 - MSCO Broken / High thin broken
4. Visibility: 6 miles in rocks and haze
5. Amount of Cloud Layer: 4/10 lowest deck, 4/10 3rd deck, 2/10 Hi. Stratus
6. Thunderstorm in area and quadrant in which 12 reported, 1 in area
7. Vertical Temp Gradient: Not available

3 [page number]


- page 34 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: AFRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

27 Jul 65
Alicante, Spain

At Alicante, Spain, on the 27th, a businessman driving home with his family after spending a day in the country, stated that he saw two saucer-shaped objects traveling in a south-north direction. They were very bright and looked as though they were shrouded in steam.


- page 35 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: APRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65                                   28 Jul 65
                                                                    Chincheros, Peru

On the 20th, numerous inhabitants of Chincheros, Peru, watched a luminous disc which performed varied maneuvers in the sky for about an hour. The object was seen by residents in other counties also.


- page 36 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: AFRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

28 Jul 65
Maracaibo, Venezuela

Three luminous circles of light were visually observed and tracked on radar at the Grano De Oro Airport, near Maracaibo, Venezuela on the 29th. They were flying near the main runway, about 7:30 p.m. A class 1 instruction for radar operators was in session and all the personnel observed the objects and saw the radar display. They were observed on the radar for 10 seconds. Visually, they appeared to be elongated with a bulge in the center. (The classic disc with a "cupola" on top.)


- page 37 -

NO CASE (DISTRIBUTION ONLY)                                                   29 July 1965
                                                                                        Dayton, Ohio

Memo for the Record: 29 Jul 65

Received a call from Lt Harriman, W-P AFB, Base Police at 1220,

29 Jul 65.  He received a call from the Dayton Police.  The

following information was obtained:

A Mrs Lois Lesley Goines
1223 West Riverview
Dayton, Ohio

seeking reported a flying disc at 1150 am, 29 Jul 65.  She called the

Dayton, Ohio city police and reported it.


- page 38 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Dec 65

Lima, Peru
29 Jul 65

A third Peruvian landing, which came to our attention just before press time, occurred back in July. A newspaper clipping dated July 29th tells of a young worker in Lima who saw a flying object with a flashing green light land in a parking lot. The worker, named Prospero Alva, said that it looked "like a huge piece of Swiss cheese." A turret on top revolved slowly while he watched. An arm or trunk of some kind moved in all directions. As Prospero Alva watched, the arm moved to the right and took off, moving slowly at first and then at great speed, until it disappeared into the night sky.


- page 39 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: APRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

30 Jul 65
Portland & Salem, Oregon
Spokane, Washington

In Portland and Salem Oregon and Spokane, Washington, on the 30th of July, residents reported seeing "brightly colored objects" flashing across the night sky. One individual described a bright green, thinner-plate sized object descending like a fireball. "It grew as it fell," to the size of a dinner plate", he said, and appeared to extinguish itself before reaching the horizon" An explanation came from Portland International Airport where an official said a flare was released from the south end of the field.

Associated Press pointed out that Spokane is a long way from Portland, and a man from Seattle who was visiting Spokane had reported seeing an object in the sky. Earl Gross of Seattle said he and a group of 11 others watched the objects, one in the northwest and one in the northeast, flashing red and blue lights, which moved slowly into position and then began blinking their lights.

Between 11 p.m. on the 30th and 1:30 a.m. on the 31st. He said a third object hovered near the other two for a time, then flew off rapidly. Two days prior, a Spokane County Deputy Sheriff reported observing objects while were oblong, bluish-white in color with red overtones. No further details.


- page 40 -

NO CASE:  Information Only
SOURCE:  AFRO Bulletin
(See 2nd)

30 Jul 65
Vila de Beluca, Chile

In Southern Chile, at Vila de Beluca, four km from Puerto Montt, on the 30th, a strange object landed. Fifteen people attending the wake for a young girl killed in a traffic accident, reported that the room was suddenly lighted up by a purple light and several people went outside to see what caused it. They saw a strange object which shape could not be determined because of the brilliance of the light, a few millimeters above the ground. It oscillated as it hovered for about five minutes, then took off, making a great deal of noise. The same object was apparently seen later by other residents, judging by the description.


- page 41 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: ATIC Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65                                   30 Jul 65
                                                                    Cumana, Venezuela

At 11:00 p.m. on 30 July people leaving a movie theater in Cumana, Venezuela, saw a luminous object flying over the city at high speed in an east to west direction. It gave off yellowish lights and appeared to be a "flying saucer" wrapped in flames. The same or a similar object was seen crossing the sky over Lecberia, a seaside resort some 60 or 70 miles from Cumana, in Anzoategui state.


- page 42 -

NO CASE:   Information Only
SOURCE:   APRO Bulletin
           (Pg. 62, 63)

30 Jul 65
Sintra, Spain

On the 30th, also, a "flying saucer" was reported hovering over the Air Base at Sintra, which is about 35 kilometers from Lisbon, Spain.


- page 43 -

NO CASE:    Information Only
SOURCE:    AFRO Bulletin
          Sep-Oct 65                                  31 Jul 65
                                                      Goomumbla, New South Wales

Early on Saturday morning, the 21st a striking look place in Australia, AT the McLintock farm at Goomumbla, New South Wales, the family was waked early by the howling of the dogs. When they went outside to investigate, they saw a disc-shaped object hovering over the farmyard. It had a rod protruding from the top and two from the bottom, and emitted two beams of light. It remained stationary over the farm yard for 15 minutes before moving off.


- page 44 -

Here is the text from the document:

K. Did you notice any unusual activity or conditions, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting None

L. Did you take any photographs No
Do you know of any existence of physical evidence of materials None

INITIALS CWS

ADDITIONAL VIEWS BY READER SECTION: Towering Cumulus in area.

COMMENT: During the time Dr was relating this observation I was
impressed with his sincerity in this belief that there was "something"
unusual that should be reported. He admitted a delay in reporting the
incident was a feeling that he might appear foolish. I know of no
special or unusual activities in or around the Chicago area which might
tend to explain this report.

[Signature]
Clayton W. Salisbury, Civilian
Base Flight Operations Dispatcher

4


- page 45 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: AFRO Bulletin
(Ser. Oct 64)

31 Jul 65
Benton City, Washington

Back in northwestern U.S. at 10 p.m. on the 31st, two teenagers at Benton City, Washington sighted an unidentified object. No details were given in the news story, but it was noted that Richland police, to whom the mother of one of the youngsters reported, had in turn notified the Franklin County Sheriff's office. A deputy said that the Othello Radar Base was notified but Major William Myers, station commander, said no information was received. Meyer asked all Columbia Basin residents who sighted unidentified lights to call the radar base immediately so an attempt can be made to track them.


- page 46 -

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: APRO Bulletin, Sep-Oct 65

31 Jul 65
Sydney, Nebraska

It was at this point that UFO activity really shifted north, and citizens of Sydney, Nebraska reported seeing four white objects in a diamond-shaped formation on the night of the 31st. One individual said that a red object entered the formation before it went out of sight. Spokesmen for the Scottsbluff weather bureau said that their radar tracked nothing.


- page 47 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

No Case, Information Only
Source:    IFR, Vol. 1, No. 4, Nov 65

Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
31 Jul 65

AIR FORCE INVESTIGATION
RESULTS

According to information received
from Project Blue Book Headquar-
ters, at Wright-Patterson AFB, the
UFO sightings published in the
September issue of the IFR, under
"The Invasion Begins" has been ex-
plained.

The Wynnewood, Oklahoma sight-
ing on July 31st (this page 10)
has been identified as the Cape-
hart radar returns that Carswell
AFB picked up were only micro-
wave radar returns that were picked
up at Tinker AFB, Ft. Worth report-
ed that no unusual returns were pick-
ed up by them. The radar returns
were identified as a balloon that was
launched from Will Rogers World
Airport local in Oklahoma City.
All other returns from the Oklahoma
area appeared as stationary returns.
The radar returns from the 766th
AC&W Sq near Oklahoma City was
estimated at 10,000 ft. elevation,
range 20 miles to the South. The ob-
ject was tracked to a range of 29
miles at an azimuth of 205 degrees.
"The majority of the visual reports
were to the East and to the North-
east of Oklahoma City." Our as
stated by Major Quintanilla, release
on the cause of the initial reports
stands as correct." (Published in the
September issue of the IFR page 19).
This evaluation was of multiple
sightings from the Cheyenne, Wyo-
ming, Colorado and Nebraska area
on the night of the 31st of July.
These sightings were made between
2 a.m. and dawn and consisted of 75
reports by military and civilian per-
sonnel. At the time of the Air Force
release we had no knowledge of re-
ports from the Oklahoma area."
PHOTO Wright-Patterson AFB on the
morning of August 2nd of the re-
cent sightings. But a full report was
delayed for several days. As soon as
the Air Force investigation results

were released Hayden Hewes again
notified Wright-Patterson AFB to
the effect that most of the people in
Oklahoma were going for the
Air Force explanation. At which time
he was told that this did not apply to
Oklahoma. That the Oklahoma sight-
ings were just coming in. "Who-
ever made the mistake assumed that
this release covered all sightings
throughout the midwest. The Air
Force made a mistake in not speci-
fically stating that the reports were
from Wyoming, Nebraska and Colo-
rado."


- page 48 -

Release, Information Only
Source: IP, Vol. 1, No. 4, Nov 65

Oklahoma City, Okla.
31 Jul '65

34 July 31, 1955. At approximately 9:07 PM, near Oklahoma City several persons observed a bright light traveling north to a bright light traveling north. The UFO was observed for about two minutes. During this time it flashed a red light several times.

#34-Possible aircraft?


- page 49 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                                   31 July 1965
Mt. Airy, North Carolina

On the basis of recent sightings of UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS stateside, nationwide and worldwide in recent months have come reports of sightings and landings of flying saucers near Mt. Airy, North Carolina. The investigation lasted a total of nine hours.

And on hand Captain his vacation from Raleigh, N.C. was a Frank Airy Hartley, Lt. George D. Faucette, a Professional Vehicles Coordinator in Pennsylvania and also a serious civilian UFO investigator and researcher for over the past 20 years.

Both of the sightings Faucette investigated occurred on the outskirts of Mount Airy, in the early morning, under perfect weather conditions and with similar cigar-shaped unknown flying objects. Other UFOs had been observed in these same two areas in recent weeks also.

The first sighting was reported by Coleman, Mr. John H. Faucette, 45, of R. Poe Co. and a resident of 215 E. Lebanon Street in Mount Airy. Faucette encountered case on July 22, when he reported to watched a reddish-orange cigar-shaped object hovering above a smokstack for 21 minutes at the Flat Rock section of the Mount Airy Granite Quarry. He watched the object, which seemed to be hovering around 150 to 200 feet above a 50 foot chimney at the quarry through one of the house windows. The mystery object, which was 4x6 in the middle and tapered at both ends like a "football" was estimated to be hovering about 2 miles away from his home at around 250 feet above the quarry at Asbury, under clear skies with some chilling. When the "football" finally moved at west like it was climbing a series of steps up vertically and then disappeared in the distant eastern sky.

The Faucette account occurred early on Thursday morning, August 12 at 3:20 a.m. and was reported by housewife, Mrs. T.W. Schneider, who was visiting her mother, Mrs. Will Blankenship on the Pipers Gap Road area near Mount Airy. Mrs. Schneider, 45, on vacations from 1315 21st Street, Jersey City, New Jersey, was in the Pipers Gap Road area from Mount Airy to Fancy Gap and the landing incident occurred about 5 miles North of Mount Airy toward Stuart, N.C. The landing area had a well-lighted road, but it did not show an above normal background radiation count. It was checked by Geiger Counter by Faucette via visit of the Mount Airy Bureau - Squad and by Faucette, however this check was eleven days after the incident and heavy rains recently may have erased such evidence.


- page 50 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some words are slightly illegible due to image quality, but I've transcribed as accurately as possible]

Day a woman who was walking to work for late no she tried in vain to make up time. Blackburn and had a steady burning circle. Mrs. Schwendler said the could not see the windows of the only streetlights against the sky and top of the houses.

As she lifted the shade of the window to the sun just in time to see a cigar-shaped object having a reddish yellow light rise close the trees and telescope pole and wires to the back of the house and toward the Paper Cup Yard to the North. The strange signal object rising, was motionless, moved to the right and to the 10:15 and up and down from the Sandy trailer the wires to the North, then to northwest and back again toward the house. at this point Mrs. Schwendler said she could distinctly hear the swishing of the oak tree leaves overhead and 10:15 of the house from the back side of the object pulled the nearby trees.

She finally managed to get back to bed, but only 5 hours came before dawn. Mrs. Blackburn told of Tennent for daughter was almost scared to death and also that she told Mrs. Schwendler that the incident should be reported to authorities, but they decided not to.

The next morning Mrs. Blackburn, Mrs. Schwendler and other family members discovered a perfect 12 foot diameter area surrounded by a 6 inch wide white ring. The area was about 25 feet behind the house and around 60 feet from the telephone pole and wires in the front yard.

In the inside of the circle the grass remained higher and was left untouched. Grass and three leaves were scattered to the left of the house all over the ground and many of the trees in the area showed twisted leaves on their rising, as if done by a revolving force or some (illegible) spinning object.

The object evidently landed straight down for about 25 minutes and then took off quickly, the nearby trees then bent west and swayed clearly back to the least before disappearing in the distance behind the tall oak trees to the NE or the trees.

The local area investigating both of these recent cases. After sightings stated that by night, because of the evidence collected and because of the visibility of both of the sightings and similar connections that the sightings were worthy of attention.

[The last line appears partially cut off and is difficult to read completely]


- page 51 -

Here is the text from the newspaper page:

WINSTON-SALEM
WINSTON-SALEM, N. C., MONDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 6, 1965

JOURNAL
10 Pages

They See Flying Saucers
- Or Something, by Jingo!
By Dick Crout
Aviation Staff Writer

NORRIS CITY, Ill. - People
around Norris City are seeing
- and in one case hearing -
strange things.

Mrs. T. E. Schumaker, Alley
Alley native and self-acclaimed
expert on unidentified flying
objects, believes these people
are seeing something real.

In this city, she reports,
people have seen something
similar to this reported
recently in a newspaper story
in Easley, Pa., has been validated in this town by Mrs.
Schumaker, who says she
found himself spending much
of his vacation investigating
what he believes may have
been doing it for 10 years.

She heard more than she
saw. She was confused and
frightened when she was
able to see what she says
was a car stuck behind
the house, spinning its wheels.

When she was fully roused,
she could see a large mass
was too large to be a car. It
was humming like a top, she
says, much louder. It was
loud because it was so
loud.

Then she suddenly perceived that there was no way
for a car to get behind the
house without going through
and she had barricaded the
driveway.

"I could hear the whirring
noise of the car and our
radio went dead," she said. "I
could hear the air in a pine
tree near the window."

She said that she finally
should do. I rose and started
to call my husband, but I
couldn't speak. I couldn't
move. I was frightened, but
I don't know what. I just
can't. I think it did something
to me that prevented me from
moving.

She was finally able to
reach this window, and pull
back a drawn shade.

The back of the house is to
the west, and when she
looked out it at the northwest
corner.

At some distance, rising at
an angle from such a point
that it would be impossible
for a car to be there, she
saw a mass of light, which
will rise the stars, which look
like points of light. She said
she couldn't tell how big it
was. She said it appeared to
be about the size of a car and
will rise the stars, which look
like points of light. She said
she couldn't tell how big it
was.

Changed Movements

It moved to the right. Then
to the left. Then back, then up.
Then it moved down and to
the left and disappeared because it was moving so
way.

Mrs. Schumaker's mother
and sister, who live with
her, also saw the object. It
was a bright light. They
were in the yard. The object
was over the driveway.

The mother and daughter
saw the light darken. They
decided to wait until daylight. They waited until
the light came up. They
want until daylight to call
Schumaker's husband and
tell.

She says dreaming? "No,
sir! I was, as awake as I've
ever been."

Her husband about it. He
laughed.

Gross Depressed

But he stopped laughing
when they went into the yard.
In back of the house was a
large burned area about 20
yards across. The land made a perfect circle, exactly 12 feet
across.

Along the driveway, not
more than 50 feet from the
was strewn with fresh green
leaves from a line of oak
trees. The leaves were not
uprooted, their pale
branches intact.

The Schumakers told one
neighbor about it. "We were
just talking," they said.
"They'd think I needed to be
committed."

MRS. T. E. SCHUMAKER
. . . she saw . . .

GEORGE D. FAWCETT
. . . he's a believer . . .

Case No. 1

On Aug. 15, Mrs. T. E.
Schumaker, 41, of Alley City,
was in her home about seven
miles from Norris City, near
Cypress G. Road seven miles
east of Norris City.

At about 3 a.m., Mrs. Schumaker said she was awakened
and her 13-year-old
son was aroused in another
room.


- page 52 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AIR FORCE (INFORMATION ONLY)

[Some text at the top left is partially illegible]

Remains of Circle
Remains, 12 days after
[Partial text, some words not fully clear]

[Several paragraphs of text, with some words difficult to read]

Case No. 2
John Parties of 215 E. Lesh
Street, a salesman for
[Rest of text for Case No. 2 continues]

Case No. 3
Monday, Tues. of Mount
Airy, R.1. the Buck Shoals
Road, has been making short
[Rest of text for Case No. 3 continues]

The document appears to be a report with multiple case descriptions, dated 21 July 1965, with some text being difficult to fully discern due to image quality.


- page 53 -

UFO SUMMARY SHEET
UFO Report - 7/31/5

WITNESS: Mr. Edwin G. Finley
         15 Kenmore Road
         W. Yarmouth, Massachusetts

EDUCATION: High School
OCCUPATION: Retired *
            20 years Senior Inspector of
            Office for the U.S. Navy with
            20 years experience

DATE: 31 July 1965                      TIME: 1st sighting: 3:12-3:16 AM EDT
                                         2nd sighting: 4:20-4:27 AM EDT

BACKGROUND:
The accounts of this particular sighting appeared in the 31 July issue of the Quincy, Mass. "Patriot Ledger". I sent subsequent analysis Bruce Kinesia & investigator NICAP. Kindred Halsey and Hal Wilcox with NICAP UFO report form. Data from the interview and filled-out form.

SIGHTING ACCOUNT # 1 (1st sighting):
Mr. Finley, who rises often during the night to care for his wife who has heart condition, was up just after 3:00 AM on the morning of 31 July 1965, and was sitting out on a recliner at his sliding glass doors which face in the southern sky. He got a pair of 8 X 60 German navy field glasses to observe. He looked out and saw a large, somewhat bright object in the sky. It appeared to be at an apparent side of somewhere between a nickel and a half-dollar held at arm's length. He described it like a glowing "fruit basket" or "old-fashioned wash tub". Of varied in color from silver to gray to orange and red on the bottom. He separate lights such as airplanes with lights and moving in different directions. The object appeared to be at fieldglasses. It was quite clearly on an irregular flight path starting from the W and moving into the west. When viewed through the field glasses, it was clearly of a solid construction. The elevation was 60-70°. It moved clearly on an irregular flight path starting from the W and moving into the west. When viewed through field glasses, it seemed to stop and hover momentarily for several times along its path.

[Hand-drawn sketch of a UFO with directional annotations]

SIGHTING ACCOUNT # 2 (2nd sighting):
Mr. Finley continued to observe the sky at the same position in back of his house. The object was still visible. At 4:20 AM he spotted a large object and was quite object. The large object was approximately 1/2 to 3/4 the size of the first object. This object was silvery white in color. He described smaller silvery objects flying directly over the first large object. These smaller objects appeared to move in a formation. He could see the objects moving fast into the west and then suddenly vanish. His view was limited by the window space.


- page 54 -

UFO Report - 7/31/5 - Mr. Edwin S. Finley - Page two

EVALUATION:

The sky was clear and many stars could be seen. Powerful field glasses were used in observing the objects. The area checked was near Elmhurst, Illinois and examined that they were excellent. We questioned the witness quite thoroughly and concluded that he was calm and competent. He gave no indication of being prone to exaggeration. One of the best.

It is quite apparent that the objects, especially the larger one was not a conventional aircraft. Mr. Finley stated that it fell into the category of any international object. Mr. Finley stated "I can't say that it was more than a mile away. It makes you wonder".

It is the opinion of the investigator and myself that this sighting was at 9:05 PM. Although most of the observations occurred in July and early August, these good UFO reports not recognized as such, this seems to be one.

Respectfully submitted,
[Signature]
Raymond S. Fowler
Chairman, NICAP Mass. Subcommittee
(Investigator: Bruce D. Maccabee)


- page 55 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

TELEPHONE [partially obscured]

OAK PARK, ILL. 60302

[date appears to be 8/3/65]

928 Top Covey Org
ATIC Interceptor Project
Chicago Ill 60666
Attn: C.R.T.

Dear Sir:

[Remainder of text is partially legible, but appears to describe an observation/incident on 7/31/65 around 9:45 - 9:50 CDT, involving a sighting of a light near 137 E. Capitol, Elmhurst, Ill. The text mentions some details about the observation, including something about a "Southern High" and an angle of about 55 degrees. The document seems to be a report or letter describing a UFO or unusual aerial sighting.]

Some words and phrases are difficult to make out completely due to the image quality.


- page 56 -

Here is the text from the document:

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Ave., N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions used by the United States Air Force and by other armed forces' investigating agencies, and additional agencies. We welcome your cooperation in filling out this questionnaire as completely as possible.

After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our evaluation sheet will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued newsletter or in circular publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use another sheet of paper. Photostat or typewrite if possible. Your assistance is of great value and is gratefully appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name: R. Edwin C. Finley
Address: 15 Mermont Rd.
Mt. Wayneright
Telephone: EDS - 56663

2. Date of Observation: 26 July 1965
3. Locality of Observation: North Waynesville
4. How long did you see the object? 1-2 Mins. of Stratus - Seconds
5. Place describe weather conditions and the type of sky, i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc.
   Clear
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in the sky in relation to the object seen by you.
   Doesn't apply
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, was the object visible?
   Yes, 9:20 PM approx.
8. Were there more than one object? Yes, if so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, if any.
   Enclosed
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, etc?
   Solid, no revolving
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky?
    Yes
11. If so, compare the brightness with the sun, moon, streetlight, etc.
    2-3A seen
12. Did the object(s):
    a. Appear to move still or in motion? Yes
    b. Suddenly speed up and move in any way or any line? Yes
    c. Appear to bob up or wiggle? No
    d. Give off smoke? No
    e. Leave any visible trail? No
    f. Disappear suddenly? No
    g. Change shape? No
    h. Change color? No
    i. Change size? No

13. Did the object(s) stop/time pass in one place, or whirl, or shift, or anything? If so, please state distance, size, etc. if possible.
    No

14. Was there any wind? No. If so, please give direction and speed.

15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windows, crosshairs, camera, etc.?
    2 x 60 Binoculars

16. Did the object(s) move any sound? No.

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred.
    b. Like a bright star.
    c. Undescribable.
    With much surrounding light.


- page 57 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

TO: Who the object? --

a. Color?
b. Size?
c. Reflecting?
d. Translucent?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? Could not tell.

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
    a. Pinhead
    b. Nail
    c. Dime

    d. Nickel
    e. Half dollar
    f. Silver dollar

    (Some handwritten notes next to these items)

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? Just looked out the window

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Checking house where a jet went past

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? Faded

24-26. (Partially filled with notes, but not fully legible)

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? 40-70°

28. Names and addresses of other witnesses: NONE

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation (with details) - Partially filled out

30. Is there any object, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? Yes.
    Continued on sheet NIKE SITE & Boston Ave. Palo.

31-34. (Various questions partially filled out with handwritten notes)

Date of filling out this report: Aug. 9th, '63.

Signature: Edwin C. Finley


- page 58 -

1 - 3 AUGUST 1965 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                      OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

Aug     Hamilton, Ohio                [REDACTED]                INSUFFICIENT DATA
Aug     Waynesville, Ohio             [REDACTED]                INSUFFICIENT DATA
Aug     Pierre, Minnesota              [REDACTED]                Astro (METEOR)
Aug     Charles City, Iowa             [REDACTED]                INSUFFICIENT DATA
Aug     Avon, New York                 [REDACTED]                Other (MISINTERPRETATION OF CONVENTIONAL OBJECTS)

Aug     Bakersfield, California        [REDACTED]                AIRCRAFT
Aug     Albuquerque, New Mexico        [REDACTED]                AIRCRAFT
Aug     Yonkers, N.Y.                  [REDACTED]                INSUFFICIENT DATA
Aug to  Houston, Texas Area (Ellington AFB) (one PHOTO) (Negative [REDACTED]                requested, Not Rec'd) Carried as ONE file and evaluated as Other (MISINTERPRETATION OF CONVENTIONAL OBJECTS)

1       West of Topeka, Kansas         [REDACTED]                (RADAR)
1       Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania        [REDACTED]                Other (GROUND TARGETS)
1       Chicago, Illinois               [REDACTED]                Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
1       Hereford, Texas                 [REDACTED]                SATELLITE
1       Kansas City, Kansas             [REDACTED]                Astro (METEOR)
1       Ext AFB, Colorado               [REDACTED]                SATELLITE
1       Idaho Falls, Pocatello, Idaho   [REDACTED]                Astro (STARS)
1       Auburn, New York                [REDACTED]                Astro (METEOR)
2       Fort Worth, Texas               [REDACTED]                INSUFFICIENT DATA
2       Kansas City, Missouri           [REDACTED]                SATELLITE
2       Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio            [REDACTED]                SATELLITE
2       Dayton, Ohio                    [REDACTED]                AIRCRAFT
                                                                  1. Astro (MARS)
2       Kettering, Ohio                 [REDACTED]                2. Astro (SPICA)
2       Kansas City, Kansas             [REDACTED]                Astro (METEOR)
2       Alexandria, Virginia            [REDACTED]                Astro (SATURN)
2       Albuquerque, New Mexico         [REDACTED]                Other (REFLECTION)
2       Florence, Arizona               [REDACTED]                1. AIRCRAFT
                                                                  2. SATELLITE

2       Algadones, New Mexico           [REDACTED]                INSUFFICIENT DATA
2       Austin, Texas                   [REDACTED]                SATELLITE
2       Honolulu, T.H.                  [REDACTED]                Other (MISINTERPRETATION OF CONVENTIONAL OBJECTS)

3       Brooklyn, New York              [REDACTED]                INSUFFICIENT DATA
3       Colorado Springs, Colorado      [REDACTED]                Astro (METEOR)
3       Santa Ana, California           [REDACTED]                Other (HOAX)
3       Gregory, Texas                  [REDACTED]                Astro (VENUS)
3       Albuquerque, New Mexico         [REDACTED]                Other (FLARES/FIREWORKS)
3       Sioux City, Iowa                [REDACTED]                AIRCRAFT
3       Schenectady, New York           [REDACTED]                AIRCRAFT
3       Chicago, Illinois               [REDACTED]                Other (IMAGINATION)
3       Laredo, Texas                   [REDACTED]                AIRCRAFT
3       Ocala, Florida                  [REDACTED]                Other (INVESTIGATION/REFLECTION)

3       Salt Springs, California        [REDACTED]                Astro (IMAGE)
3       Honolulu, Hawaii                [REDACTED]                Astro (METEOR)
3       San Mateo, California           [REDACTED]                Multiple                                                                  Astro (METEOR)

SEPARATE FOLDER


- page 59 -

1 - 3 AUGUST 1965 SIGHTINGS
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                SOURCE                  EVALUATION

Aug     Brazil                  News Clipping
Aug     Cordoba Mts., Argentina
Aug     Phoenix, Arizona        (Ltr)                  (Form 164)
Aug     Walcott, Iowa           (Form 164)
Aug     Louisville, Kentucky    (Ltr)                  (Form 164)
Aug     Comack, N.Y.            (Green 164)
Aug     St. Francis, Wisc.      (Green 164)
Aug     Pearl River, N.Y.       (Green 164)
1       Belluco, Chile          News Clipping
1       Lima, Peru
1       Sydney, Australia
2       Wichitas, Kansas
2       Llanquihue, Chile
2       Buenos Aires, Argentina
2       Bells, Texas
2       Arizona Area            (PHOTOS)
2       Tulsa, Okla.
2-3     Valentine, Nebr. (PHOTOS)
3-5     Brazil                  News Clipping
3-5     Fayetteville, Arkansas  (Ltr)

@ separate folder


- page 60 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

TELEPHONE [partially obscured]
OAK PARK, ILL. 60302

[First paragraph is partially legible, with some words difficult to make out clearly]

Pampered some 15 to 20 min. sitting much closer in wing at almost 35 angle.

[Rest of the text is partially legible, with some words and phrases discernible but not completely clear]

Then waited in eyes to draw near to disappear behind

Total signal time almost
11 minutes from first to last sighting

The handwriting appears to be cursive and somewhat difficult to read with complete certainty. Some words and phrases are legible, but not the entire text.


- page 61 -

Here is the text from the document:

TELEPHONE
OAK PARK, ILL. 60302

First unknown was that a
yet explained high or sky
than was at phenomenon seemed was
drawn with a flashing across-
con'cluded standstill that when
no news again of such an
occurrence. It looked like
I would imagine the
flashing was any of a report
made into width atmosphere
after something its projected.

I hope this statement
documents will colored log
the dreams excitement of
felt at its time of sighting.

[Signature is blacked out]


- page 62 -

NO CASE (INFORMATION ONLY)                FOWLER                     21 July 1965
                                                    HINGHAM, MASSACHUSETTS

EVALUATION:     BEING 1 SATELLITE - Mid-point of transit = 9:30 PM EDT

                Respectfully submitted,
                [Signature]
                Harold E. Smith
                NICAP Investigator

Several local newspapers carried these sightings


- page 63 -

