Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
13 March 65 14/0059

2. LOCATION
Rochester, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT*

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
"Witness saw object in pursuit of body and observed a glare of something across the sky. Too fast for satellite, no blinking. Observed in western sky. Too slow for meteor. At 2700 feet in 1-2 min. next activity.

COMMENTS: "Witness reported on what object was NOT rather than providing data for track. Significant that a/c and satellite were not involved, because passed over at 1540 about 1/2 hour before. Possible track 5907 II was a/c. Object was likely a/c. Speed was triggered by an a/c observation. Speed of too fast for satellite to slow for meteor (apparent speed) is inconsistent with a/c observation, lack of blinking. It does not eliminate a/c as a cause."

FTD SEP 65 0-629 (TDE)


- page 1 -

Project Bluebook
Wright-Patterson Air-
Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

Sir, we are writing to you on behalf
of our body. We watch the stars and
such for Unidentified Flying Objects. (U.F.O.)
We would like to get some study group
some pamphlets on flying saucers and other
U.F.O.'s, and aerial phenomena that have
been seen as recorded. We observed at one
time something that looked like glowing
disk slowly moving across the sky. It was too
fast for a satellite and it had no blinking so
it couldn't be an airplane. There is some
more data on this object. The date was March
13 1965 and the time was approx 7:45 PM. The
place was Salem St. in my town. We saw
it in the West sky when it was low.
It wasn't a meteor because it was moving

Rochester, New York
March 20, 1965


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Slowly. It was at the solar satellite
because it was scheduled for the next morning.
Anticipating hope you will endeavor some
letter. We are to cooperate. We will be back.

Sincerely Yours,

Rochester, N.Y.

In the "Remarks" section, the text is mostly illegible, with only partial fragments visible.


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Address section, partially legible]
1 and T. Blakely
Center P.O. Box
[rest of address is illegible]
Elm Ohio

[Postage stamp with a profile portrait, denomination is 5 cents]

There is a postmark visible, but the details are not fully clear.

The image also contains three small black rectangular objects that appear to be circuit boards or electronic components.


- page 4 -

