The image does not contain any photographs. However, I can provide the text from the document as follows:

DATE - TIME GROUP: 4 July 65 05/0115Z
LOCATION: Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania
SOURCE: Civilian 
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 Minutes
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
COURSE: Straight flight East to West at about 60 deg elevation. Oval.
PHOTOS: No
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
CONCLUSION: AIRCRAFT

No data indicated that object was not a/c. Duration flight and the description as well as the flashing light leads to this conclusion.

Object reported as a light, about as bright as a light bulb with edges like a bright star, flashed. Disappeared behind buildings. White. No sound. Light on back of object was flashing. Straight flight East to West at about 60 deg elevation. Oval. Witness 11 1/2 yr old girl.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only a sketch showing an illustration and a compass diagram. The sketch depicts an object or objects in the sky and how they were seen from the observer's perspective, along with instructions to draw a picture indicating the path and changes in direction of the object(s).

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with text filled out by hand.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 Oct. 1965
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

It was oval in shape, luminous, with flashing lights underneath. The night sky was hazy over a Portuguese village, (or so-called Assunção, the same descriptoon)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an envelope addressed to "Headquarters United States Air Force (SAFOI(C)), Washington, D.C. 20330" with a postmark from Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania dated July 31, 1965.

Headquarters United States Air Force (SAFOI(C))
Washington, D.C.
20330

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
Mrs Hunt/man/SAFOXC/73842/10 Aug 65

AUG 11 1965

Dear Sir:

This is in reference to the clipping on the Atlantic observations of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) which was forwarded to this office for inclusion in Project Blue Book files. 

It is requested that you provide any additional information and details that you may have regarding this observation, to include the date, time, location, description of the object(s), and the number of witnesses. This information is needed in order to investigate reports such as this and to include in Project Blue Book files.

Several important items of data were missing from your letter regarding your observation of 4 July 1965. We have not received a completed UFO report form 14 in order to evaluate the sighting. We have not received a photograph, if one was obtained. Please forward this information at your earliest convenience.

If you are thinking of reporting on Project Blue Book, which will explain in detail the procedures to follow, we would appreciate receiving a copy of your report.

Sincerely,

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Chief, Project Blue Book
Community Relations Division
of Information

Miss ----
Revere, Massachusetts 02151

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten letter describing an observed unidentified flying object.

Dear Sirs,

Sunday night July 4, 1965 at approximately 9:30 P.M. my cousin and I saw an unidentified flying object in the sky. I was visiting my cousin who lives in Ashington, Mass. 02151 when this occurred at 9:30. We were casually observing the eastern sky, when suddenly we spotted the object. I was looking through the telescope when my attention was called to the moving object in the sky. Before we saw the object start to move, it was stationary, forming with other stars an acute isosceles triangle. Then it sped up rapidly and it appeared to be traveling at an approximately 50 thousand miles an hour. It disappeared as it moved through the object moving across the sky and vanished. This object which I observed earlier, this object which was in the eastern sky, began moving.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, specifically Project Blue Book.

OCR Output:

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF:

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs Hunt)
    Washington, D.C. 20330

Reference the attached letter from you requesting information on unidentified flying objects and reporting an observation on the 05 July 1965. The following suggested reply:

a. Dear Mrs Hunt,
We are returning the clipping on the Antarctic observations as you requested. This particular release failed to include a statement from NORAD, an astronomical observatory in Chile, who regarded the objects as a refraction of the atmospheric body. The United States Air Force has made a survey of similar incidents in other countries, and incidents such as this are not included in Project Blue Book files.

Several important bits of data were missing from your letter regarding your observation of 6 July 1965. In order that a proper evaluation can be made, Project Blue Book has not received a previous report on this sighting.

We are also attaching a brochure on Project Blue Book which will explain the Air Force progress on this program to date.

                                FOR THE COMMANDER

                                ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
                                Colonel, USAF
                                Deputy for Technology
                                and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report from someone named "Sincerly yours" from Beverly, Mass. The text describes an experience with observing "flying saucers" and scientific officials at "two Antarctica bases" who verified the sighting. The letter writer requests that the information be kept confidential and thanks the recipient.

Text from the document:

There days after this experience I notified officials on the flying saucers. It stated that scientists at two Antarctica bases verified a saucer - shaped object in the sky which maneuvers were very similar to the onewe saw. These officials say it confirm that we were obeject correct in our observation. 

These officials saw it on Saturday July 3rd. We saw it on Sunday July 4th. Scientific officials verified the story and stated that there scientists were present at these bases.  

I mail it back to me with your reply, because I would like to have it. We would appreciate it if you would write back and comment on this and give us all the information possible on the subject.

Thank you
Sincerly yours
Beverly, Mass.
02154

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document describing a UFO sighting.

Downward in a diagonal line towards the south, a bright light came up running from the west. As it came up, it luminous from the outline as it came down gradually and then came to a complete stop. It remained motionless for about twenty seconds. Then it began to travel again, making a turn towards the east, then disappeared over the eastern horizon.

Throughout this event, the object was bluish green except for a few seconds when it appeared to get brighter. They called the Office of the U.F.O. ("unidentified flying objects") and asked if there was an earth-made satellite visible at 9:30 on that evening. They said that only Venus was visible at that time, and at 10:30 this object could not be an airplane or satellite as it did not move like any known aircraft.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten letter or report related to a UFO sighting.

Five days after this experience I notical in the Boston Herald an artitle on flying saucers. It stated that scientists at two Antarctic bases sighted a terns - shaped object in the sky. Response accelertas were manual and maneurevering abilities were mentioned. The same report was sighted at a base in Chile and Buenos aires these officials saw if on Saturday July 3rd. We saw it on Sunday July 4th. Scientific officials verified the story. Whoever has a photo of such an occurrence is requested to mail it back to me with your reply, because if would like to have it. We would appreciate it if you would write back and comment on this and give us all the information possible on the matter.
Sincerely yours,
Yvonne, Mass.
03/15/51

- page 10 -

The image contains a photograph showing two alleged Antarctic bases for flying saucers according to the text on the page. The text describes a report about a mysterious object that was seen in Chile, moving at great speed and causing interference in electronic devices. The text also mentions a Chilean base commander who observed the object and confirms that it was yellowish-red in color. Additionally, the text mentions the observation of the object by the Navy in Buenos Aires, Argentina.

TWO ANTARCTIC BASES SIGHTING SAUCER
SANTIAGO, Chile--From the official reports that a mysterious hen-shaped object, maneuvering and moving at great speed, was sighted near a nearby small island."
The interference was confirmed by the navy communicated in Buenos Aires. 
Mario Jahn Barrera, commander of the Chilean base, reported that the object was "yellowish-red, and sancing to green, yellow and going." It would slaer quickly. Then it stopped and after 10 minutes, anything could be seen.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, containing a handwritten letter.

President Johnson
1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
Dallas, Texas

Dear President Johnson:

On Sunday night, when I was out in my yard, I saw a flashing light which was bright and seemed to be moving around from place to place over in the distance. It was just like the lights an aircraft would have, but I could not make out an aircraft itself. I just thought it was a few minutes.  

Monday night, on the 10:00 P.M. news, we spotted over Portugese village and another place that a flying saucer was sighted. The description of it was exactly what I had seen. The saucer lights in the sky over my yard a few minutes. I just wanted to tell you.

Yours truly,

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter.

Dear Sirs:
I wrote to you and described an unidentified flying object to you which I had seen. You sent me this form which I have completely filled out to the best of my ability. I hope it is to your satisfaction. If you are still studying it, please contact me.

Yours Truly
Mountain Air Mass.
8/27/1945
August 27, 1945

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please answer each question as fully as you can. The information you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that you answer personal information as that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 4 July 1965 
2. Time of day: 9:52 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Arlington, MASS. City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 0 Hour 30 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Accurate to electric clock
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes 
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy c. Hazy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

FTD OCT 52 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document, produced using OCR:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
  a. None
  b. A few
  c. Bright
  d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
  a. Bright moonlight
  b. Dull moonlight
  c. Obscured by clouds or too dark
  d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
  a. Clear sky
  b. Hazy clouds
  c. Scattered clouds
  d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
  a. Dry
  b. Fog, mist, or light rain
  c. Moderate or heavy rain
  d. Snow
  e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
  a. Solid
  b. Transparent
  c. Vapor
  d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
  a. Brighter
  b. Dimmer
  c. About the same
  d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 20 watts bulb 12 feet away

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
  b. Like a bright star
  c. Sharply outlined
  d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
  a. Appear to stand still at any time?
  b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
  c. Break into parts or explode?
  d. Give off smoke?
  e. Change brightness?
  f. Change shape?
  g. Flash or flicker?
  h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or form related to a UFO sighting or report.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? About 50,000 M.P.H.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 300 to 500 miles out in space

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
A common object in the sky would be a fairly bright STAR hardly twinkling.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
IT DID MOVE IN FRONT OF A CLOUD. IT WENT ABOUT 30 TO 35 FEET FROM US AND ABOUT 3 MILES FURTHER MILES FROM US FURTHER MILES FROM US AND ABOUT 30 TO 35 FEET BELOW A CLOUD.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - SEEMED TO MOVE WITH NO SOUND AT ALL
b. Color - BRIGHT BLUE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
JUST A VERY LITTLE SMALLER THAN A MATCH HEAD.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
(Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.)
STOOK SHAPED LIKE ARROWHEAD, ABOUT 100 FTET IN WIDTH - SHARP POINT FORWARD - SPEED UPWARD VERY FAST - MADE 90 ANGLE TURN TOWARD NORTHEAST - MOVED BEHIND TREES.

- page 17 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this page of the UFO report document. The page contains handwritten text providing details about a UFO sighting.

HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THIS, OR A SIMILAR OBJECT BEFORE. IF SO GIVE DATE OR DATES AND LOCATION AUGUST 2, 1965 AT ABOUT 10:10 PM
WAS ANYONE ELSE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT? YES
IF YOU ANSWERED YES, DID THEY SEE THE OBJECT TOO? YES
PLEASE LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES: REDACTED (AT THE TIME OF THE EXPERIENCE)
PRESENT ADDRESS: DRIVE MENTO PARK CALIFORNIA
TELEPHONE NUMBER: REDACTED
AGE: 13 SEX: FEMALE
INDICATE ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF, INCLUDING ANY SPECIAL EXPERIENCES, WHICH MIGHT BE PERTINENT: OBSERVER A 2.0" TELESCOPE, I OBSERVE THE OBJECT VERY OFTEN AT NIGHT. MY COUSIN ALSO HAS A TELESCOPE AND IS ALSO AN AMATEUR ASTRONOMER. WE ARE SURE THAT THE OBJECT WAS NOT ONE OF THOSE THINGS.
WHEN AND TO WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SEEN THE OBJECT? THE SMITHSONIAN ASTROPHYSICAL OBSERVATORY CAMBRIDGE MASS.

- page 18 -

The image contains a compass rose diagram and instructions for sketching an object's position in the sky. However, there does not appear to be any actual photograph present in this particular page from the Project Blue Book document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "G" on the compass where you first saw the object.

90°
75°
60° 
45°
30°
15°
0°
N NW     N   NE
W    SW    S   SE E

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 19 -

The image contains a hand-drawn diagram depicting the witness's observation of an object in the sky. The diagram shows a large object with several smaller objects around it, and the text indicates that the larger object was moving at a high speed and was hard to get. There is also some additional text describing the witness's observation.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 August 1965 Friday

35. Information which you feel pertinent; and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting. We have a more unusual or complex case than an earth-made satellite. I am sure because I have seen other satellites and this was not moving as they do. The object was not an earth-originated satellite as far as I can determine. It seemed to be a complex object and not a simple object of earth-origin can stop in mid-space without falling into atmosphere and remain stationary for a long period of time. It is true that traveling into atmosphere and remaining stationary is very difficult for an earth-made objects. The thing that was observed was a blue-green color and was a large object with smaller objects around it. Please contact me if you find anything on this or have any ideas.

AUGUST 27, 1965 FRIDAY
NORTH WESTERN 
SKY 
10:16 P.M.
object moving at 60,000 m.p.h. was hard to get, Here I got a telescope showing various things. Slowed down.
DISAPPEARED 
Rather SLOW
Reappeared
IT 9-9-1915.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be the front of an envelope or cover sheet with the text "VIA AIR MAIL" at the top, and the address "Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton Ohio, Technical Intelligence Division" written below. The text "Air Mail" is written at the bottom of the document.

VIA AIR MAIL

WRIGHT PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
DAYTON OHIO 
TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE DIVISION

AIR MAIL

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

TEXT FOUND IN THE DOCUMENT:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. About the same
c. Brighter
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. No moon
b. Bright moonlight
c. Dull or mist-like
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED TO GIVE OFF LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE SURROUNDING STARLIGHT? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: __________________

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES (NO) Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know
d. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
e. Change shape? YES NO Don't know
f. Just disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it shows a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire form that appears to be filled out.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning any unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statement or report you may have made previously, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 7 : 45 HOURS (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) HOURS 0 MINUTES 2-3 SECONDS
5.1 How was object first observed?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES NO
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. NIGHT b. CLEAR c. BRIGHT d. CLOUDY
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To right of you d. To left of you

FTD OCT 22 1964 THIS FORM SUPERSEDES FTD FORM 164, JUL 81, WHICH IS OBSOLETE.

- page 23 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire with various questions related to UFO sightings.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes      No
IF you answered YES, than what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One)     Yes      No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Near an airfield
f. Other __________ 

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North      c. East      e. South      g. West 
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One)     Yes      No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes (No)     f. Binoculars     Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses     Yes (No)     g. Telescope     Yes (No)
c. Windshield     Yes (No)     h. Theodolite     Yes (No)
d. Window glass     Yes (No)     i. Other _________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A night-landing light with a distinctive flight in about 5 degrees elevation and 20 degrees azimuth.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only a hand-drawn sketch of a simple geometric shape. 

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It just disappeared behind evergreen.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes    No    Don't know.  
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes    No    Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. ..Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   There was a soft humming sound.
b. Color    The object was bright white 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The head of the match covered about 1/20 of the object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protuberances, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A simple sketch shows an oval-shaped object with a smaller trailing shape.]

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a memorandum for the Director of Legislative Liaison, regarding a UFO-related case from Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania.

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON, SAF-OLS
SUBJECT: UFOs 
Attached is a draft of a reply to Mr. Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania, who requested information on the above subject. SAPOR action officer is Mrs. Hunt/Tab42.

- page 26 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a handwritten or typed document. There is no human face visible in the image.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

The President has asked that I reply to your recent letter regarding "flying saucers".
The investigation of unidentified flying objects reported in the skies over the United States is the responsibility of the Air Force. The name of this project is Blue Book.
In 18 years of investigating over 9,000 reports of unidentified flying objects, the evidence has proved almost conclusively that reported sightings have been objects other created and exist rather by natural phenomena or have been misidentified conventional objects under certain conditions, or caused by celestial bodies of the residue of meteoric activity.
There has never been any evidence that UFOs reported to the Air Force represented extraterrestrial vehicles. No such object reported to the Air Force has given any indication of a threat to the United States nor has any evidence been presented that any unidentified flying object exhibited characteristics beyond the scope of current technical or scientific knowledge.
I am enclosing a copy of AF Form 13A which is used for making reports of this nature to the Air Force. This form should be completed as fully as possible and returned to the following address so that an evaluation can be made of your sighting:
Mr USAF (SRINCO)
Washington, DC 20330
Sincerely,

- page 27 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you or the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes/No 
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes/No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 18 SEX: girl
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 4/72 to Air Force.

- page 28 -

