The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text extracted from the document:

Bellingham, Mass., 02019
13 November 1965

Commanding General
United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.
Attn: Unidentified Flying Object Investigation Committee

Dear Sir:

On the night of 5 November 1965, at approximately 2030 hours, I observed a large bright, pulsating red light flying in the sky at about 75-80 degrees in a northeasterly direction looking from the above-directed. I summoned my wife and two visiting friends, and they observed the same. The light remained in this position for a while, then moved slowly and hovered momentarily as a large pulsating light. They held this position for a minute or two, then all of a sudden dropped quickly down towards the ground and disappeared. 

At this point, approximately 2045 hours, the light reappeared and I was led down to a secluded area where there had been some strange activities going on between them. And there were two of these objects glowing in a southeast direction, which we suddenly noticed high up in the sky. They moved towards each other, coming at a tremendous speed, suddenly stopping and moving off again in different directions, at a great rate of speed, just over the trees. We could not determine the size, but they seemed to be about 50 to 75 feet in diameter. As they moved overhead, their edges seemed to blur slightly as an intense brilliant light. We could only see them for a few seconds at a time as they moved in and out of the clouds.

Just prior to leaving for the cleared area, I had loaded a roll of Ektachrome outdoor, ASA 32, movie film in my camera, hoping I would be lucky enough to obtain some footage. However, when I reviewed the film, there was nothing on it to indicate or show any of the activities that night. I was unsuccessful in obtaining anything as footage to indicate the strange maneuvers put on by these objects.

In closing I would like to point out that I have witnessed these strange manufacturing-like pulsating objects in this area over the past few months, except that, in the past, they appeared singularly. 

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]
Mechanical Engineer

- page 1 -

The image appears to contain a newspaper clipping or article with the headline "Strange Object In The Sky Frightens Youngsters". There is no photograph visible in this particular image, only text.

OCR Output:
Commanding General
United States Air Force
Pentagon, Washington, D.C.

As an anti-climax
to this report,
enclosed is a
copy of a clipping
from the Woonsocket
Call, Wed. 10 Nov. '65.
The area mentioned
is very close to
the area involved.

Cause Of Power Failure? 
Strange Object In The Sky 
Frightens Youngsters
Woonsocket, Mass. Nov. 10 - Two young boys got a big scare when they saw a strange object in the sky here during a power failure Tuesday night. The incident took place in the Blackstone River area west of here.
The boys, Robert Mason, 8, and Richard J. Paine, 11, told police the strange object hovered, blinding them with light and causing a loud explosion-like noise. During the incident, power was out in the northern section of the city.
The power failure was not unusual, however, and was caused by trees touching power lines, a spokesman for the Blackstone Valley Electric Co. said.
As to the strange object, police said they could offer no explanation. The boys were frightened but unable to give a detailed description. 
Trucks Cars Crash
Norwood, Mass. Nov. 10 - A large truck and a auto crashed here and one person was slightly injured in the mishap.

- page 2 -

