The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, detailing a UFO sighting in Hyattsville, Maryland on 2/16/1965.

The text in the document is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
16 February 1965 1325

2. LOCATION
Hyattsville, Maryland

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 MIN 20 SECONDS 

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Domed-Shape

8. PHOTOS
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Bright day, clear sky. Solid object sharply outlined at first, then gradually faded and disappeared. Appeared to be hovering at about 1 minute or less. Object appeared to be about 10-15 feet in diameter, and was observed at 800-900 mph. Distance from observer 300 ft. Initial flight in descent.

COMMENTS: Probable a/c observation. No data presented that this sighting could not have been an actual aircraft that existed in the vicinity. Witness account of silhouette characteristic and incident time was consistent with "flight" at the location and time reported.

FTD SEP 9-0329 (TBD) Previous editions are obsolete.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document with handwritten text at the top.

[P...... re - (ject ion o f hnving unuallg
arge"(iraft i. the area  at the ture. Ie am not oertain about the paerige s nnrlI eanoec unn;e 9.7 he)P to Identify any apecifle indiritions;nal dnaed to Indicate that this craft a11.ghtly be a
'T,T1"0. Aocording to the statenrents, ho:rever, I an not oatisfied that sny definite conclusion oan be reaehed as to the natore of the oi:Jeot cbserred. The dese:rlption of the olrjact and the taanner of its operation cIoes not, in rqr opinion, give sufficient data to identify it as enrthing other than a conventional aircraft of some type. The statement rls to its unusual size 1s not firaly enough established to Justify the conelusion thet it rra6 an uncannentlonal t3r10. The report is in no gay convinclng that an uncot:rrentional aircraft lT8s observed. T{cnetholess, the report i.s being forr.nrded fon whatever rnlue it may he].]e to the
overall project.]

- page 2 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Sara Hunt/an/SAPOICC/23/2/22
Dear Mr. ______,
Reference is made to the recent UFO report which you submitted to be used. It was determined by the Air Force that information contained in your report did not contain the objects which you observed as an aircraft. Your report did not contain sufficient information to determine the identity of the aircraft.
Sincerely,
JOHN F. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Directorate of Information
Office of Information Services
Hyattsville, Maryland 20782

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force technical information document, specifically a questionnaire related to an unidentified aerial phenomenon sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements or publications without your permission. We assure this personal information that it is necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 15 February 1965
2. Time of day: 2 hour (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Byer was Postal Address City or Town State
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1 Hours 20 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Bright b. Hazy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left

FTD OCT 62 144 This form supersedes PT 51 151 Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image contains a questionnaire-style form with questions and answer choices related to the observation of a UFO, including details about the appearance of the object, the weather conditions at the time, and the behavior of the object.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Bright
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember  

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:
________

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One is each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes___ No___ Don't know___
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes___ No___ Don't know___
c. Brake up into parts or explode? Yes___ No___ Don't know___
d. Change brightness? Yes___ No___ Don't know___
e. Change shape? Yes___ No___ Don't know___
f. Flash or flicker? Yes___ No___ Don't know___
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes___ No___ Don't know___

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form with handwritten responses. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? clearly and slowly went

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered Y, the object moved behind

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered Y, in front of

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - steady binnag sound, loud enough to hear
b. Color - dark grayish, metallic looking

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 1/8 to 1/4 of the match head

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the things that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing included]

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of a UFO object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 5,000 - 8,000 M.P.H.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 300 yares

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other __________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a town
b. In the residential section of a town
c. In open countryside
d. In the woods
e. Flying over a city
f. Flying over open country
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. South c. East d. Southeast e. Southwest f. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) 
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.
On the evening in question, I observed a bright, glowing object moving slowly from east to west at an extremely high rate of speed. The object appeared to be round or oval in shape, much larger than a star or airplane. It was moving too fast to be an airplane or other conventional aircraft.

- page 7 -

The shared image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document. It does not contain any photographs, but rather includes several sketches and diagrams related to UFO sightings.

The text found in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass to show you first saw it. Place a "D" on the compass to show where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the point where the path of the object began, and an "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text on a form related to a UFO sighting report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
The octane ocean near my home lake

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
--

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted Last Name], [Redacted First Name] 
ADDRESS [Redacted Street], Hyattsville, Prince George's, Md
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 45 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be relevant to this report.
I am a average student in chemical engineering
I have participated in group study and observations of nature for many years
I have no special training or background in Astronomy or Physics

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? [Redacted], May 6, 1965

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten text on what appears to be a questionnaire or report form. As per your instructions, I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce all the text found in the document.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: Tuesday, February 23rd

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific police questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

3:30 a.m. I awoke to look out the window at the rear of the house, as I frequently do, to observe the weather conditions, which on this particular morning were extremely clear and still. Suddenly I observed a large, luminous, oval-shaped object, which appeared to be hovering above a neighboring house, at an estimated distance of about 1/2 mile. The object was brightly illuminated, and a blue-white in color, with a definite edge or outline. It appeared to be approximately 30-40 feet in diameter, and remained stationary for several minutes. It then began to move slowly in a horizontal direction, maintaining the same altitude, and after proceeding for about a mile, suddenly accelerated at a tremendous speed and disappeared from sight. The entire observation lasted approximately 10 minutes. I am a former B-29 navigator, and am quite familiar with all types of aircraft, both conventional and jet. This object was unlike anything I have ever seen before, either in the air or on the ground. It was not an airplane, helicopter, balloon, or any other known type of aircraft. I am at a loss to explain what it was that I observed on this particular morning.

- page 10 -

