PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 25 October 65 26/0902

2. LOCATION: Wheeling, W. Va.

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: South

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT). Positional data distorted. Possible setting of Venus. However, planet could not move as the report indicates.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Bright silver lighted object. Cylinder shape with dome in middle. SE to SW, changed direction and disappeared in South. Observer is a firm believer in flying saucers.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
25     OCT    65
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 17:30
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             a. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard
(Duty officer did not work)

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Wheeling     W. Va.
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                Hours   30   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    viewed at 7:30
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                     NIGHT
a. Bright               a. Bright
b. Cloudy               b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Yes/No/Don't know columns are marked for each item]

Page 2 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Southeast to southwest & came at elevation to disappear in clouds

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
                                             It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
                                             In front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:    None
b. Color:    Silvered

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?    I would have seen appearance of 50 ft. at least across height to come off side

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Note: The drawing area is blank in this image]

Page 3 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of this object?
(Circle One)   Yes   [No]

If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   [No]   closer than a mile

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest        g. West
                                          h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank] miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses        Yes   [No]     f. Telescope         Yes   [No]
b. Sun glasses       Yes   [No]     g. Theodolite        Yes   [No]
c. Windshield        Yes   [No]     h. Other
d. Window glass      Yes   [No]     [handwritten note: "Mother's in family observed from outside"]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[blank space]


- page 5 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten note appears to be partially illegible]

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
1 July 65 - Parkersburg area, Ohio R. Br.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: [Redacted/Blacked out]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted/Blacked out]
ADDRESS [Redacted/Blacked out]
City [Redacted/Blacked out] Zone [Redacted/Blacked out] State [Redacted/Blacked out]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted/Blacked out]   AGE 42   SEX E.

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
Flying history in Flying Saucers

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?
35     C     45     P.M. F.B.I.
Day    Month    Year


- page 7 -

