PROJECT 1007 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 29 October 55 30/0645Z

2. LOCATION: Florissant, Missouri (2)

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15-20 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: Straight up

8. PHOTOS: Yes

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: A/C Possible Balloon or A/C. Description similar to balloon except for brightness. Sighting resembles a/c with landing light. Rising except did not level off. More likely A/C.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object rose straight up from the ground and took off in a parallel flight. A dull metallic color which would reflect bright objects off of it. Object disappeared into the distance. Observer saw the object out of the corner of his eye while driving his car. Had time to stop car, get out and observe object for about 5 seconds. Observer looking in direction of Lambert Airport. Balloons released at 2400. Only one of 2 forms received.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
None

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   (No)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

22. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
Last Name                First Name            Middle Name
ADDR                     Florissant            MO
City                     Zone                  State
TELEPHONE NUMBER                               AGE  20   SEX  MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?
Oct. 29   1966   Florissant Police Dept.
Day    Month   Year   and then County Police.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 4 Nov. 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I would only like to say that it was a real material object. I would like to say that the speed the object rose at could not have been much than 10 miles/hr. The area it appeared to rise from possibly between the way of woodland. I went back the next day and scanned the area.

DIAGRAM

(Below the text is a hand-drawn diagram with labels including "woods", "Sandy Beach", "Douglas", "Jamestown", and other location markers)


- page 3 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

1 Nov 65

[Redacted] Air Force Base called to report of sighting of 30 Oct 65 at 10 tal 1 Saturday morning. The object appeared to be round disc with a slight dome. [Redacted] saw the object out of the corner of his eye. He stopped the car-got out. He was the object rising from a woodland at about 1500 ft. heading Northeast at a level flight at a high rate of speed. The observation was for about 13 seconds after he got out of the car. He was at the moment it was rising. It was at Douglas Rd at Jamestown Rd.

It took off going toward the river away from the Air Base. It was a completely clear night with no moon light. Visibility - 20 miles... 3/10 cloud cover

There were also 3 or 4 observers who had reported this object.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

FTD (MNIN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
1 Nov 65

St. Louis, Missouri

Dear Sir:

Your report of an unidentified flying object has been forwarded from Scott Air Force Base, Illinois, to our office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. The preliminary information was not sufficient for an evaluation. It is requested that you complete the attached Form 164 and return it to our office as soon as possible.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 5 -

FTD (TWSN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
1 Nov 65

Patrolman Andrew Edgren
St Louis County Police Department
227 South Central Avenue
St Louis, Missouri

Dear Sir:

A report from Scott Air Force Base, Illinois, concerning an unidentified flying object report from McDonnell Aircraft Corporation at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. The reporting officer indicates that you had received additional reports from other witnesses during the early morning hours of Saturday, October 30. It is requested that you send the attached Form 164s to these additional witnesses for completion.

We are enclosing return envelopes for your convenience.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
27 Oct. 1965
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 12:45 at night
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is redacted]
Florissant, MO.
City or Town       State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
15 to 20
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? by digital watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ✓ No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright ✓ STARLIT (low moon)
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Seemed very slowed metallic aspect

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
[Handwritten notes indicate it did not show signs of acceleration, it was kept at high speed and did not change]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It flew out of the distance at a very high speed. Passed to the ground.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): (Yes) No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:
Blue Stars

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: none
b. Color: a dull metallic, clouvres would reflect bright spots

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of its sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? It was about a quarter of a matchhead close to the head

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an elliptical/oval shaped object with annotations showing its movement and position at different stages, including "AT TAKEOFF", "Rising Straight up", "After stopping for approx. 8 seconds", and "Looking up"]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?    600 miles hr.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    300 yards

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car    FIRST SPOT
c. Outdoors - stopped and got out
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast    e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?    20    miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No    Stopped and got out.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No

e. Binoculars    Yes    No
f. Telescope    Yes    No
g. Theodolite    Yes    No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

1 a quarter
(I would estimate it being at least 100 ft across.)


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
more it made a perfect right angle turn
after stopping

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? JUST ONE
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 11 -

