The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 23 OCTOBER 55  28/1725Z
2. LOCATION: Rolling Meadows, Illinois
10. CONCLUSION: Other (Reflection from Light Source)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Objects were white like hot metal, then when they turned to a flat shape they were gray and close together. Objects not visible. Moved out of sight. Observed through windshield. Droves back to where she first observed them, also seen when first observed, but as she drove along they drew into collapse. Elevation of 30 was probable in error. Observed through windshield.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

INITIALS EB
Did you notice any unusual activity or conditions, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting? No. The witness stated that this was a quite ordinary and that he was definitely not affected.
Did you take any photographs? No. 
The witness stated that he took no photographs since he saw nothing unusual.

- page 2 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Dear Sirs,

I am writing in regards to two incidents of flying objects which occurred at 10:30 p.m. on Oct. 26, 1965. I can write to you and what they were. They were seen in Rolling Meadows.

Please let me know if you can what the O.F.C.'s were.

Thank you,
Rolling Meadows, Ill.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report.

Transcription of the text in the image:

Headquarters
U.S.F.B.
Office of Information
Public Information Div.
Washington, D.C.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force, Washington, addressed to "Mrs. [redacted]" located in Rolling Meadows, Illinois. The document is dated September 3, 1963 and is signed by Sara Hunt from the Community Relations Division, Office of Information.

The text from the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

September 3, 1963

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

Attached is a report form which is used for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects to the Air Force. In order for the Air Force to evaluate these reports, it is necessary that they be obtained as fully as possible and returned to this office.

Sincerely,

Sara Hunt
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attn: [redacted]
AFU Form 164

Mrs. [redacted]
[redacted]
Rolling Meadows, Ill.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, specifically an information questionnaire used to gather details about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any announcements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2r October 1965

2. Time of day: 12:00 13 
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central 
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Palatine, Illinois

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
1 Hours Minutes Seconds 
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain 
c. About 2 or 3 minutes

5.1 How was the time in sight determined?
a. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? 
Yes X

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY
b. TWILIGHT
c. DAWN
d. DUSK
e. NIGHT
f. BRIGHT
g. CLEAR
h. CLOUDS

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. Behind you
c. To your left
d. To your right
e. Don't remember, I CAN'T RECALL THE OBJECT

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document. The image contains a form with various questions and answer options related to the observer's sighting of an unidentified object.

Output text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Fewer 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Full moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
9.1 CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds  

9.2 WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Calm
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Not sure
d. Don't know

11.1 Compared brightness to some common object:
The size of a Dime

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each situation)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush across the sky or move? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
e. Oscillate or flutter? Yes No Don't know
f. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 7 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be a simple sketch or drawing. The drawing depicts two circular objects with the text "STARTING STILL" and an arrow pointing upwards.

Below is the text transcribed from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

15. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound NOISE
b. Color WITH THE SUN REFLECTING ON IT, IT LOOKED WHITE. ELLOGY

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please on arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

STARTING STILL ON END

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This seems to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire or witness testimony.

Transcribing the text from the image:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No  
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. In a field
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _______________________

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/rural area? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or SOME OTHER MODE OF TRANSPORTATION when you first saw the object, answer the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes No 
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
SMALL MOONS AT 12:57, VERY LARGE VERY BRIGHT STARS MOVING UPWARDS VERY SLOWLY

- page 9 -

The image contains a compass rose diagram that appears to be part of an old UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Text extracted from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve of the horizon to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curve line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" at the compass point where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? TWO
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes 

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
Last Name: [Redacted]
First Name: [Redacted] 
Middle Name: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
City: [Redacted]
State: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 28
SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

23. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Place & Operations Center
Date: 10-8-1965
Time: 2155
Name: [Redacted], Sgt.

- page 11 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a document from the U.S. Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
928th TROOP CARRIER GROUP (M) (RES) (CONAC)
CHICAGO O'HARE INTL APT, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60666

SUBJECT: Follow-up Letter re UFO Sighting

TO: Wilfred Renson AHn., Ohio 43119

1. The attached letter is the follow-up letter sent for the case presented by this office 29 Oct 65.

2. The requested report was forwarded by this office 29 Oct 65.

(REDACTED)
(REDACTED), COLONEL, USAF 
COMMANDER

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a scanned document with handwritten text.

Feb 12, 1966
Day       Month     Year
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:

33. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

When first seen, the objects appeared to be small. They turned into two somewhat larger objects, then turned into three smaller objects. Their colors were like a dull metallic gray. At 9:00 p.m. they became discs. They began moving away.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter from the Department of the Air Force, addressed to "Mr. [Redacted]" and dated February 9, 1965. The letter discusses the use of AF Form 13-4 for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects to the Air Force.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

Feb 9, 1965

Dear Mr. [Redacted]:

Attached is AF Form 13-4 which is used for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects to the Air Force. In order for the Air Force to evaluate these reports, this form should be completed as fully as possible and returned to this office.

Sincerely,

SARA HUNT
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
AFD Form 13-4

Mrs. [Redacted]

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text.

The text in the document reads:

"Being sending my version of the sighting of the U.F.O.'s as you requested it is writing.

October 23, 1965

I was driving along a dirt road about 0330 hours when I came to the end of the road and stopped to check on the engine and as I started to work on the lights I saw 2 objects in the sky straight ahead but at approximately a 30 degree angle. the objects were in the southern part of the sky they were quite large and seemed to be stationary. I would say they ranged from 40 feet to 60 feet in diameter and were shaped somewhat like a dishpan. they were a very bright orange reddish color and at times became quite brilliant and then dimmed just a little bit. after watching them for some 10 minutes or more they started to move upward and moved across the sky going west then they lit very bright and then just went out of sight. I was just completely amazed at what I saw and felt like I wanted to pinch myself to see if I was dreaming. but I know it was no dream and the experience is one that I shall never forget. now I know there has been a lot of jokes and sighting of unidentifiable objects but this was the first time I have ever seen anything like this and it was truly an unbelieveable sight."

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely part of a Project Blue Book report.

OCR text:

When I got home I realized that my wife had seen the same object as I did. We both saw this unusual flying object hovering over the house. At first it looked like a star but then it started moving around erratically. Although I looked for a few minutes, I couldn't see any wings or tail. It just hovered there and then suddenly took off at a tremendous speed in the sky.

I didn't seem to have a normal flight pattern. There was no sound on the tail lights as they became brighter. As they began to leave I came back home very disappointed.

I wasn't going to report it but I felt that it should be known that it wasn't a normal aircraft. I couldn't really see what it was. But it seemed to be some kind of vehicle that I have no information on. I have never seen anything like it before or since. I was reported in the local newspaper as just another flying saucer but I was the only one around at the time.

(Signed)

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document with handwritten text.

p. 3 acoming the whole object, a jet was seeing slanting to the left of the object, the jet was breaking up in the general direction of the object. the jet dissappered as it mantioned after the aircraft disappeared in a strange manner. Remmbered thinlding that the jet had seen the object as going up to investigate it's some, it first thought it was valaube to you, but the object disapppeared by such a strange manner. o think by mr manner.

- page 17 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch of two circular objects, labeled "A3 Glodes" and "Side Angle". The text below the sketch states "Glowing like The Moon in The Dark Sky, Not a yellow glow, But a white 9:25." It also states "AID NOT GLOW, SEEN AS DULL GREY METAL".

OCR Output:
A3 GLODES

SIDE ANGLE

GLOWING LIKE THE MOON IN THE DARK SKY, NOT A YELLOW GLOW, BUT A WHITE 9:25.

AID NOT GLOW, SEEN AS DULL GREY METAL

- page 18 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a "Combat Readiness Training Operations" report from the 928th Troop Carrier Group, Medium (Reserve), United States Air Force.

COMBAT READINESS TRAINING OPERATIONS
928TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP, MEDIUM (RESERVE) 
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
O'HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60666
SUBJECT: U.F.O.
A. Description of the object:
1. Would you please describe the object's shape. FLAT IN APPEARANCE, BUT ROUND AGAIN.
2. Size as compared to a known object: SIZE AS COMPARED TO A PENNY, DIME, NICKEL, ETC. SMALLER THAN 3 INCHES IN DIAMETER.
3. Color: THEY WERE A GREY COLOR.
4. Number: ONE (1).
5. Formation, if more than one: NONE TO REPORT.
6. Any discernible features or details: NONE.
7. Was there a tail, trail or exhaust, indicating the size of object: NONE.
8. Was there any sound? If so, please describe the sound: NONE.
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: NONE.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

B. Description of course of object.
1. How was object first called to the attention of observer to the object:
OBSERVED AT A SIDE STREET AND AROUND BRIGHT STREET IN ROLLING MEADOWS, ILLINOIS, WHEN IT FIRST APPEARED.

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed:
 

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance:
 

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object:
 

5. How did the object disappear (Fade away or instant disappearance):
IT APPEARED TO FADE AWAY SLOWLY.

6. How long was the object visible? (Be specific, 5 min, one hour):
AT LEAST 30 SECONDS

C. Manner of observation.
1. How was object sighted, ground-visual, air visual, ground electronic, air electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar):
GROUND VISUAL

2. Were any optical aids used. (Telescopes, binoculars):
 

3. Was this an airborne sighting? If so:
A. Type A/C
B. Ident No.
C. Altitude
D. Heading
E. Speed
F. Home Station
G. Telephone No.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

D. Time and date of sighting: 
1. Time 2030    Date 28-6-54
2. Was it, night, day, dawn, dusk: DAY

E. Location of Observer. Where did you make this sighting from? 
Location: (If necessary give location in reference to a known land mark) ROLLING MEADOWS, ILLINOIS

F. Identifying Information on Observer:
1. Civilian Name: [REDACTED]
2. Age: [REDACTED]
3. Address: [REDACTED]
4. Occupation: [REDACTED]
5. Reliability: [REDACTED]
6. Telephone No.: [REDACTED]

Military: 
1. Name: H/M  
2. Grade:
3. Organization:
4. Duty:
5. Reliability: 
6. Telephone No.:

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sighting:
1. Observer's account of weather conditions: CLEAR SKY - GOOD VISIBILITY

2. Winds (from Weather Bureau) furnished by observer:
Surface: 15,000 feet - 200° - 35 knots
10,000 feet - 220° - 45 knots 
20,000 feet - 330° - 55 knots
30,000 feet - 310° - 70 knots
50,000 feet - 340° - 85 knots
80,000 feet - 350° - BEYOND 

I. Visibility: GOOD 
2. Angular Speed: VERY SLOW
3. Appearance and sound: ROUND OBJECT - SILENT 
4. Maneuver: STOPPED ABRUPTLY AND QUADRANT IS WHICH STARTED IS UNKNOWN

- page 21 -

