Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 590-700 M.P.H.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 15,600-17,000 FEET
ABOVE THE GROUND

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest

g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last section contains handwritten text that is partially illegible]


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object. PLEASE SEE NO. 35

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Pines of area
Cleveland Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS: CALL WESTERN, Cleveland, Ohio, Zone [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] UNIVERSITY   AGE 18   SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible, appears to describe some personal experiences or observations]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
11   NOV   1965
Day    Month   Year
[Additional handwritten text near this section]


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    23    NOV    1965
                                             Day    Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The rest of the text is handwritten and appears to be a detailed description of a sighting, with some words difficult to fully decipher. The text discusses color changes, movement, altitude, and other details of an unidentified flying object. The handwriting is cursive and somewhat challenging to read completely.]

The text includes numerical references like 2000 ft., mentions turning at 90°, and seems to provide a precise account of an observed aerial phenomenon. However, due to the handwritten nature, some specific words and phrases are not entirely legible.


- page 4 -

Page 8

The first line appears to read: "within 100-110° where it was sighted, with..."

The rest of the text is partially legible but difficult to fully transcribe with complete certainty. Some words and phrases can be made out, but due to the image quality and handwritten nature, a fully accurate transcription is challenging.

There is a large black redaction/censorship block in the lower right portion of the document.

The page is part of what seems to be a typewritten or handwritten report, with "Page 8" noted at the top right of the document.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Western Reserve
University

Nov 10, '65

Dear Sir;

I would like to report what I believe was an unidentified flying object.

I was written to this source greatly up goes would give this letter its proper perspective.

I time it was to occur at west near 115 on 10 at about 11:52 P.M. on Tuesday November 9 and as per my wife's observation was about 115 on to towards the hill was two saw a very bright white scene right that was large to me.

40° above the sky as it was moving directly parallel 5W to W and at the same moving in such a manner to side directly more and more towards the airplane. We could hear no sound from its altitude. I would like to know more about this phenomenon. I & my wife were slightly charged this time. The phenomenon was to do of course occurring with these visible.

I would like to mention will more just there was a completely was low as light and so not attainable yet from this viewing. I was absolutely for you to know this.


- page 6 -

The text appears to be a handwritten document. However, due to the cursive handwriting and image quality, much of the text is difficult to read with complete certainty. Some words and phrases are legible, but a full transcription would require careful examination. The document appears to be a detailed written account, possibly a report or statement, but the specific details are not easily discernible from this image.


- page 7 -

The text appears to be a handwritten document. While some words are clear, much of the text is difficult to read with complete certainty. I can make out fragments and partial sentences, but cannot confidently reproduce the entire text without potentially introducing errors. The document appears to be a detailed written account, possibly a report or statement, with multiple paragraphs of handwritten text. The bottom of the page has a large black redaction or censored section.


- page 8 -

Commander
Air Intelligence Center
Wright - Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

There is a postmark stamp from Cleveland dated 17 NOV 1965.

A portion of text in the middle of the document is redacted/blacked out.


- page 9 -

FWD (TWSM)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
19 November 1965

Pierce House
Cleveland, Ohio

Dear Mr.

Reference your unidentified observation of 9 November 1965. The information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 10 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
9 NOV. 1965

2. Time of day: 11 15
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted] CLEVELAND, OHIO
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0 5 6
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY   NIGHT
a. Bright   a. Bright
b. Cloudy   b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right   f. Don't remember

FTD CPM OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
IT WAS BRIGHTER THAN PLANET JUPITER

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

a. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know are present, with some boxes checked]


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response, partially illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
[Handwritten response, partially illegible]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
[Blank response]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound
b. Color: A brilliant cream white, it dimmed

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match?
[Handwritten response, partially illegible]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust rails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Drawing with text]: EXHAUST OR VAPOR TRAIL

[Bottom of page]: NO OTHER PROTRUSIONS


- page 13 -

