The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP 13/2235Z 13/23Z 
2. LOCATION Soeaux, France
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 2 to 3 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-visual
7. COURSE Static
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No
9. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object (OBSERVER'S ESTIMATE) silver in color, 10' to 20' in diameter, motionless for a duration of two to three seconds before disappearing. Observer claimed silently rising at an oblique angle with a slight bluish-white trail. Wind and visibility conditions were favorable making long range and duration observation difficult. Location of object in the clear sky and duration of observation make its classification as a meteor extremely doubtful. The observer was a local businessman, reputable and observant.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with the following text:

Sceaux, some
France

Colonel Sparritiny
Chief, Civil Branch
Office of informations

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document in French.

Text from the document:

Monsieur le Directeur,
Invite à la lettre de M. James et Hartmann de la NASA, Washington, le 9.03 communication concernant les dOmes et magnetisme terrestre - une attestation de ‚ Building Science‛ - une photo- graphe du 1er satellite de la terre - une communication recente
de vous communiquer je vous prie.
Un photographe du O.N.C.F. (oeuvre natio- nale des chemins de fer francais)
Jean Goy

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text and a stamp. The text reads "It Project Blue Book VIEW Wright-Patterson Air Force Base Dayton Ohio U.S.A" and there is a stamp with some additional text that appears to be a reference number or date stamp.

Transcribing the text from the image:

It Project Blue Book VIEW
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton Ohio U.S.A
553 65 23 1095 252525

- page 4 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. The image provided appears to be a scanned page of a text document.

This is the text that can be extracted from the document:

"This is in reply to your letter concerning unidentified flying objects.

I am enclosing the sighting report on Project Blue Book.

The Air Force project on unidentified flying objects indicates that this report offers no significant new information and does not require any special investigation. This report will be made a part of the Project Blue Book files.

Sincerely,

JOHN C. SALGADO"

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only a typed document.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF: TDEW

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information (Lambany, R)

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI-CC (Mrs Hunt)
WAAM D C 20330

1. The attached letter from Lambany, R, in French, was translated verbally. The writer appears to be an expert on flying saucers based upon one of his observations of the design of this machine. He desires to know if he should give to the United States information concerning a document giving the design of this machine. 

2. It is suggested that a fact sheet together with a statement that there is no evidence to indicate the existence of flying saucers, as such, having been brought to the attention of the United States Air Force, be prepared to translate and forward to Lambany, R. The writer is not submitting his report to us. It is not necessary that a translation be made by the Ambassador in France.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JOHN W. de JARNETTE, Colonel, USAF 
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TRUW/UFO
UFO SIGHTING

M. USAF SAJOICG (Hq Hunt)

1. Reference the attached unidentified object report from the 50 March Air Force Base (no location listed). It reported that an object was observed on the night of 13 October 1955.

2. Information received from SPADATS indicates that there were no satellites or space debris entering the atmosphere at that time.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

ERIC T. de JONCKEERES, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Requirements

ORIGINATOR: M.J. Gruthalie, Hq

DATED: 26 Oct 65

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document.

Text output from the document:

To: Col. J. W. Grading, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch, Community relations Division
Office of Information
Subject: Observation

1. I would like to inform you about a recent observation made on 13 October 1955. It was the observation of an unidentified flying object, no further to come than 20 yards, traveling at a speed of approximately 1,000 mph. This object made several circles over a town called Soeaux, France, and did a observation pertaining to an unidentified object.

It was the 13th of October 1955. I was at Fontenay sous Boise, south of Paris. I observed a bright light that seemed to arrive from the direction over Paris, somewhat to the northeast. It came from the southwest, and seemed to be making a series of irregular movements, apparently as a result of some kind of power mechanism or special propelling device, as the light was constantly changing in intensity and was at times considerably brighter than at others. The light was very noticeable, and there was something of mechanical movement involved, which appeared to be some kind of control or guidance mechanism, even though the light itself was the conspicuous feature observed. I got the impression that this was almost certainly some kind of aircraft, extremely fast and highly maneuverable. 

The object was seen by several other people, so I do not consider that my perception of it was only due to a subjective or purely local disturbance of the visual mechanism. At one point, the object appeared to be employing some kind of electrical mechanism or guidance system, as it seemed to be throwing off sparks or particles along its flight-path. The maneuvers were extremely rapid, and to me it was clearly not a normal aircraft, rocket, or other device of any known type. the speed was many times that of any conventional jet aircraft, and the movements were quite erratic - certainly not those of a normal piloted vehicle. In fact, the entire character of the observation was quite unlike anything I had ever seen before. I would estimate the speed as being in the neighborhood of 1,000 mph. The object was sighted for a period of approximately 10 to 15 minutes. during this period of observation, which was over the better part of an hour, the object made a number of rather abrupt turns and apparently instantaneous changes of direction, which would seem to rule out a conventional aircraft.

In conclusion, I would like to state that this was not in any sense a subjective or purely local disturbance of vision, as the object was seen by several other people. I myself have had a number of years of experience in aeronautical matters, both in connection with the military and with civil aviation, and I am quite certain that this was not any kind of known or conventional aircraft, rocket, or other device. While I would not care to make any positive identification, I am convinced that what we observed was something in the nature of an unidentified flying object of some kind, possessing characteristics that are quite outside the range of our present knowledge and technology.

I trust this information will be of value to you.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing only typed text.

Output from the OCR system:

So far, neither the newspapers nor the radio have mentioned the fall of the objects. I have not mentioned the conversation either; it might be considered dangerous.

Perhaps some of the residue was spread over the fields or woods and will be located one day without its being possible to determine their origin.

Hoping that you are interested, I remain yours very truly.

[Signed: Redacted]

Please answer in French, if possible.
[See sketch on back page]

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing handwritten text.

Transcribing the text:

Monsieur le Directeur
La Boussole
Chily Ceux
Commandery
Office of information
Soeaux, France
Object : Unusual sighting
You have asked me to give you information regarding an unusual sighting which I witnessed on October 13, 1965 at about 9 pm. The object seemed to be a luminous cigar-shaped formation, very bright, which moved without any sound and at a considerable speed, passing successively in front of my view. I kept this object under observation for a few minutes until it disappeared in the distance.
My observations were made from the vicinity of my home located between Chilly-Mazarin and Soeaux, in the department of Seine. I would be happy to provide you with any additional information you may need.
Please accept, Sir, the expression of my highest regards.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Civil cent eleve giri melee attended to
while sui chois which indcouvement believeit
Magma or te contcude on foie which Ines a cost
te aster gife oi Haiisea. Hffeile. Murs the grand to
"to Tation a minute Chine about is point net toting)?
dalle same yramgment mute. of, once rome
Than yea te would est even hunk, is. some
movement a Fomis, fznn frees or than wee
point chew, a mean eran their robella, if tare to
toled a many amvaan feeen affsired to many pole as
E Cau mome ghee or few evidence can
lony fenarie Hre all afpsar Mccone Capuain
Cant the Pereira ae greder en meeone
"Sf snousgan Berticine toon ger a while tes
In moos me. careloss the memhers of enceloas when
the memberahow chages about some eppaantonct
mmptenante Celain point a eculian douysiate
of them toe , a paint une Mina are eopropriete

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

Transcription of the text in the document:

On the night of 8 October 1965, around 8:30 p.m., a luminous disc was observed in the sky by several residents of the Soeaux area, France. 

The object was observed for about 15 minutes. It was round, white in color, and was about the size of an aircraft. It was hovering motionless for several minutes, then suddenly accelerated at a very high speed and disappeared over the horizon.

The object did not make any noise. Several witnesses confirmed the observation. The object was visible to the naked eye and was also observed through binoculars.

This is the report of the incident.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As requested, I will produce the output of the text found in the document:

J'ai arrivé. J'ai paetit entourer de d'ailes en le monde pour y guider le formes. A la zone de ma propre fait, les gens là ne pent pas voir ou entendre la cote de ce vrai phénomène. Il ne sont pas seulement les premiers à le voir, mais ils reçoivent une communication apourpar de ce qui vient de l'extérieur.

Ca ne peut pas être une rencontre hâtive dans la campagne, car je ne se déplacer que dans le système au loin. Rien ici n'a l'apparence d'un véhicule ordinaire ou d'un engin quelconque. C'est un système d'énergie et de radiations pures, dépourvues de masse matérielle.

Eu t'envoie mes voeux et mes meilleurs sentiments - 
Bien affectueusement à toi,
Mon ami approché.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document with some sketches and annotations. The document appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Zone de condensation 
Angle de chute
mouvement rapide et brusque
vers le sol, vue de côté
prise de vue environ 2 à 3 secondes
[Drawing of something descending] 
marine le gall
inspecteur régional
la justice du condemnation 
peut-être usine ou installation
nouvelle

- page 14 -

