1. DATE - TIME GROUP
5 February 65 05/0902

2. LOCATION
Janesville, Wisconsin

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (METEOR)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Solid object. Ball of fire. Dull. No sound. Blue color
with golden rays.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
8-10 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
SW

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve. Line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

N.N.E. to S.S.W.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

It was higher in the sky at the beginning than when it went behind the navigation beacons. I thought it would land at our airport.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Saw spitnik from bay - from Janesville
from 5 times - last best in northern sky
Another spot once - south to north
Another looked like a spot in southern sky. Very fast

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes [No]
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
When I saw the sputnik I was in Dayton at my daughter and son-in-law. We all saw it. Remembered date. Exact time a friend was with me alone other times.
saw very bright one from my bed. I read over the roof of my neighbors house.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Janesville, Wisconsin
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 73 SEX female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
We had a meteor over Taylor N.D. in about 1917 or 13
It lit up the whole country side bright as day. There was
a very loud roar. It was in the evening about 11. We
had just gone to bed and it was then. Many people
dug it out somewhere west of Gladstone N.D. Many people
said that it was written up - I don't know. I don't know if
this would be pertinent to what I saw then.

Talk of the town

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
I called radio WGLO
[rest of text partially illegible]
wrote letters to Dora Brownell, Red Twist, Williston, Montana


- page 3 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   Feb 24   Feb    1965
                                                     Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I had just been to the bathroom and before I went back to bed I walked over to the clock. It was 3 a.m. I got in to bed and sat up close to the window to see if I could see any stars. I saw just one. - It had been very cloudy when I went to bed at 10:30, but was clear later with a very few light clouds. I didn't see the moon.

In the east the horizon was a dark gray strip. Then this thing appeared. It was such a surprise that all I could do was look. The thing itself was light but it didn't shed any light. The vicinity of the thing was no lighter than the rest of the sky. The ball part had no highlights, but the rays went. Like sun was shining on them. There was a dark rim of some kind on the front of the ball, but I didn't have time to look back on it. It was going from N.W. to S.W. I got up and looked at the clock after it had passed and it was 3:05.

I never thought of paying attention to all the things you asked about. I just was happy I had seen it. It looked so clear and so close. I think I moved a bit near the car port or closer, I heard no sound.

I hope this will help you.
                Sincerely,
                [Signature redacted]


- page 4 -

M/R:

Mrs Frank McCann called. Her mother wrote from Wisconsin, stating that on Feb 5th at 3 am in Janesville, Wisconsin, she saw an object. It was beautiful and surprising, described as a blue ball, it went across the sky, had gold rays, was long and oval shape, it was low in elevation as though it was going to land. Its flight was East to West, she was looking South. She called WCTS radio and TV. The speed was about ECH0's. She has also observed meteors.

Her mother's address is Mrs Floyd C Parks, 416 Locust St, Janesville, Wisconsin.


- page 5 -

PED (USAF)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
19 February 1965

Janesville, Wisconsin

Dear Mrs Parks,

Your daughter, Mrs Frank McCann, has informed us that you observed an unusual object on 5 Feb 65. Would you please complete the attached form and return it to us in the enclosed, pre-addressed envelope in order that we may evaluate your sighting.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr.
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 6 -

Feb 27, 1965

I answered your form the 24th. There was a question. Did I see smoke or steam. I did not.

But there was an air movement. I do not know exactly how to explain it. But if you have ever seen the way heat waves, boil up on the prairie on a hot summer day with the campfiring down that is the way the air was moving at the tail of the thing. It was clear, but looked a if the air was thickened, or whatever. There was no smoke, the, or steam like from a jet.

Yesterday I was lying down (some place) when a plane flew by that most the same route but a little higher. The plane was the size of a big mosquito compared to a bumble bee which would be the size of the thing. The plane was going towards the airport.

Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Janesville, Wis.

10 April 1965
Wright-Patterson AFB
ATIC/Paron AFS
Ohio
Chleo

There is a postmark stamp from Janesville, Wisconsin visible in the top left of the document.


- page 8 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
5 Feb 1965

2. Time of day: 3 A.M. .04 Minutes
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
Between 3:01 - 3:05 AM

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address redacted] Janesville, Wisconsin

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 8 or 10 seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Counted slowly to 6
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                NIGHT
a. Bright                          a. Bright
b. Cloudy                          b. Cloudy
It was cloudy when I went to bed at 10:50
Noticeably but quite dark at 3:30

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 62 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

quite dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds very few
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

Horizon very dark for an hour or so not snowing or raining
10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

Was looking three light three-four
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: side inside on bright day

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

a. Other tail feathers were
somewhat how the visible
ball was a dull (maybe) no
sharp edges

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

(No)
(No)
(No)
(No)
(No)
(No)
(No)
(No)

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It went out of sight behind the neighbors porch and about the height of the porch

15. Did the object move behind something of any time, particularly a cloud? No
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - none that I know
b. Color - Grayish blue ball outlined in god knows what

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match at arm's length? I don't really understand this, but I used a match at arm's length old fashioned match

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a circular object with radiating lines around it, with accompanying text notes]

Notes on sketch:
I didn't have time to look back at it near earth. Lines were dimmer than tails photo rays. Tail rays longer on outside irregular bright incandescently with north & to west southwest.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No It was slow

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) _____________
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass (Yes) No h. Other ____________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

Long oval in shape, overall.
Bright white ball, size of a big grapefruit.
Slight line.

It was bright, but didn't throw any light (like a light bulb would).
Picture such as they use in restaurants.


- page 12 -

