PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 27 Sep 65 Night

2. LOCATION: Ellenville, New York

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Four

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: SEE CASE FILE

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: AIRCRAFT

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
All the objects were reported to be moving and had red and green flashing lights. Most of them were moving from east to west some would appear to hover and change course.

There is nothing to indicate that the objects were not aircraft.

2 Witnesses

FORM (SF 22a 0-329 (TDE)) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

The only text visible on this page is the word "Velton" handwritten near the top center of the document. The rest of the page appears to be blank or too faint to read.


- page 2 -

Dear Sirs,

I am writing in regards to the incident that I read about in the record (Hess Hazen, Ellenville, New York).

My son who was on the Ellenville police force and his partner were that night stopped on their routine patrolling the streets and cited a group of people who were walking on the sidewalk with what appeared to be a very bright light. They told me that when they approached the group, the light was so bright that it was almost impossible to look at. They said the group was about 8 to 10 people and they were approximately 8 to 10 feet away. But to their surprise, I had been told nothing about this incident.

While a rare sighting in this area, it was likely to be a group with some kind of light. I sure heard a lot behind the hill in the direction of the city. He replied that he could not explain the reason for the explosion, and they saw what appeared to be a very large explosion that lit up the whole area. They said they saw this group flash before the explosion, and there were sounds.

Getting back to the object that went over our heads, I would say it was between 5 & 5,000 feet up. It had lights, but I did not see any particular shape. The patrolmen were concerned. The car did not move. The land from Higbees was clear of obstacles, and looked to be round. From the lights, the object was moving around, and I could not see any. To was traveling from South to North. I was very carefully for sound, but was not able to hear anything. I listened very carefully, but aside from the two explosions, there were none. But they were off in the distance, and they were near Higbees.

Now is this operation understood? From Stewart Air Force Base, they will call and phone us, so I will ask them to do so. I do not know what they will say, but they may want to interview the officer from Stewart Air Force Base and call him in. I have talked with the government and told them what I know, and phone so far, that this is what they were.

I do not know what the government will tell the world. I wish they would tell the public what they know, and not keep it a secret.


- page 3 -

