PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
20 August 65 21/0200

2. LOCATION
Scranton, Pennsylvania

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
A/C (ADVERTISING LIGHTS)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Multiple

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Hour Period

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Multiple lighted objects in slow flight observed several times over a two hour period. No sound. Sightings of 3 minutes, 2 minutes, 6 minutes, 5 minutes, 1-5 minutes and 1-5-6 minutes. Flight always level. Multi-colored 1st is on each sighting, drawing and description of all sightings consistent with evaluation of an a/c towing an advertising banner of lighted display.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Varied, flight straight

8. PHOTOS
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[X] No

FORM
FID 51 P-63 0-329 (TDE)

Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible. There are some faint markings and lines, but I cannot confidently read any complete words or sentences. The document appears to be a scanned page with very low contrast and significant fading.


- page 2 -

Scranton 4, Pennsylvania
18504

Director, Project Blue Book
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

EW 40


- page 3 -

Mrs. Hunt/man/SAFOICC/72342/20 Sep 65

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This is in reply to your report of an aerial object which you observed on 20 August 1965.

Your report is similar to many other reports of aircraft using electric lights either on the aircraft itself or on a towed target for advertising purposes. Your report has been placed in the category of aircraft with advertising lights.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

[Recipient address redacted]
Scranton 4, Pennsylvania

[Bottom of page contains administrative markings and routing information]


- page 4 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

TDSN

UFO Sighting, Scranton, Pennsylvania, 20 Aug 65

HQ USAF SAPOICC (redacted)
Wash D C 20330

Reference the attached unidentified object report from (redacted)

The object which observed on the night of 20 Aug is very similar to reports which we have received of aircraft using electric lights, either on the aircraft itself or with a towed target for advertising purposes. The report has been placed in the category of aircraft with advertising lights.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Sighting, 20 Aug 65,
Scranton, Pa


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

20 246
St. Aug. 
(1)

Pennsylvania
August 20, 1965

Director, Project Blue Book
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

My name is [redacted], I am 17 years old and as of Aug. 20, 1965 believe in UFOs and flying saucers. Let me explain further. On the above night my brother [redacted] and I were in our backyard looking for meteorous from the predicted shower from the Perseus. However, during the two hours we were outside from 9-11 PM EDT, we saw six unidentified flying objects. The drawings enclosed are from 80-90% accurate and so is the one altitude reading of the light formation. Both my brother and I know an airplane or jet when we see or hear one. We heard absolutely no sound from these UFOs. They went too fast for balloons and there is no place around here where huge weather balloons could be launched. I beg your pardon for the map included but, I think it is necessary for the rest of the "data". In case you are wondering, I got the address of Project Blue Book from [redacted].


- page 6 -

Both my brother and I consider ourselves good observers and we don't drink. These sightings were completely unintentional and are entirely factual. My brother and I hope that this meager report will help you and your project in solving the mystery of the UFOs.

Respectfully yours,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

S
W
N. E. Scranton pue.
west + mown

The document appears to be a hand-drawn sketch with various letters in boxes and some partially legible text at the bottom. Some text is too faint or blurry to read with complete certainty.


- page 8 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

East

S W my log V C

N. Bromley Pue.
was in moment

(Note: Some text at the bottom of the page is illegible due to poor image quality)

The document appears to be a hand-drawn diagram with letters in boxes and some additional annotations. The bottom text is partially obscured and difficult to read completely.


- page 9 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Nile West

R.C

North East 5°

R.S

R.S

Much of the text is illegible or partially obscured, with only fragments and notations visible. The document appears to be a handwritten page with various directional or coordinate-related notes.


- page 10 -

The text on this page is largely illegible. I can make out a few fragments:

"move"
"RS" (appears twice on the page)
"N"

Most of the text is too faint or blurry to read with certainty.


- page 11 -

