PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
5 August 65 03/183SZ

2. LOCATION
Santa Ana, California

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Other (HOAX)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

Photo analysis indicates that the pictures of the object did not represent the visual conditions of the sighting.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 seconds

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Three Polaroid photos taken in 15 seconds of object reportedly 30 ft in diameter. Object made one hover over camera in 15 seconds. Photos taken through car window (open). Photos taken, and the third slightly farther away. All prints showed object within 50 ft of camera lens. Size assumed to be about one ft in diameter and less than 3 ft.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-visual

7. COURSE
Over horizon

8. PHOTOS
[X] Yes Copies of
[ ] No Enlargements

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD: CONVERSATION WITH CAPT REICHMUTH, SSD regarding photos on [redacted]. He will try to stick the photos, the Marines reports and a few comments in an envelope this afternoon. He had spoke to Mr. [redacted] for approximately 3½ hours last Thursday, 24 September 1965.

The Marines had contacted Mr. [redacted] and returned the original pictures to Mr. [redacted]. Supposedly NORAD and Boeing contacted him the day after the photos appeared in the newspaper. He said that Mr. [redacted] appeared to be on the up and up. A gentlemen from NORAD with credentials had visited Mr. [redacted] regarding the photographs. Mr. [redacted] gave the originals to this man without any receipt. He had given them to the Marines without any receipt and gotten them back so figured he would do the same to NORAD, said if he got them back he would give them to Capt Reichmuth without a receipt. SAFOI and Capt Reichmuth have tried to find out who the gentleman from NORAD was.

So far nobody knows. A person from MI NPIC of St Louis had called Mr. [redacted] regarding photos. The reason they were upset about the news releases was that some estimates given by the photo people at SSD were that the object was maybe 5-8ft in diameter or 30-50 ft in diameter. One photo the man was sitting in a truck. They are sending all the measurements of the truck etc with the photos. The photo lab was unable to do a good analysis or take anytime because of a job they were working on.

[Handwritten note at bottom is partially illegible]


- page 2 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

HEADQUARTERS
SPACE SYSTEMS DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOS ANGELES AIR FORCE STATION

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: SSFN (Capt Reichmuth)/643-3310                                   30 September 1965
SUBJECT: (U) Investigation Report, UFO Sightings, 3 August 1965, Santa Ana, 
         California

TO:   FTD (TDEN) Attn: Major Quintanilla
       Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Transmitted herewith are the results of the subject UFO investigation conducted by Captain Charles F. Reichmuth, USAF, Space Systems Division (SSFN), Los Angeles Air Force Station, Los Angeles, Calif.

2. This report involves the sighting and photography of a UFO by Mr. _______ employed by the Orange County Road Department, offices located in Santa Ana, California. Original Polaroid photographs are not available as of this date, and will be forwarded when and if made available.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of Michael J. Trigg, USAF, Asst Deputy for Foreign Technology]

6 Atch
1. Basic rpt IAW AFR 200-2
2. Narrative rpt and assessment
3. Copy of USAF G-2 (El Toro Marine Air Facility) Investigation Rpt
4. 8X10 glossy prints of UFO
5. Xerox copies of Atch 4
6. Xerox copies of newspaper articles re UFO

Copy to:
SAFOI, Washington DC, Attn: Miss Sarah Hunt, w/Atch 1, 2, 3, 5 & 6

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 3 -

INVESTIGATION REPORT

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT, REPORT OF

1. This investigation was conducted under Project 10073, Air Force Regulation 200-2, concerning a UFO sighting in Santa Ana, California, Western Area as detailed in circumstances surrounding subject.

DETAILS

1. On 14 September 1965 the hour of period to the above, Sgt/Inspector, Marine Corps Air Station, Western Area, (name) in Santa Ana, California was contacted and interviewed and obtained copies of the photo-graphs from the subject concerning the UFO sighting in Santa Ana, California. (Enclosures 1, 2 and 3)

2. Mr. [redacted] was interviewed at his place of employment, Union 76 service station, Garden Grove and [redacted], Garden Grove, California as to 1965 on 15 September 1965. Photographs were pursued by him from Santa Ana, California.

3. Mr. [redacted] Santa Ana, California was interviewed at his residence, 1160 on 15 September 1965 concerning his knowledge of the UFO sighting.

4. Statements substantiate the following:

[Remainder of paragraph is partially illegible]

At bottom of document are signatures:
H. P. DOLVAK, SSGT, USMC
G-2/INSPECTOR, MCAS, El Toro


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some words are obscured by black redaction marks, which I will indicate with [...]]

The object is in view description [...] is [...] in color, [...] to [...] feet in diameter, approximately [...] thick.

[...] during the [...] that the [...] to [...] contacted to confirm the [...] of sighting. [...] stated that [...] whole event, was quite [...] and [...] services of police. The [...] seemed particularly aware of [...].

[...] is 27 years old and presently employed as an investigator for a County road department, [...] to the [...] general population [...] a surveyor and one good observation.

[...] After taking the picture [...] in [...] being in Los Angeles, California and they advised [...]. The photograph was taken [...] a labor [...] that was [...] to publish the photograph and the object was [...] for short publication.

[...] Another stated that [...] its [...] and a [...] had not [...] the [...] was quite clear. He [...] a drug [...] and [...] here copied same. He placed [...] one [...] and [...] object has been [...].

[...] a photograph from the [...] concerning [...] was forwarded to the originators to the respective [...] and was interviewed on 15 November 1965. The [...] was [...] this day.

[...] learned of the photograph but seemed [...] drug [...] and called.

[...] During the interview with the [...] reporter, the question was asked [...] would seem to [...] with [...] such [...] concerning the [...]. He [...] would be willing to submit [...] per copy, examination only [...] the register of commerce put up. Interested with [...] results [...]. Merely [...] had been [...] if the publication [...] out negative, it would [...] longer this year.

[...] The original photograph were [...] to be copied and [...].

[...] Continuing to be a [...] of [...] the two copies, cooperative and [...] all times during the interview.


- page 5 -

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS                                                    23 August 1965

It is noted off electric trail, mobile, when a way, possibly a collection
of a count in 4-10 living room have been occasionally pulled at 2 old water bottles
and 3 drinking call hanging away. Movements occasionally periodic, always
currently well done in detail, over and there are evidence could be better.

World, however, evoke answering 2 questions.

Why the delay in reporting the sighting and name of the store there
he had this product, his copies.

1. A check with the Federal Commission of City in Santa Ana, California
gives no record of any unusual flight pattern or sightings on 3 August 1965.

2. Marine Corps Air Station, El Toro radar control center log has no record
of any unusual flight pattern or sightings on 3 August 1965.

3. Enclosure (a) shows tel of enclosure (b) or reference (c).

END OF REMARKS

-3-


- page 6 -

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT SIGHTING EVALUATION WORKSHEET

1. Description of Sighting

a. Circular
b. 100 (approximately) 20 to 30 feet above ground
c. Silver
d. One (1)
e. Not applicable
f. Hovering lesson 1 min. an hundred or object
g. None
h. None (sound covered by helicopters at work, Santa Ana)
i. None

2. Description of Course or Flight

a. Reflection of light
b. 100 feet high - 14 degrees estimate
c. Stationary, 20 to 30 degrees
d. Hovering to observation point, bright fire
e. Disappeared in distance and haze
f. Approximately 15 seconds

3. Manner of Observation

a. Ground visual
b. No tactical site
c. Not specified

4. Time and Date of Sighting

a. 0310-0315/1605
b. Day

5. Position of Observer

a. Approximately 500 yards east of Santa Ana Freeway on Ryford Road

6. Identifying Information on all Observers

a. [Redacted text]
Santa Ana, California
Investigator, Orange County Road Department

7. Weather and Wind Conditions at Time of Sighting

a. Sky clear with alt. haze
b. Surface wind 10 degrees
c. Winds
   13,000    250 degrees    62 knots
   18,000    250 degrees    52 knots
   23,000    250 degrees    42 knots

ENCLOSURE (1)


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Top of document appears to have some numbers partially visible: 29,003, 35,653, etc.]

c. Unlimited
d. 3 miles with haze
e. None
f. None

9. Observer reported radio net of county road department on during observation.

10. No interception or action taken.

11. Norad Counterintelligence Section, MCAS, El Toro:

a. Comment: All though the observer was cooperative during interview, and seemingly rational, after close questioning, observer did avoid answering questions of delay in reporting, sighting and coordination of photographs. After looking at photographs and actual site of observation, it appears as though there were some discrepancies.

(1) Size, distance and altitude from observer:
(2) No clear observer. All enough object reported hovering
over or near heavy traffic on freeway (7 motor vehicles in background)
(3) FCC report of no radio interference
(4) Rotating beacon light was not appear on underside of object. 3a is shown on photo.

12. 3 photographs of object were taken of object with a polaroid model 1613 on black and white film, speed 3500/307. Focal length 4 5/8" (from film).

-2-


- page 8 -

BASIC REPORT LAW AFR 200-2
UFO, 3 August 1965, SANTA ANA, CALIFORNIA

1. Description of Object:
   a. Object has a basically circular shape not unlike a man's flat, summer straw hat (see photographs, Atch 4).
   b. Size of object: estimated to be about 30' in diameter with a vertical dimension of about eight feet.
   c. Color was silver or metallic except for dark areas which appeared to be black.
   d. One object only.
   e. Not applicable.

2. See Atch 4 for details on features. Observer stated that when the UFO was tilted so that he could see the underside, he observed a small, narrow, rotating beam of light which began at the center of the underside of the object and ran the entire edge of the object. The color of the light appeared to be either whitish or metallic such as that which could indicate reflection from a relatively slow rotating, propeller or other rotating blade. In photo Nr 2 there is a faint indication of such a line running from the center outward at a relative bearing of about 230°. Officials in the G-2 office at El Toro stated that the light line was clearly visible in the original photo.

   f. None observed.
   g. No sound heard.
   h. See photographs in Atch 4.

2. Description of course of object:
   a. Object first noticed out of corner of Observer's eye while driving an Orange County Road Department vehicle.
   b. See photographs.
   c. See photographs.

ATTACHMENT 1


- page 9 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

Initially, object appeared to be observed to be flying on a straight and level path at an estimated altitude of about 150' at a relatively low speed and at an estimated range of about 1/2 mile. Time, photographic time when object was on this roll was after last photograph, object appeared to turn to a northwesterly heading and accelerate while slowing slightly.

c. Observer's attention was diverted for about two seconds when he turned to look for UFO in WNW direction and disappeared into the haze.

2. Observer estimated total period of observation to be about 15 seconds. Based on best of observer's ability, to maintain time, he believed the duration of sighting would be closer to 25 seconds.

3. Manner of observation:
a. Ground - visual.
b. Not applicable.
c. Not applicable.

4. Time and date of sighting:
a. 3 August 1965, 1830Z (1130 PDT).
b. Day.

5. Observer was driving vehicle on Myford Road (heading NNE) and was approximately 3/8 mile to the SSW of the Santa Ana (San Diego) Freeway, which at that point runs from WNW to ESE direction. He stopped his way on Myford Street. A check with the Road Department's official map shows the street in that area is called [illegible]. This would substantiate his estimate that he was about 3/8 mile from the freeway. Based on the photographs, the G-2 intelligence officer from the Toro wing to the Observation site and confirmed that these distances were essentially correct. This is in the general area of the city of Santa Ana in the vicinity of the El Toro Marine Corps Air Station, and NE of the USMC Air Facility.

6. Identifying information on observer: [mostly redacted]


- page 10 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

Occupation: Employed by Orange County Road Department as a highway traffic investigator. Mr. [redacted] has been with the department for 15 years.

Background, education and experience:
a. Completed three and one half years of college towards Business Administration degree. OJT with Road Department - traffic engineering, surveying, drafting, and inspection techniques with varying degrees of experience in all subject areas. His supervisor, [redacted], telephone number [redacted] considers him best qualified as a traffic investigator. He is also a former reserve police officer. He dropped his police duties because of increase in responsibility with his job in the highway department.

b. His supervisors consider him to be a valuable employee possessing a good personality (friendly, cool-natured, alert, mature, and normal in all respects). Based on a three and one half hour interview with Mr. [redacted], the investigating officer could find no evidence to disagree with this estimate. In supervisors' interviews, he also felt that his experience as a traffic investigator and inspector qualify him as an experienced, if not trained, observer.

7. Weather conditions: See Atch 3 of basic letter.

8. There was helicopter activity to the south (behind) of the location of the sighting during the time of the UFO observation. Mr. [redacted] did not look for or see the helicopter since this was a common activity, however, he could hear the helicopter operations. In addition to the above weather conditions, it was confirmed that the weather was generally sunny, clear overhead, but that a large amount of ground haze existed which obscured vision in a horizontal direction or at angles of elevation below 30°. Visibility in a horizontal direction was estimated to be less than one mile.

9. No interception or identification action was taken on the date of sighting, however, a check made by the Marine Corps Investigators indicated that no UFO was observed on the Marine Corps Air Facility radar at the time of the reported UFO observation.

10. See paragraph 9.

11. Investigating officer was Captain Charles F. Reichandt, USAF, Director, Technical Support Directorate, Deputy for Foreign Technology, Space Systems Division, Systems Command.

3

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 11 -

ENGINEERING SUPPORT WORK REQUEST

[Checkboxes for: ENGINEERING ANALYSIS, PHOTO ANALYSIS, MACHINE COMPUTATION]

PPT NUMBER: 4610301

DESCRIPTION OF WORK: Request photo interpretation of the attached alleged flying saucer newspaper clipping. This information is needed by 1500 hours, 22 Sep 65, as the Secret. 22 the Air Force, Office of Information must be prepared to make a news release at 1530 hours regarding this newsclipping.

REFERENCE MATERIAL: Newsclipping of photos allegedly taken 3 Aug 65. Request all material be returned upon completion of analysis.

REQUESTED BY: [Name partially illegible] SYMBOL TWG/1200 PHONE 69216/6379

I CERTIFY THAT THIS WORK IS AUTHORIZED BY ME AND THAT IT HAS THE FOLLOWING PRIORITY AND DEADLINE WITHIN MY DIVISION:

[Priority and Deadline sections are filled with: 1500, 22 Sep 65]

[Bottom of form contains additional sections for Engineering Support Monitor, Work Request Approval, etc., mostly blank]

FTD SC 94 462 [Footer text]


- page 12 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

12. Three photographs of the UFO were taken. Blow-up copies of the original prints are included as Atch 4 to the basic letter. The photographs were taken with a Polaroid camera Model 100, which is a standard 4x5 equipment for Orange County Road Department officials. The camera has a focal length of 114 mm (about 4.13" inches); has a variable shutter varying from 1/8, 0 to about 1/250; open lens; and has a variable picture format 3 1/4" x 4 1/4". The camera is fully automatic and utilizes a built-in light meter which automatically adjusts camera speed and aperture. The only controls are a black and white or color select and a shutter release button. The camera utilizes a black and white Film pack utilizing film with a speed of ASA 3000.

CHARLES F. WEICKMANN
Captain, USAF
Investigating Officer

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 13 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

NARRATIVE REPORT AND ASSESSMENT

UFO, 3 AUGUST 1965, SANTA ANA, CALIFORNIA

1. The following is based upon investigation conducted personally by the Investigating Officer and from comments obtained from U.S. Marine Corps Investigators and various press representatives, and includes a "summary" of the chronological evidence involving the UFO sighting and the interplay of activities involving news media, the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and other unconfirmed agencies and officials.

2. At approximately 1130 hours PDT on 3 August 1965, he was driving SSW on McFord Road to check out a matter (not identified) pertaining to his job for the Orange County Road Department. After checking the item he turned his vehicle (Ford "van type") around and began to head NNE, still on McFord Road. He was still traveling at approximately 10-15 MPH (three to ten) when he first observed something car or object in the first side window of the vehicle. At first he assumed that it was a helicopter intruding almost directly in front of his vehicle. Because of the unusual shape of the object, he quickly stopped the vehicle and grabbed the Polaroid camera which was on the front seat (GOP for traffic investigators), and took two pictures of the object passing in front of his vehicle. Marine Corps Investigators determined that the object was at a bearing of 100 degrees true from his location. He was able to continue on his course at slow speed. He was able to take two additional photographs of the UFO through the left (60) window of his vehicle.

3. [Rest of text appears to continue but is partially obscured or cut off]

The document is marked "FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY" at both the top and bottom of the page.


- page 14 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

4. Just after taking the third picture of the UFO, Mr [redacted] heard a vehicle approaching from the rear. Concerned that he might have parked in an awkward position, he turned around to see if there was another car. Immediately, he saw a vehicle stopped 50 yards back on the shoulder of the road; he immediately turned again to look at the UFO, found it had "disappeared into the haze".

5. The Investigating Officer has noted some skepticism on the part of several individuals as to whether or not the photographs could have observed the UFO, stopped near a car in a 15 to 25 second time period. A check was made with people who are familiar with this particular model cameras, and it was determined that an experienced man could easily take three photographs within a 12-second time period.

6. At the end of the working day, Mr [redacted] returned to his office in the Road Department building and showed his photographs to several co-workers. (They were subsequently filed in a desk drawer. After a few days, and after several duplicate photographs, conversations, and general will sessions), a friend of Mr. [redacted] who is a former employee of the local newspaper commented that they should try to sell the photographs to LIFE Magazine. The friend was unidentified, however, he substantiated this bit of the story. The friend called the LIFE Magazine office in New York and was informed that they were interested. Subsequently, the friend mailed the pictures to the Los Angeles office and promptly the photographs were forwarded to the main office in New York (or Chicago).

About two weeks later the photographs were returned from New York(*) directly to Mr. [redacted] without written comment. At about the same time the Los Angeles office telephoned Mr. [redacted] to say that the main office had declined to utilize the pictures "because it was too controversial at the time". Time passed and apparently more copies of the pictures were made and handled out to various friends and friends of friends, until most of Santa Ana was saturated with the UFO pictures.

7. One of these pictures was obtained by a druggist two then apparently in Santa Ana. On or about 18 September, Frank Hall of the Santa Ana Register contacted Mr. [redacted], compared the three original negatives, and returned the originals to Mr. [redacted] and wrote an article which was published with the UFO picture (Mr. []) in the Santa Ana Register on 20 September 1954. (Two of the three pictures were released to the Register on 20 or 21 September to UFO). One or both of these pictures and accompanying articles were published by various newspapers on 21 September 1954.

[Signature/Initials at bottom of page]


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Note: Some text is redacted/blacked out, which I will indicate with [...]]

[...] States that at no time did he verbally agree to the release of the photographs or sign a statement of release. He also stated he wished it had never happened.

On 14 September 1965, the G-2 office at the El Toro Marine Corps Air Station Issued which contacted [...] letter.

[...] stated that following the publication of the UFO reports on 20 or 21 September, he received several telephone calls, including two or three calls from the local news media. He also received two additional calls. One from a man who identified himself as a representative of Boeing and the other who identified himself as a representative of NORA. According to [...] he called several people, but he had no more on the item "for reasons of national security", and that they would contact him personally as soon as possible. He said he was quite concerned about all of the phone calls for several reasons.

[...] on being told who he was, said that he did not know how [...] people managed to get his telephone number. Although his [...] name was mentioned in the press release, nevertheless his telephone number was a local Orange County [...] Department verified that Mr. [...] telephone number.

The Marine Corps G-2 Investigator who had borrowed the original prints of the photography from [...] returned them to him at noon on 23 September. [...] Frank [...] the Sergeant [...] of the G-2 office confirmed that [...] had given them the photographs without any hesitation, without attempting to verify their authenticity or closely examining their credentials, nor did he ask for any receipt for the photographs.

According to [...] on the evening of 22 September a man in civilian clothing visited his house, claimed an identification card, and announced that he was an "investigator" from the North American Defense Command. [...] said that the man's credentials closely but recalled that the man's I.D. card was in a great semblance about [...] (Covert: About the same, Frank [...] carrying case normally used by OSI, CIA, and other investigating officials.). [...] what the single I.D. card appeared to consist of no sections - the upper half being orange or pink in color, and the lower half being blue or bluegreen in color in the dimness of the porch light. [...]

[...] this man, again without receipt (he being a trusting soul), and assumed

3

[Signature/stamp at bottom of page]


- page 16 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

that he would eventually get the pictures back. He told the investigating officer that he would normal be photographed if they are returned (if they are returned).

Initially, the investigating officer was not able to contact directly, On 23 September the investigating officer went to the Road Department Offices in Santa Ana and asked how he could contact the Road Department. About one hour's conversation and one with his supervisor, Mr. [redacted] and one or two other officials in the Road Department. All vouched for his [redacted], which is described entirely in this report. At 1600 hours, he returned from the field and the investigating officer interviewed him for about three and one hours, during which time most of the information was obtained.

It was also determined that following the UFO press release the Road Department was advised with telephone calls from all over the United States, and reached such a point that the officials and Mr. [redacted] had agreed to the following, productive 22 September:

a. That he would keep his vehicle radio off so that his daily duties would not be disturbed;

b. That his telephone number would be given out to all callers who were informed that they could contact him at his residence after 1730 hours;

c. That in certain instances, appointments would be made with the callers with Mr. [redacted] at his residence during evening hours.

One such appointment was made by a man who called the Road Department and identified himself again as a Boeing representative. The appointment was made for the evening of 24 September. During the investigation, Mr. [redacted] conversation indicated that in the event that the Boeing official or the NORAD official contacted Mr. [redacted] he should obtain their name, office address, and try to determine their official status. He would do some or that he would not talk to them. A subsequent check showed that the "Boeing man" did not stop by.

Based on the investigating officer's conversations with Mr. [redacted], it appeared that he was a normal, upright and tolerant citizen. From all appearances he is not obtuse, to perverse or too suggestive. Based on testimony to the Marine Corps investigator, it was obvious that some of the minor points in his story had changed. However, the basic story remained very consistent. He believed.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 17 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

that the discrepancies in [redacted] statements were due to both or the following reasons:

a. The Marine Corps investigation was generally cursory while this investigating officer went into detailed questioning.

b. That [redacted], while trying to provide as much information as possible, was faced with the problem of trying to recall a considerable number of specific points which had been observed some seven weeks' earlier.

It is considered probable that although [redacted] was doing his honest best to recall details, that he would have had some difficulty in trying to separate "fact from memory" from general discussions and suppositions put forth by all of the people who have talked with him prior to the investigation, after having contact with him.

Prior to the contact with the [redacted], the investigating officer had been informed by Mrs Sarah [redacted], of FMD's initial P.I. estimate. Based on this information, the investigating officer attempted to effect a minor ruse by stating that he personally had tried to perform analysis of the newspaper print of the UFO and that he personally had estimated that the UFO had a diameter of about three feet. Instead of being insulted or arguing or acting as though he had been caught in a hoax, [redacted] was possibly made following comment:

a. That this was quite interesting since a man from North American Autometrics Division in Anaheim (who had gotten a copy of the photograph) had called him to say that to may check four feet in diameter;

b. That he was still convinced that the object was about 30 feet in diameter and that he did not think he could make that great a mistake in observing. The investigating officer commented to him that he personally was rusty in analyzing photography and naturally had to work with a newspaper print which had obviously been retouched and that it obviously would be to everyone's benefit if we could obtain the original prints and have an accurate analysis performed by people more qualified to effect photo interpretation.

As stated above, Mr [redacted] agreed to forward the original prints when and if they were returned by the alleged NORAD official.

[Signature]
CHARLES F REICHELT
Captain, USAF
UFO Investigating Officer

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 18 -

PHOTO #1    BEARING OF UFO ~ 10 MILES
(TAKEN THROUGH WINDSHIELD)

CAMERA DATA:
MODEL:    POLAROID 101
FOCAL LENGTH: 114mm (-+135')
FILM FORMAT: 3½" x 4½"

AUTOMATIC:    F-STOP CHANGE: 8.9 → +12
SET BY        SHUTTER SPEED: VARIABLE
INTERNAL
METER

FILM: BWPF FILM PACK
ASA 3000

REGISTRATION
LAND HOLDER

TRAFFIC ON SANTA ANA FREEWAY
DISTANCE APPROX. 3/8 MILE


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

Photo #2 Bearing of UFO ~ 90° Magnetic

Taken through Knot Door Window
Window Believed Closed

Internal Window Dimensions 19¾ x 14½"

(The rest of the text appears to be annotations on the technical drawing/diagram, including measurements like "3½"" and "Face of Knot Facet: 5/16 x 5/16")

The image appears to be a technical drawing or schematic of what seems to be a window or door, with detailed measurements and annotations.


- page 20 -

Text found in the document:

PHOTO #3    BEARING OF UFO    76° DEGREES

TAKEN THROUGH RIGHT DOOR WINDOW
WINDOW BELIEVED CLOSED

The image appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram showing a curved outline and some simplified line drawings, possibly representing a vehicle or object viewed through a window.


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

LOS ANGELES EVENING AND SUNDAY HERALD EXAMINER
LARGEST EVENING CIRCULATION IN AMERICA

VOL. XCV    Tuesday, September 21, 1965    10 CENTS    H**    NO. 179

WHAT'S THIS IN SOUTHLAND SKY? A FLYING SAUCER OR AN OLD HAT?
Rex Heflin photographed this saucer-shaped unidentified object near Santa Ana with a polaroid camera were taken Aug 3 when the Southwestern portions of the nation were flooded with reports of unidentified flying objects.

Heflin said he was working when caught a glimpse of a silver object which he estimated to be 30 feet in diameter and eight feet thick.

He said it was visible for 15 seconds and moved from west to east, accelerating at about the same speed as a magnifying glass the beam of its diameter is in one of the photographs.

Heflin said he carries a camera with him for his work, and that during his lunch hour, while at sight, he was able to take the three pictures.

During the time the object was near, Heflin said he tried to communicate with it by radio, but the radio in his vehicle, but the radio was inoperable. He said the photographs have since worked perfectly.

Despite the object's apparent size, Heflin said he was unable to take any mysterious identifiable size, position or arc.

Heflin said he was willing to take a lie detector test to verify the authenticity of the pictures.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

TDSN/UFO
Request for UFO Information, Captain Reichmarth

Hq USAF SANTOC (Mrs Hunt)
Pank O C 20130

Analysis of data submitted by you concerning the photos taken by
Mr. on 3 Aug 65 at Santa Anna, California, has been completed.
We are attaching two copies of the photo analysis report. It is
suggested that one copy be retained for your file and the second
copy given to Mr. This evaluation was based on enlargements
of the polaroid pictures. If the original prints are received,
this analysis may be altered.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF     1 Atch
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems    Photo Analysis Report

ORIGINATOR
TDSN/UFO   Maj E Quintanilla, Jr       DATED   7 Nov 65

[The bottom portion of the document appears to be a partially obscured text block labeled "Blue Picayune" with some text visible but mostly cut off]


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

Los Angeles Herald-Examiner
Wednesday, Sept. 22, 1965

3 Photos
Air Saucer
Mystery
Stirs Row
By TOM NEWTON
Herald-Examiner Staff Writer

Controversy continued today over pictures of a "flying saucer" reported taken near El Toro Marine Base by a Highway Department employe.

Heflin, who identified himself as a Colonel with NORAD (North American Air Defense), was asking him to retrieve from com-

The highway investigator said today he intended to call the Highway Department today.

Heflin, Monday released three silver-tinted photos snapped at 11:30 a.m. Aug. 5 while working in an area near the El Toro Base and the nearby Marine Corps Air Facility.

Neither air station reported any unidentified objects on the radar that day.

Heflin told investigators the "saucer" disappeared the silver object after it estimated its size as 30 to 50 feet in diameter and about eight feet thick.

NO SOUND

Heflin said it was visible and moved from west to east, according to a speed as a jet plane.

"It made no sound," he said. "Just a beam of white light rotated underneath the saucer."

Authoritative sources confirmed his claim that "the light was visible in the last of the three pictures, using 'magnifying glass'." The "saucer was slightly tipped in the third picture revealing its underside."

The county employe said he carried the camera as part of his work. Photographers at the base have been possible to take the three pictures within 15 seconds with the camera Heflin carried.

'RADIO DIED'

Heflin, who says he believes in flying "saucers," said that during his sighting of the object he tried to contact his base station in Santa Ana.

He said: "The radio went dead twice. While I was trying to make contact the strange white object was visible."

The incident occurred during a period marked by numerous sightings of UFO's (unidentified flying objects) throughout the Midwestern and Southwestern country.

Heflin said he is willing to take a lie detector test regarding the pictures of the tentative NORAD objects meeting last Thursday night in Santa Ana.

Officials at the El Toro Base said they were continuing to investigate the report to the 11th Naval District in San Diego. The report will eventually reach Washington.


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Handwritten at top right]
NEWSPAPER UNKNOWN
(CLIPPING SENT IN)

UFO Photo
Released

SANTA ANA, Calif. (UPI)—Flooded with reports of unidenti-
county highway department in- fied flying objects.
vestigator who doesn't believe Heflin said he was working
in flying saucers has photo- near the Santa Ana Marine
graphed a saucer-shaped flying Corps air facility when he
object that has yet to be identi- caught a glimpse of a silver ob-
fied. ject which he estimated to be
Rex Heflin, 37, has released three feet in diameter and eight
three photographs which he feet thick. He said it was visi-
says were taken Aug. 3 when ble for 15 seconds and moved
the midwestern and southeast- at about the same speed as a
ern portions of the nation were jet.

A Flying Saucer?
Some people don't believe in flying saucers, but what's this? The picture
was taken near Santa Ana by a government worker.


- page 25 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The Register
METROPOLITAN ORANGE COUNTY'S WATCHFUL NEWSPAPER
SANTA ANA, ORANGE COUNTY, CALIFORNIA SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 26, 1965 Daily 10c-Sunday 20c 60th Year-Number

AF Launches
Full Probe Of
County UFO

By FRANK HALL
AND
BILL PARR
Register Staff Writers

The U.S. Air Force has launched a full-scale investigation to determine the nature of the unidentified flying object about which Maj. Hector Quintanilla Jr., chief of the Project Blue Book, Saturday confirmed that the

Moffin said he was questioned
for 3 hours and 15 minutes last
Thursday by Capt. O.E. Mefford, with the Space Systems Center.

The captain was polite and
considerate throughout the interview, and he discussed quite a number of possibilities as to what the object might have been. Nothing conclusive was decided, Moffin said.

Moffin took exception to remarks made by Maj. Quintanilla Thursday that a preliminary analysis of the pictures showed the circular object to be a "maximum of three feet in diameter and at an altitude of 15 feet."

He said initial investigation here would be conducted by the Air Force Space Systems Center in Los Angeles.

Three pictures of a purported "flying saucer" taken by Helfin Moffin near Midway Road between Valga Avenue and the Santa Ana Freeway were published by The Register last Thursday.

The 35-year-old Moffin took the photos while on his job as a county highway investigator. He used a Polaroid camera assigned to him for photographing traffic scenes and road project problems.

"I still feel what I saw was real," Moffin said. "I saw the object on the ground. It was about 50 feet off the ground. Even if I'm a bit off in my estimate, I can't

UFO Saucer Probe
(Continued from page A1)

(Continued from Project Blue Book will go to Dr. Maj. Quintanilla, chief of the Dayton, Ohio, installation of the Air Force's Foreign Technology Division.

"We will continue the initial report prepared in Los Angeles with more careful studies in an effort to provide a definitive explanation of what was photographed.

"For further investigation is to be made for the Air Force staff to investigate further, this week a report will be made to the Foreign Technology Division in Dayton, Ohio.

Moffin said the initial investigation was conducted by Capt. O.E. Mefford of the Space Systems Center.

A spokesman for the Naval Optical staff can make a very valid analysis from a newspaper reproduction of a copy of my photo," Moffin said.

Maj. Quintanilla admitted the first staff photo analysis inside their staff was "inconclusive."

(Turn To Page 16, Column 1)


- page 26 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a landscape with some structures, but the details are very difficult to make out due to the low contrast and poor quality of the scan.


- page 27 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a scanned document page with significant blurring or degradation. The text is clear at the top and bottom of the page, but the central image is very dark and mostly illegible.


- page 28 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC    UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing part of a vehicle or structure with a landscape in the background. A small dark object (possibly a UFO) can be seen in the sky.


- page 29 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a view through a vehicle's side window or mirror, with a landscape or terrain visible in the background.


- page 30 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

Image description: A black and white photograph showing a rural landscape with a dirt road, some utility poles, and what appears to be a small dark object (possibly a UFO) in the sky to the left side of the image. The landscape looks barren and flat, with sparse vegetation.


- page 31 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION AFSC

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

The image appears to be a very low quality, dark scanned document with significant image degradation. The photograph or image in the center of the page is extremely dark and illegible, with no discernible details visible.


- page 32 -

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 33 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NR 65-48
PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT 14 August 1965

SUBJECT: UFO Report
LOCATION: Santa Ana, California    DATE: 3 August 1965

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF _____________ IR ________________ QUALITY ______________
P NRO -1 - 8X10 Prints & Investigating Reports

1. PURPOSE: This report is in response to work order No. 65-106 submitted by Major Quintanilla, Jr., (TDEW/UFO) requesting photo analysis of attached three photographs showing allegedly unidentified flying object. The following analysis was conducted from three cropped, blown-up copies and not the original prints.

2. ANALYSIS: Although it is not possible to disprove size of the object in the camera information submitted and distance to the object quoted in the report by Mr. _______ two focal lengths were probably focused on a set distance and not on infinity, as the terrain background was blurred on all three photographs. The center white stripe on the road and the object appeared to have the same sharp image, therefore, it is felt this the object was on the same plane as the center white stripe or closer to the camera and could not possibly be the size quoted in the report. Using the width of the road as a factor, it was estimated the size of the object to be approximately one to three feet in diameter and approximately fifteen to twenty feet above the ground.

3. A test was conducted by the FTD Photo Analyst and Photo Processing personnel with the results shown on the attached photos. The photographs were taken with a Polaroid Camera, Model 110A using 200 ASA film. Focal length 129mm, aperture F32 at 300th of a second, focused on a distance of 15 feet. The object seen in the photographs was a 9" in diameter vaporizing tray, tossed in the air approximately 8 to 12 feet high at a distance from the camera of approximately 15 to 20 feet. The result of the test shows surprising similarities between the object on the test photograph and the object on Mr. Heflin's photography.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:                      APPROVED BY:
Frank E. McPeak                         Robert L. Base
Intelligence Research Specialist        Captain, USAF
                                        Chief, Photo Analysis Division

                                        Wilber Price, Jr.
                                        Director,
                                        Photo Exploitation Directorate

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 34 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

The image appears to be a low-quality, black and white document with a blurry photograph at the bottom, but the details of the photograph are not clearly discernible due to the poor image quality.


- page 35 -

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

(The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a landscape with a wall or structure in the foreground and a small object in the sky, possibly a UFO or aircraft)


- page 36 -

Here is the text from the document:

PICTURE taken Aug. 3 near Santa Ana, Calif. Marine Corps Air Facility shows saucer-shaped object. Photo was taken by Rex Heflin, county highway department investigator, about five numerous UFO sightings were reported in area, and has just been released.


- page 37 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Enter News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Dec 65

Santa Ana, California
3 Aug 65

FLYING OBJECT CAUGHT ON FILM IN CALIFORNIA: On August 3rd, a county highway department investigator in Santa Ana, California, took three photographs of a UFO which was flying near the Marine Corps Air Facility there. According to the photographers, the object was close enough for him to be able to estimate its dimensions. He said that it was 30 feet in diameter and 8 feet thick. It was in sight for only about 15 seconds.

The highway department investigator, named Rex Herlin, added that the object made no sound, and had a beam of white light which rotated underneath it. He also stated that he tried to communicate by two-way radio with his supervisor, to tell him about the UFO; but he found the radio inoperative, though it has worked well since then. This is apparently still another case of electromagnetic disturbances caused by the presence of UFOs.

The pictures, which are in our files, were taken in broad daylight, but are not clear enough to reproduce here. They show a flat-topped object with a fin below the main portion, something like a hat. Somehow we got a skeptical feeling about these pictures, though Mr. Herlin has stated that he is willing to take a lie detector test, spending their authenticity.

At least one other sighting was made in the vicinity of the Marine base at about the same time as Mr. Herlin's.


- page 38 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR: 65-43
PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT: 19 October 1965

SUBJECT: UFO Report
LOCATION: Santa Ana, California    DATE: 3 August 1965

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF: ______    IR: ______    QUALITY: ______

1. PURPOSE: This report is in response to work order No. 65-106 submitted by Major Quintanilla, Jr., (TDEW/UFO) requesting photo analysis of three photographs showing alleged unidentified flying object. The following analysis was conducted from three cropped, blown-up copies and not the original prints.

2. ANALYSIS: Although it is not possible to disprove size of the object from the camera information submitted and distance to the object quoted in the report by Mr. [redacted], we feel that the following is the true case. The camera was probably focused on a set distance and not on infinity, as the terrain background was blurred on all three photographs. The center white stripe on the road and the object appeared to have the same sharp image. Therefore, it is felt that the object was not on the same plane as the center white stripe or closer to the camera and could not possibly be the size quoted in the report. Using the width of the road as a factor, it was estimated the size of the object to be approximately one to three feet in diameter and approximately fifteen to twenty feet above the ground.

3. A test was conducted by the PTD Photo Analyst and Photo Processing personnel with the results shown on the attached photos. The photographs were taken with a Polaroid Camera, Model 110A using 200 ASA film. Focal length 129mm, aperture F32 at 300th of a second, focused on a distance of 15 feet. The object seen in the photographs was a 9" in diameter vaporizing tray, tossed in the air approximately 8 to 12 feet high at a distance from the camera of approximately 15 to 20 feet. The result of the test shows surprising similarities between the object on the test photography and the object on Mr. [redacted] photography.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:                                APPROVED BY:
[Signature]                                        [Signature]
FRANK E. MCPEAK                                   ROBERT L. BASE
Intelligence Research Specialist                  Captain, USAF
                                                   Chief, Photo Analysis Division

[Signature]
WILBUR PRICE, JR.
Director,
Photo Exploitation Directorate


- page 39 -

This case includes three (3) 8"x10" photographs, file (5) 5"x7" photographs, and six (6) 5"x4" negatives.


- page 40 -

ITEM/TWO
UFO-Photo Analysis

Hq USAF SAFOI-CC (Mrs Hunt)

1. Reference your recent telephone conversation with Major Hector Quintanilla of AFSN and the attached memorandum concerning Congressional interest in two polaroid pictures. These pictures were submitted to the photo analysis directorate at FTD for analysis.

2. The attached letter dated 15 November states that analysis of this type of print would be meaningless. Should the individual who made the print desire an evaluation, it is essential that he submit the original negatives and the desired camera information.

FOR THE COMMANDER

KING T. JORGENSEN, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

ORIGINATOR
TECH/UFO        HQ SAFOI-CC, JR

DATED    14 Nov 65

There is a date stamp in the top right corner that reads "NOV 18 1965"


- page 41 -

Here is the text from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

TO: Maj. Quintanilla
IDEW

REMARKS:
Maj. requests that he
be informed as to the nature
of UFO and desires to know
what the final official PI
analyses reveals.
This office would like to
know also.

FROM: [Partially obscured text]
Capt USAF

Date: Aug 62
Phone: 3320

DD FORM 95 (Replaces DD Form 94, 1 Feb 50, and DD Form 96)


- page 42 -

CAN YOU BELIEVE THE CAMERA EYE?

SANTA ANA, Calif., Sept. 9l.—Here saucers. But there in the sky, hovering near the base, was an object. He whipped out his trusty camera and took two pictures of something that does look round and flat and saucer-like. Later he said the object was 30 feet in diameter, eight feet high, and visible for 15 seconds.—UP


- page 43 -

