Here is the text from the document:

DATO: (HOURS)

DEC 28 1965

Hq USAF SAFOI0C (Mrs Hunt)

We have received a report from [redacted] and Mr and Mrs [redacted], concerning an object which has been observed many times since 3 November. Request that you inform the witnesses that the planet VENUS has been in a position of this object for the past month. Suggest that you inform them that the appearance of astronomical bodies are frequently distorted by atmospheric conditions such as inversions or haze.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIK DE JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

ORIGINATOR: Maj H Quintanilla, Jr     DATED: 22 Dec 65

INDW/UFO

INDW: N.L. Pekham             DATED: 28 Dec 65

Handwritten notes in top right corner:
35th SPEC 165-
04/0032
STURGIS MICHIGAN


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
4627TH SUPPORT SQUADRON, SAGE (ADC)
CUSTER AIR FORCE STATION
BATTLE CREEK, MICHIGAN 49016

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 4627PPS                                                                   8 December 1965

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

TO: AFSC(FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB,
Ohio, 45433

1. Description of the Object:
   a. Circular in shape.
   b. Approximately one-hundred feet in diameter.
   c. The object was first seen illuminated with a green and carmine light. Cut recently has been seen with only the green light.
   d. There was one object only.
   e. The top of the object was lighted with an intense greenish light similar to the light of a mercury arc lamp. The area lighted was about thirty-five percent of the total area. The bottom of the object was originally seen enveloped in an intense carmine light but in recent views this light has not appeared.
   f. There was no tail, trail or exhaust visible.
   g. There was no audible sound.

2. Description of Course of Object:
   a. The observer walked to the window to look out and he noticed the object.
   b. The azimuth and elevation of the object at first observance was two miles southwest and three thousand feet in elevation.
   c. The azimuth and elevation of the object at disappearance was two miles south-southwest and approximately four thousand feet in elevation.
   d. On first observance the object hovered, slowly descending and made one very rapid sideways movement to the west, about one thousand feet.
   e. It again began to descend. The upper light remained steady but the bottom light fluctuated rapidly, acting as though there were extremely hot flames enveloping this area. As it descended further it became stationary and remained in this position for at least five minutes.
   f. On more recent viewings the object seemed higher but maintained the same course.
   g. Also, the bottom light is no longer visible.
   h. The object dropped down just above the horizon and shot off to the west and disappeared in a matter of seconds.
   i. The object was originally visible for approximately five minutes but has been viewed for up to an hour.


- page 2 -

3. Manner of Observation:
a. Ground-visual.
b. The object was first viewed with a pair of 10x50 binoculars.
It has recently been viewed with a ten power Bausch and Lomb telescope
and a pair of 6x40 binoculars.

4. Time and Date of Sighting:
a. The first sighting was at 0035-0040 zulu on 4 November 1965.
It has been sighted approximately a dozen times since then between the
hours of 2230 and 0100 zulu.
b. Light conditions-night.

5. Location of Observer:
a. The object was sighted from the observer's residence, six miles
west of Sturgis, Michigan on the northeast shore of Klinger Lake.

6. Identifying Information on Observer:
a. Civilian.
b. Age- sixty years.
c. Occupation - General Manager of Wilbur Chemical Company.
d. Estimate of Reliability - good.
e. Witnesses - [partially obscured] Sturgis, Michigan.

7. Weather and Winds:
a. Observer's account - The visibility was unlimited. The sky was
cloudless and the moon clear, in the waning phase, about a half moon.
The stars were plainly visible and the temperature was 34 degrees F.
The object has not been observed on cloudy evenings.

8. Position Title and Comments of the Preparing Officer:
a. Position - Special Services Officer.
b. Comments - [Name] was a very responsible job as
General Manager of the Wilbur Chemical Company, Division of Ramler
Industries, Inc. This job obviously requires vast technical knowledge
despite the fact that he has no more than a high school education. After
reading his very detailed report on his original sighting and after talk-
ing to him about his several recent sightings, I feel confident that
something out of the ordinary is being viewed. I also feel that due
to the fact that this object has been seen so often and that it seems
to appear in the same location and about the same time, that it is not
a weather balloon or an airplane. It is obvious that there is something
there, but I have been unable to obtain any further information on the
possible cause or identity of this object.


- page 3 -

Mr. [redacted] stated that this object was like nothing he has ever seen and he could not determine what it possibly could have been. He did mention that this object seemed to rotate on an axis. He has been unable to take photographs of this object.

KENNETH F. NICK II, 2nd Lt, USAF
Special Services Officer


- page 4 -

