There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This seems to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text found in the document is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 6/6/6 0/00:02
2. LOCATION: Des Plaines, Illinois  
3. SOURCE: Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One Reported
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: One Hour
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: AIGHT-UP
1. Astronomical (CONFIRMING)
Initial sighting: Multiple bright stationary or slow moving objects silhouetted against the night sky. Appeared to be several miles away and stationary or moving very slowly. Vehicles appeared to lower in elevation by at least 200 feet or more over the minutes. They showed a pulsing type of light, varying in brightness, and a series of short light flashes to the South or the object. Three or four distinct objects were visible at the same time, illuminating the sky over a wide area. They were seen to disappear and reappear at irregular intervals, watched for an additional 45 minutes. No further physical evidence was available.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report document from the Project Blue Book information officer at the Berg-Warner Corporation on an occurrence or phenomenon witnessed on July 1, 1965.

Berg-Warner Corporation
ROY C. INGERSOLL RESEARCH CENTER
WOLF AND ALGONQUIN ROADS, DES PLAINES, ILLINOIS 60018, PHONE 312-824-9131

July 26, 1965

Project Blue Book Information Officer
Maj. USAF (SAFOI-PB)
The Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

Recently I was witness to an occurrence or phenomenon of some sort which baffled me, but may be of interest to you as a Blue Book observation. This took place in Des Plaines, Illinois.

On the evening of July 1 at about 10 P.M. while waiting for a friend, I became engaged in watching some glowing clouds. As a result, at best, only a thousand or so stars were visible. While engaged in this stellar observation, I observed a lighted object maneuver between the clouds, at times come out and hover, and then retreat behind the clouds again. This was at about 10:25 P.M. after a few seconds of closer observation it was quite apparent that one was not looking at a star. The object seemed to be silvery in color and sometimes gave an appearance of two or three lighted points. Its appearance (size and brightness) was a trifle of the same order and somewhat brighter than familiar stars, but not exceptionally so. 

After about two minutes or less it seemed to have slowed considerably in velocity. After Z concentrated it is to be because the object's line of progress was at right angles with which to judge its pace of progress. As a check I noted the object's path to be at right angles with a distant fixed star. Next, the object seemed to "stand still" for a moment and then reappeared at another small star in the sky. Needless to say, I was a bit interested in this and continued to observe. I should like to add, however, that I was not overly excited or alarmed, but rather intrigued by the appearance and maneuvers of the object.

Between 5 - 7 minutes after I had determined its motion to have ceased, there occurred a series of short light flashes just to the south of the object. These were of the same brilliant nature as the object, lasting on each flash about 1/2 second. They flashed on and off several times, covering an area of about 40-45 degrees.

I watched for an additional quarter hour before having to leave. The object remained in view until I departed. As far as I can tell, if any change had occurred, the sky had clouded over and no stars were visible at all.

- page 2 -

The image contains a photograph of an unidentified object in the sky, which appears to be a UFO. The text in the document is as follows:

IF you should have received any correlating information on this occurrence, I should appreciate knowing about it.

Sorry this letter was not sent off sooner, but vacation, etc., interfered a bit.

LITT:ac

Berg-Warner Corporation
ROY C. INGERSOLL RESEARCH CENTER
WOLF AND ALGONQUIN ROAD, DES PLAINES, ILLINOIS 60016
BORG - WARNER

Project Blue Book Information Officer
Hq. USAF (ACDC-PC)
The Pentagon
Washington 25, D.C.

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page, only handwritten text.

Transcription of text:

Area in the where sighting occurred was apparently 1-2-15. First object remained stationary-

TIME 2300 (C.S.T.)

ARCTURUS

- pt at which flashes occured
- pt where motion ceased
- general region where velocity seemed high

ANTARES

ALTAIR

VEGA

- position first noted

- page 4 -

