The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from a Project Blue Book record document that contains text information about a reported sighting of a satellite (ECHO II) over Kettering and Dayton, Ohio on September 17, 1965.

17 September 65  18/000/52
CIVILIAN
ONE
Satellite (ECHO II)
Object characteristics of Satellite: ECHO II over the West at 48 deg elevation in flight to NE
Seconds
Ground-visual
North
Yes
FTD SPR 0-329 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text on a form. As per the OCR instructions, I will now proceed to output the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes     No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes    No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound 
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length. If you had performed this experiment sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your picture any of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or glows. Please be sure to indicate the direction the object was moving.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and answer choices.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
Inside a building
In a car
Outdoors
In an airplane (type)
Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city b. In the residential section of a city c. In open country/rural? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Traveling over the country?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving?
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you see the object at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Telescope Yes No f. Theodolite Yes No g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you observed.

- page 3 -

The image contains a diagram with sketches and text, but does not contain any photographs.

Transcribed text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the high the object was above the horizon (sky-line) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the diagram to show how high the object was above the horizon (sky-line) when you last saw it. Place on "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on the path, a "B" on the start of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

To the north east point of observation.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes / No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes / No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may have a bearing on this report.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day
Month Year

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 23/0240Z 22/SEP 65
2. LOCATION: Kettering, Ohio
10. CONCLUSION: UNKNOWN
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: White object circled at 230 deg and 240 deg. Object moved slowly no sound. Moved to 190 deg and disappeared.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions about a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been created by the Technical Information Sheet Division of the U.S. Air Force to aid in gathering detailed information about the occurrence of unidentified aerial phenomena. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you will furnish will be carefully considered and the further investigation of this matter that is deemed necessary, we will contact you for additional details.
1. What did you see the object?
2. Time of Day: 2:30
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration): 30 Minutes
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN in relation to you and the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To the left d. To the right

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or survey filled out by an observer.

IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
a. None
b. Same as usual
c. Brighter than usual
d. Don't remember

WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear
b. Partly cloudy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Mist, drizzle, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know

COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:
_________________________________________________________________

THE SIZE OF THE OBJECT (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO DON'T REMEMBER
b. Break into parts or explode? YES NO DON'T REMEMBER
c. Change direction? YES NO DON'T REMEMBER
d. Change shape? YES NO DON'T REMEMBER
e. Leave a trail? YES NO DON'T REMEMBER
f. Disappear and reappear? YES NO DON'T REMEMBER

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The witness provided a handwritten response to this question.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, please provide more details.

16. Did the object move in front of or behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, please provide more details.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: 
b. Size:
c. Color:

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known size of the object. If you had determined this measurement, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The witness provided a handwritten response to this question.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the features of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate the direction the object was moving.
The witness provided a handwritten drawing in response to this question.

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This seems to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to UFO sightings.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 7 to 8 thousand miles per hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1 to 1 1/2 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle one)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? North 
24.2 How fast were you moving? 35 to 40 miles per hour
24.3 Did you see the object while you were looking at it? Yes

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses yes 
b. Sun glasses yes
c. Windshield No
d. Window glass yes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the details and appearance of the object which would give the same appearance as the one you saw.

- page 10 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report. The diagram shows an aerial view of something, with angles and directions indicated. There is also a compass rose or similar visual element in the bottom right corner of the image.

TEXT OF THE DOCUMENT:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curve where the object was when you first saw it. Place a circle on the curve where the object was when you last saw it. Indicate by an arrow the direction the object was traveling. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

27. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? (Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.)

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by an observer.

Text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information on any unidentified aerial phenomena that you may have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any similar reports that may be received from other observers, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 17 SEP
2. Time of day: 10:50 (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): E. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near ... City or Town ... State ...
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Minutes Seconds
5.1 Certain fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHTTY CLOUDY
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object:
(Circle One) a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you
FTD FORM OCT 55 144 This form supersedes FTD 155. JUL 51, which is obsolete.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report form, with various questions and blank spaces for the witness to fill out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
Yes

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle one)
Yes, if "yes", did they see the object too? (Circle one) Yes

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: [Redacted] SEX: [Redacted]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day:  8/May    Month: May    Year: 1965

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text that can be extracted from the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   Day   Month   Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points covered in this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Significant data, description of object seen, its behavior, color, apparent size, time of observation, location, etc. Continue on the back if necessary.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with questions and checkboxes for documenting UFO sightings.

8.1 STARS (Circle One): 1. None, 2. A few, 3. Many, 4. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): 1. Bright moonlight, 2. Dull moonlight, 3. No moonlight - pitch dark, 4. Don't remember
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? - CLOUDS (Circle One): 1. Clear sky, 2. Hazy, 3. Scattered or broken clouds, 4. Thick or heavy clouds - WEATHER (Circle One): 1. Dry, 2. Fog, mist, or light rain, 3. Moderate or heavy rain, 4. Don't remember
10. The object appeared: (Circle One) - 1. Solid, 2. Transparent, 3. Vapor/smoke, 4. Don't remember
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One) - 1. Brighter, 2. Dimmer, 3. Comparison brightness to same, 4. Don't know
11.1 Comparison brightness to same object: - 1. Brightness seemed to some compare to object
12. The color of the object was: (Circle One) - 1. Steady, 2. Fluttering, 3. Sharply outlined, 4. Don't remember - OTHER
13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) - a. Appear to stand still at any time? - Yes, No, Don't know - b. Start moving again after standing still? - Yes, No, Don't know - c. Move up or down? - Yes, No, Don't know - d. Sudden start or stop? - Yes, No, Don't know - e. Zig-zag, slow, or abrupt course changes? - Yes, No, Don't know - f. Increase or decrease in size/speed? - Yes, No, Don't know - g. Flash or flicker? - Yes, No, Don't know - h. Disappear and reappear? - Yes, No, Don't know

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document, the output is:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
(V/)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes     No     Don't Know.   IF you answered YES:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    In front of:   Yes    No       Don't Know.   IF you answered YES:  

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: -  
b. Color: WHITE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object. If the match stick or arm covers the known object when sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match hand?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any outstanding features or peculiarities of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or any other evidence to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 16 -

There is no visible photograph in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with questions and answer choices.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other_

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city 
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield? 
e. Flying over a city or country? 
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.3 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO  

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Binoculars Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram or sketch. The diagram appears to be a set of instructions or questions related to observing and reporting on unidentified flying objects (UFOs). It includes a compass rose and instructions for drawing the motion and path of an observed object.

Text from the document:

Traveled in general direction of _____ point of observation.
If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only a scanned page from an old UFO report document. The page appears to be a form with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out, such as whether they have seen the object before, if anyone else was with them, personal information, and when and to whom they reported the sighting.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. US

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their name and address:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] [REDACTED] City, [REDACTED] Zone 39
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE [REDACTED] SEX M
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
[REDACTED]

- page 19 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document, specifically a questionnaire for reporting an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force certain information that is vital concerning Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs). Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any further official investigation that may be deemed necessary. Please be assured that if it is deemed necessary, your name will not be used without your permission.

1. When did you see the object? 17 SEPT 1965
2. Time of day: 7:35 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? KETTERING OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) a. Certain___ b. Fairly certain ____ c. Not very sure ___ d. Just a glance
5.1 How was time in sight determined? YES
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear, b. Bright, c. Cloudy, d. Night
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? a. In front of you, b. To your right, c. To your left, d. Behind you, e. Don't remember

FTO GCT 52 166 THIS FORM SUPERSEDES FTO 166. JUL 51, WHICH IS OBSOLETE.

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form for recording details about a UFO sighting.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Numerous
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT? 
9. CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember
d. As a light

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: It was the size of a cart. more or less 25% a Cart.

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Lighted or glowing
c. Other 
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Move in a straight line? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Give off colored lights or fire? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 21 -

