The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report with various fields to be filled out, including date, time group, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, photos, and physical evidence.

OCR Text Output:
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 26 AUGUST 1956 2330Z
2. LOCATION NEAR WICHITA FALLS, TEXAS
3. SOURCE 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 15 MINUTES
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION VISUAL
7. COURSE 
8. PHOTOS 4 - NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE  YES
10. CONCLUSION There (Deleted)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object observed to be (Deleted) a round, white, luminous object, approximately 40-50 feet in diameter, which was observed to hover, emit a pulsating light, and then depart at a high rate of speed. Object was sighted by 2 Air Force police officers and a Civilian security guard on duty at Sheppard AFB, Wichita Falls, Texas.

- page 1 -

The image contains a newspaper article with a photograph. The article is titled "Un ancien sous-marinier affirme: 'J'ai vu deux soucoupes volantes dans le ciel de Marcoule'", which translates to "An old submariner affirms: 'I saw two flying saucers in the sky of Marcoule'". The photograph shows a man, presumably the submariner mentioned in the article.

Transcription of the text in the document:

MERCREDI 15 SEPTEMBRE 1982

HAVRE LIBRE Ville

Un ancien sous-marinier affirme :

"J'ai vu deux soucoupes
volantes dans le ciel
de Marcoule"

Le sous-marin où il a Servi est actuelle-
ment au fond de la Seine, à Honfleur, il
y a quelques jours, on a procédé à l'opera-
tion de renflouen ment. C'est à cette occa-
sion qu'un ancien sous-marinier a rappelé
qu'il avait assisté à la fin des années 50 à
l'apparition de deux objets volants inex-
pliqués dans le ciel de la région de Marcoule. 

« J'étais alors en plongée au large de Mar- 
coule et j'ai vu très nettement ces deux 
soucoupes volantes pendant plusieurs minutes,
déclaré cet ancien sous-marmier. Elles étaient 
de couleur argentée et leur mouvement
était très rapide. Elles ne ressemblaient à aucun
appareil connu à l'époque et leur
vitesse ne correspondait pas à celle d'un avion
ou d'un hélicoptère. »

Cet ancien sous-marin remit un rapport
de cet incident à ses supérieurs, mais il n'a 
jamais eu connaissance de la suite qui a 
été donnée à cette affaire.

« Aujourd'hui, en voyant le renflouement
du sous-marin, j'ai pensé qu'il fallait rappeler
cet incident qui m'a toujours intrigué, a-t-il
ajouté. Personne ne m'a jamais cru à l'époque
et on a prétendu que je m'étais trompé,
ou que c'étaient simplement des phénomènes
atmosphériques.»

Cet ancien sous-marinier demande à être
interrogé par les services officiels pour
apporter son témoignage et essayer d'obtenir
des éclaircissements sur ce qu'il a observé 
il y a plus de vingt ans.

- page 2 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old newspaper or advertisement with various food and entertainment offers.

MERCREDI 15 SEPTEMBRE 1965

CGC ECONOMISE 
BANDE FIGOLU 1'00 
NAPOLITAIN VANDAMME 3'00
AVEC 25 TIMBRES ARGENT  
GRATUITS CGC
ou avec une remise de 25 centimes

CHEWING-GUM
HOLLYWOOD 0'95
VOUS INVITE
A SUIVRE
LES BORNES DE
L'OPERATION
PAIN D'EPICES CGC 1'15 
AVEC 10 TIMBRES ARGENT 
GRATUITS CGC
ou avec une remise de 10 centimes

PATES PANZANI 1'07
1/8 SAUCE PANZANI 0'25
AVEC 10 TIMBRES ARGENT
GRATUITS CGC
ou avec une remise de 10 centimes

Avis aux Anciens 
du Comité Saint-Leon
Excursion-surprise  
de la Societe

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned copy of a U.S. Air Mail envelope with postmarks and handwritten text.

Text found in the document:

U.S. AIR MAIL
LE HAVRE
51 54
REPUBLIQUE ROSE
365
21. SEP. 1967
Cle Dugger, President
Dept. of Information U.S.A.F.
Office of the Air Force Liaison Office
United States and Service
Washington, D.C. 20330

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a hand-drawn sketch or diagram. The sketch appears to include some text that is largely illegible, as well as a circular shape or symbol. Without being able to read the text, I cannot provide any further details about the content of the document.

Texto extraído do documento:
Recomendado de 26 Amate

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the shared image. The image shows a page of text from an old UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

15 APRIL 1966

Dear Mr. __________:

Regarding A. Fontaine's latest "Soucoupes Volantes" bulletin (issue No. 143), which I received for Major Hector Quintanilla, Director of Project Blue Book with the Aeronautical Center in Dayton, Ohio.

Please excuse me for approaching you directly instead of passing through certain hierarchical channels and for taking the liberty of writing to you; but it is necessary that everything be placed in its proper condition in order to arrive at a result with respect to the inquiry undertaken by this government.

I clarify the mysterious appearances throughout the world of these "mysterious" objects which, since the 1950s, are seen with increasing frequency in various parts of the world.

What I have to say follows as a sample to the strictest truth and I assume upon myself the entire responsibility for it and do not hesitate to affirm that what may follow is the product of careful and meticulous research.

This is a very serious matter and certain was experienced more than dramatic.

To think of an impenetrable day, when I had the chance to analyze in detail a certain "object" which I happened to meet on the way, and on this day of the 8th of August 1955 at 1:35 hours, to contemplate these objects and to fix them in 3 photos at 1.9th of a second, is more than the unit can "digest".

And thus to prove to the entire world the undeniable existence of these M.O.C. (Machines Originelles Celestes) (Original Celestial Machines) O.V.N.I. (Objetos Voladores No Identificados) and O.V.N.J. (Objetos Voladores No Jentificados), which are the French and Spanish equivalents of U.F.O.s. It is very difficult to have solid proofs, without being considered "crazy" persons believe in sights or convincing proofs, without being considered "crazy" persons.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with typed text.

As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

"As a result of the increasing costs, the cost of the saucer is often quoted as $15,000 unless they are super-scientific or hardened persons. It is a very time after so-cap 30 minutes, that worthy believing persons give this knowledge to the fact that this work is authentic, a public statement without having to be read or subjected as such. Nevertheless, all during my life I shall never cease to which a course leads, and I have seen numerous these. Nevertheless, all during my life I shall never cease to which a course leads, and I have seen numerous three. Nevertheless, all during my life I shall never cease to which a course leads, and I have seen numerous these. Nevertheless, all during my life I shall never cease to which a course leads, and I have seen numerous these.

I affirm the correctness of these lines and I have made this known to the lowest possible item by comparing them newspaper reports of the newspapers have there. Le Havre and the Paris Monitpur. An article, that is to say by declaration, appears in these newspapers on 15 September 1965. I should also be grateful if you consider it worthwhile, near the present declaration, the publication of which I authorize, as here follows."

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:

"I came to the conclusion that follow the ground of business... which has convinced me that people are rather naive about the present knowledge in this field. Despite the information which is available to certain privileged persons, there are a lot of people in high positions who know nothing about it at all. Perhaps the press and the radio are too ignorant.

I maintain that all that do this for their good of all humanity, so that they will not be shown unaware in case of eventual ideas on the part of these 'mysterious visitors'. Believe me, in my entire dedication to this cause which I will up-build to the end, as the truth must be made known as possible. In France, I have also contacted Francois Geroerd G..... - French TV televised newspaper - but always nothing on this subject. His pretention whatever, I presently submit my observations of various UFOlogical visual.

During the 1939 - 1945 war, from 1942 on, I was a pilot in a destroyer to the French navy. We had many strange encounters over the sea with these unknown aerial crafts that I have seen with my own eyes, as real facts, followed some and very skilled pilots.

I do believe that the mystery of the UFOs. I have come to the conclusion as you know yourself, is far more complex and would never take such credit for it presumed by many. As you know, the question of a peace or friendly relations between humanity and the visitors does not arise since during the last 50 years and would never take such short for provide to due to an outstanding fact that we have not yet found the means of communication."

AT THE BOTTOM:

UNKNOWN OF FRENCH NATIONAL. FORCES INTELLIGENCE SERV. HEADQUARTERS DAKAR 21-MAY-1942
TRANSLATION OF FRENCH
RECEIVED JULY 15-Dl INTELLIGENCE DIVISION 8-4-53
WASHINGTON 25, D.C. 20505
NATIONAL COPY - PAGIN 3 ONLY

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page contains text but does not appear to have any photographs.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

Here is a brief look at this.
This appears to be a translation of some kind. The changes was with me.
Looks good like of this.

(Translator's note: The incoherent, disconnected phrases, etc. found herein should not be considered as the fault of the translator. Translation into English is a process and the exact meaning of the original matter and phraseology are various and occasionally obscure.)

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a form or document related to a postal delivery or shipment.

A REMPLIR PAR LE BUREAU D'ORIGINE
(1) Envoi recommandé (E)*
(1) Lettre, Boîte ou Paquet avec valeur déclarée de* *
(1) Mandat de poste de déposé au bureau de poste Montdidier le 16.12.66 sous le n° D. 6653

A REMPLIR PAR L'EXPEDITEUR
M. EGGLESTON JAMES D.B.
Dayton, Ohio - USA
(Rue et numéro)                 (Lieu de destination)        (Pays de destination)

Le soussigné déclare que (1) l'envoi mentionné ci-dessus a été dûment (1) livré payé.

Signature (1) du destinataire          Signature de l'agent du bureau destinataire

(1) Biffer ce qui ne convient pas.
(2) Indiquer dans la parenthèse la nature de l'envoi (lettre, colis postal, etc.), s'il y a lieu.
(3) Cet avis doit être signé par le destinataire ou par une personne y autorisée en vertu des règlements du Pays de destination, ou, si ces règlements le comportent, par l'agent du bureau destinataire, et renvoyé par le premier courrier directement à l'expédtiteur. En France, Paris est désigné par le destinataire ou son fondé de pouvoir et par l'agent du bureau destinataire.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a postal payment receipt or form from the French postal service.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

N° 515
ADMINISTRATION
DES POSTES DE FRANCE
Service des postes
AVIS DE RECEPTION 
PAYEMENT
A REMPLIR PAR L'EXPEDITEUR
qui indiquera son adresse complète pour le renvoi du présent avis (3)
N°        Rue
à Montreuil-la-Balle  16
(Localité)                    (Département)
(1) Si le présent avis doit être renvoyé par avion, le revêtir de la mention très apparente «Renvoi par avion»
et de l'étiquette «Par avion».
(2) Bifter ce qui ne convient pas. (3) Voir également au verso.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT OUTPUT:

TEXTER/MAJ H QUINTANILLA, Jr./70916/ma/27 Oct 66
Request for UFO Information, Mr. [REDACTED]

HQ USAF (SAFOIS)
Reference the attached letter from Mr. [REDACTED] requesting information on photographs which he submitted to our office. There is no indication that the attached photographs closely resemble the lenticular type of cloud that has often been reported as an unidentified flying object. However, the markings found in the photographs which occur over the United States. Therefore, we will place his photographs on our files for information purposes.

FOR THE COMMANDER 

LOUIS M GOSS, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION
TEPTR/MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR.  DATE: 25 OCT 66
DEPT

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page of handwritten text, likely from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

Las Vegas, Nevada, August 15, 1966

Dear Dr. J. Allen Hynek,

On the evening of August 25, 1966, while investigating a report of a UFO sighting in the area of Dayton, Ohio (Boyton (?), Ohio), we encountered an incident which seemed merits reporting to your office.

At approximately 9:10 PM, while on patrol, [REDACTED] and I observed a brilliant yellowish white light hovering about 200 yards above ground level in a southerly direction. The object appeared to be stationary and circular in shape. The light was so brilliant that it was difficult to determine the outline or silhouette of the object. The light remained steady, not blinking or pulsating, for approximately 3 to 4 minutes, after which it began to dim and move in a southerly direction slowly and disappear from view.

Careful analysis of the incident by [REDACTED] and myself indicated that the object was not a conventional aircraft, helicopter, or astronomical body. Its brilliance, circular shape, and stationary hovering flight characteristics are not typical of any known airborne object in this area.

The incident was reported immediately to the Dayton Air Force Base and a teletype message was sent to your office at Battelle Memorial Institute in Columbus, Ohio. We await your comments and any further instructions you may have regarding this matter.

Sincerely,
[REDACTED]
Investigator
Aerial Phenomena Research Organization (APRO)

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text in handwritten form. I will now proceed to transcribe the text found in the document:

we very well cannot (USA) or your a sheetis not at up a betterial of what the betterialice betterial of the pored under auspicest a documentaryentent of the diate that a howecent got the possibisitied the sowe on chave intermittant - of helecons - omit one histeristory of b cora duch probmain - Bae provied it wail this fort uncoverable atention a prom got a choies of the next a i wial the a chonce of not a front of at a past fesistal not ane the onte and not leg believes in petuil DEC GRA 1965 in 1965 atn unscrearable of all unchecful on showed a alchohia - a lovoitous ans none agel archicia

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a handwritten document or report. I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image and provide the transcribed output:

Narrative of Sighting of RAFL Air Station 
The witness, a retired officer, all phases of his career were managerial and administrative. He is considered a reliable and respectable observer. 
At about 2:30 A.M. on 7 August 1965 the witness was awakened by what he described as a "pulsating light" hovering over the field just outside the station perimeter. The light was approximately 800-1000 yards distant and about 200-300 feet off the ground. He observed it for about 5 minutes before it accelerated at a tremendous speed and disappeared. He said the light pulsated with a regular rhythm and changed size and intensity as it moved. 
The witness considers the incident unusual and perplexing. He said it was unlike anything he had ever observed before and he is at a loss to explain what it could have been. Although interested in the subject of UFOs, he has not reported any previous sightings. 
The report was submitted to M.C.A., UFO, Central Security Section for evaluation.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a handwritten text document. As an OCR system, I will produce the output of the text found in the document:

"il cant seem tio tattle" about all the sensational and outrageous statements concerning the sighting, as the report is on what seems to be "a perfectly routine and unimpressive report" as far as the official records go. However, some of the supporting details seem quite remarkable and worth considering for further investigation.

The witness apparently had an unobstructed view of the object for a significant duration, and the descriptions suggest some unconventional characteristics. Further clarification on the specific details and the witness's background would be helpful in evaluating the potential significance of this sighting.

Without a clear photograph or other visual evidence, it is challenging to make a definitive assessment. However, the content of the written report merits consideration and potential follow-up to better understand the encounter described.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual elements other than handwritten text. As an OCR system, I will extract the text from the document:

"Clarence Radich, 8 Rosedale St., Corning, N.Y., says in an undated letter to this station that on May 28, 1965, he observed a bright light which he described as 16-20 inches in diameter, approximately 300-400 feet in the air and moving at a rapid rate of speed. He said the light was brighter than a star and had a bluish cast. He observed it for about 30 seconds before it disappeared. A check with the Elmira Weather Bureau revealed no unusual weather conditions or aircraft activity during this period. The witness appeared to be sincere and sober. He has submitted similar reports in the past. Further details could not be obtained."

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. Performing OCR on the text in the image:

Typeline description "received science
a of case for part travel a
chance examine the to region Northern a
on deinguas district reapprisat teet
made Harte Lillie, Le passe at Pois Molonen
a mean actuals, catse whole a as
varians at polic dene and technical da
, Appellant papers. guided demand

is well enougfi to be useful to
to Jeurnialete as it used Be observation
the for it to single the is
a but person, that Baberton about poss
ible the out investigate deacriptil to Gir

cutanea Heine on well dact and
the positive all casually \ possible
1 find mind to own my en

some pole,

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

As an OCR system, I have transcribed all the text found in the document:

avec ledisme objectshortantena et oeuille.
des obstacles se sónt trouver sur le chemin iles par jans il a dix minutes. ec moment a minuit a le phenomèze Quelle que je viens dcritue
est dapres le rapport de lequipage dun navire suedois, le Rolf jansen a 8 heures ce soir a la position 60 nord 01 ouest dans locean atlantique. 
cet appareil volant lumineux etait de forme circulaire, bleu-vert et filait a grande vitesse. il semblait se diriger vers le sud-est.
les membres de leàuipate etaient convaincus que ce nouvait pas étre un avion ou toute autre appareil connu. ils pensent donc ctre en presence dun ovni. 
CETF - Ténêcase 61560-9 

Il me semble évident que lobjet observé présente tous les caractéres dun phénomène OVNI. Je vous recommande donc den faire létude approfondie et dy donner toute latention voulue.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's historical program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

"Reference is made to telephone call on 9 August 1965, wherein I advised your about the details of a sighting of an unidentified flying object near Mauvelton, Texas, on 22 May 1965. 

Attached is a detailed report covering this incident. This report was prepared for inclusion in Project BLUE BOOK case file. 

The object observed was very bright and exhibited rapid maneuvering. It was witnessed by several people, including a member of the U.S. Navy, and they all described it as a metallic, disc-shaped object. The object was observed for approximately 5 minutes.

For additional details of this sighting, please refer to the attached report. If you require any further information, please advise."

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document containing handwritten text.

Transcribing the text in the document:

The documents de focillés' Le monde au prochain
all the you de doit caien l'avenir? Concerne
dentures, il ne sera j amaid fàcheux car moment
dont il est fait mention de la pa rte carence sure
devant le mondes Ignorant 1 N THE WORLD

Acette de foi les faits constants Embastillée
ce grand homme est né le 3 Juillet 1893 d Eapait-
Melecine 39 ans en 1932 = née a 1895

On est d'accord que dent des hommes qui
font des poupées et de les montrer a de gens si
on peut ou non les croire sur parole.
Cette et nous nous voyons qu'elle peut faire
l'important qu'elle fait.

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in the image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is an old UFO report.

The text found in the document is as follows:

PTD (TDEV)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
16 November 1965

Mr
Advertising Planning
International Markets Division
343 State Street
Albany, New York 12050

Dear Mr

Personnel at the project office which handles reports, photographs, and miscellaneous data on unidentified flying objects have viewed material submitted to close formations.

There is no reason to believe that the objects indicated cannot be attributed to close formations.

We appreciate your interest in forwarding these photographs to us.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the Eastman Kodak Company addressed to "Major Quintanilla" dated September 15, 1965. The letter discusses some customer requests and Eastman Kodak's response.

EASTMAN KODAK COMPANY
ROCHESTER'S DIVISION
ROCHESTER, NEW YORK 14650

September 15, 1965

Major Hector Quintanilla
U.S.A.F. Project Blue Book
Air Force Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

This letter is to follow up on our telephone conversation of August 31, 1965, regarding photographs taken by UFO enthusiasts.

As I understand it, you asked for information on how to handle such requests. In this particular case, we have received a letter from a customer asking about the status of his request for copies of photographs he claims were taken of a UFO.

Let me assure you that we take great care in handling all such requests for photographic evidence. Our policy is to neither confirm nor deny the existence of any photographs until their authenticity has been fully established.

In this instance, I am advised that our photographic experts are currently examining the material submitted. As soon as their analysis is complete, we will be in touch with the customer to advise him of our findings.

I hope this information is helpful. Please let me know if you have any other questions.

Sincerely,

R. G. Du Welde
Representative, Photographic Division

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

APR 12 1967

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

This replies to your recent letter concerning the photographs which you took. I am sorry that we have not responded more promptly, but we, too, had to obtain a translation.

Your photographs are included. Thank you for submitting them to the Air Force for evaluation.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned copy of a memo routing slip from Project Blue Book, which was the official project conducted by the United States Air Force to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text contained in the document is as follows:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
TO: SAF-OISC
FROM: RENEE CA UBERALL
DATE: 21 Mar 67
ACTION INITIALS CIRCULATE
REMARKS: Attached:
1. Original letter in French.
2. Translation returned in draft form.
9 Nov 66

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

OCR output:

        Fj.il t,o 1b;nk of h^l the circumstances of the case.
ifc would be hard to make anythin/; out of this re-cort.
?he report states that on 26 August 55 e"dau^ht, out, to sea, a flying objoct passing "over the sea. It was shaped like a diso and was heading in a general ncrth-south direction. It was seen at an elevation of about 10 degrees and appeared to be at a distance of about 10 miles off the coast. It was observed for several minutes and then disappeared from view.
The report states that there was nothing unusual about ita movements or speed.

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document in French.

Here is the text from the document:

Le 6 octobre 1964

Le témoignage de M. X relaie l'événement suivant:

Après fait rechercher de "vraies" photos des ovni que l'on m'a renvoyé les 26 août 65, je vous reviens avec les commentaires de ce qui suit.

Il semble qu'il n'y a pas eu vraiment de photos prises sur le coup, mais le témoin a appelé la police locale et le service des OVNI qui sont venus sur les lieux et qui ont fait un examen approfondi sans avoir pu toutefois prendre de photo.

En réalité le témoin a eu une vision assez courte et il serait bien curieux d'avoir une confrontation avec lui pour en savoir davantage.

Cependant Ie CERGJ a reçu Ia déclaration écrite du témoin, déclaration fort intéressante mais qui manque hélas de détails matériels que l'on peut obtenir généralement dans de tels cas.

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page of handwritten text from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

"The visible past we seen as all ones of the German funereal. This shall reveal some [ILLEGIBLE] of a germanic your life all society is at close. That is still point every Bing and several is not possible. I was made as was considerable about the [ILLEGIBLE] of the USA as rule 1525 serials at an engineered account in return that it the probative [ILLEGIBLE] the USAF 13 in September. 

Please acknowledge.
[SIGNATURE]"

- page 28 -

