Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: September 65 05/081.2

2. LOCATION: Nebraska Missile Site

3. SOURCE: Military

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 Hour, Nine Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual (THEOBLD)

7. COURSE: Rising

8. PHOTOS: Yes [X] No [ ]

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes [ ] No [X]

10. CONCLUSION: Astro (UNIDED)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers used Theodolite and identified object as brighter with three moons visible. Initial report relayed to center from observers at old Mt. base. Object, Evaluation made by members of Terrain Allowance Team.

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

(2) Object again appeared in same location but on the next five successive observations flew a straight course and disappeared to the East. At first, object became three white objects, but as it moved Eastward the two white objects disappeared and there were now six red, green, and white lights as shown on plot.

d. Object sighted and observed through binoculars by Staff Sergeant and two neighbors, at 1930 local time. Object, oblong, about the size of a saucer, moved with an up and down motion, white in color with a flashing light. Located near Dalton area launched at 1024, so this object is eliminated as a weather balloon. Object was also observed on 31 August and 3 September. See plot number 4.

e. Object was observed to the North of Cheyenne by group of eight young civilians, whose hobby is stargazing with a 50/100 telescope. Object appeared low on horizon, moving slowly Westward, disappearing somewhat higher above horizon. There were three objects, size of a dime, close together with red, white, and blue lights. See plot number 4.

f. Object first sighted by personnel at Golf, who informed two members of the Target Alignment Team at a nearby Launch Site. The base observed the object in a moonlike and identified it as Jupiter, due to observation of the three moons of that planet.

3. The members of the Target Alignment Team and Geodetic Survey personnel have an excellent knowledge of astronomy and can present a very accurate description of objects and movements.

4. The weather in all sightings was clear with occasional clouds.

5. Report was compiled by Major Gene D. Brown, Intelligence Staff Officer, with 19 years of intelligence experience.

6. Attached are four plots showing locations of observers and directions of movement.

7. Request information as to whether this or the previous report may be released to the public.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of William R. Gilbert, Colonel, USAF]
Commander, 809th Combt Spt Gp

4 Atch
1 - 4 Maps

2


- page 2 -

Visible text on the document:

Alliance
Bridgeport

Bottom right corner:
OEDJSP (L.A. Calif.) 62-19590

The image appears to be a map or diagram with various lines, routes, and dotted/shaded areas, primarily showing what seems to be a geographical region with several named locations. The map appears to be black and white with a grayscale/dotted pattern.


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Wyoming

Letters indicate Missile launch control centers.

West Angle
Cloud bank

Nebraska

14 hrs 36 minutes
passed 4 times
2 - minutes

There is also a hand-drawn map/diagram with letters representing different locations, and a compass rose (N, S, E, W) in the top left corner of the document.


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Wyoming - Cheyenne

Letters indicate Missile
launch control centers.

Three lights in this
formation 2 minutes of flight time

vanished

Note: Some text appears partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document.

The document appears to be a map or diagram with letters representing different locations, with a compass rose (N, S, E, W) in the top left corner, and various state names like Wyoming, Colorado, and Nebraska noted.


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Wyoming

Cheyenne

Colorado

Nebraska

Letters indicate missile
(sites point control centers)

N
T
Q
P
A
D
F
K
G
H
I
O
L
M

Some text on the right side of the document appears partially illegible, with only fragments visible.

The document appears to be a map or diagram showing the locations of missile sites and control centers across several states.


- page 6 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 2707TH AIR MISSILE WING (SAC)
FRANCIS E. WARREN AFB, WY 82002

AFCRC 900COP
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO: AFSC (FTD)

1. Reference AFR 200-2, as amended. The following described unidentified flying objects are an addition to our report of 6 August 1965.

2. Description of Objects: The reported objects are plotted on the attached maps with descriptions as referenced in subparagraphs below:

a. Reported by civilian guard at Sioux Army Depot to Golf Launch Control facility, were Air Force personnel observed with binoculars. The first sighting began at 2145 local time, and the second sighting at 2220 local time. The latter sighting consisted of two objects moving approximately one mile apart. Objects were the size of the North Star, pale yellow white, and moving rapidly about 30 degrees above the horizon. See plot number 1.

b. Reported from Hotel Launch Facility and observed by nine military personnel with the aid of binoculars. See plot number 2.

(1) The first sighting was of an object the size of a star which appeared to be on course, westward, disappearing to the Southwest. Object was at 20,300 feet, very fast, and reappeared at four 25 minute intervals on the same course.

(2) The second sightings were to the North of the observation point. Seen was a point, slightly larger with each successive sighting. Resembled a luminous glow, white to red. In shape, and the last two sightings appeared to have a trailing white slow. On four occasions, there was a rearing point-like mass at some distance behind. Notice some similarity to following report on same night by another group.

c. Objects reported by Fires airmen of a Geodetic Survey Team, who observed them with the aid of a telescopic (equivalent to a 40 power telescope). See plot number 3.

(1) Object appeared to be twice the size of a pinhead, appeared in the middle of the big Dipper and moved on course as indicated. When seen through the theodolite, objects became three white objects grouped as shown on plot.


- page 7 -

