PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 31 October 65 01/0100

2. LOCATION: Efland, North Carolina

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: NE

8. PHOTOS: Yes Movies-In File

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Astro (CAPELLA)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object was sighted in the Northeast section of the sky and was located at a 45 deg angle between land and directly overhead. The object was illuminated in red, yellow, and blue to greenish color increasing and decreasing in intensity from time to time giving the object an appearance of different colors at different times. It appeared to move to the right or left or move closer or pull away. Observer was able to drive 17 miles to a television station, set up a camera on a tripod, adjust a telephone lens and shoot the film. While the object remained in the general location. Several other people in the area had also observed the object. "Object appeared as the one sighted by many people throughout the Southwest last month." Their description matched the description of the object he saw also.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

TDEV/UFO
UFO File

Hq USAF SAYONIG (Mrs. Hunt)

We are returning the motion picture film taken by Mr. [redacted] on the night of 21 October 1965 in Efland, North Carolina. The film was viewed by analysis personnel and the light depicted is consistent with photographs of a bright star or planet. The star CAPELLA was described in Mr. [redacted] letter. At 8:30 P.M. the star CAPELLA was at 20 degrees elevation and 45 degrees azimuth in the approximate position which he has indicated.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

ORIGINATOR
TDEV/UFO   Maj. J. Quintanilla, Jr.

Dates: 31 OCT 25 (top right corner)
       11 Nov 66 (bottom of document)


- page 2 -

DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA 27702 919-477-2381

Miss Sara Hunt
Headquarters USAF
(SAFOTCC)
Pentagon Room 4A120
Washington, D. C. 20330

Dear Miss Hunt:

I sighted the object on the film last Sunday night (October 31st) at approximately 8:00 p.m. outside of my home in Efland, North Carolina. It was in the northeast section of the sky and was located at a forty-five degree angle between land and directly overhead. The object was illuminated in red, yellow, and blue to blue-green colors...each color increasing and decreasing in intensity from time to time giving the object an appearance of different colors at different times. There were no sets of color change, the object changed colors randomly.

The object would move to the left or right, move closer or pull away. These movements were also at random. I was able to drive 17 miles to the television station, set up a camera on a tripod, adjust a telephoto lens (a six-inch lens) and shoot the film while the object remained in a general location. I used Eastman Tri-X 16mm film, shot at 48 frames per second...and forced the film in the processor as much as possible. We checked with the Morehead Planetarium at UNC and found that several other people in this area had also seen the object. A firing from the high altitude research center at Wallop's Island, Virginia was xxxxxxx ruled out because a check with NASA revealed the xxxxxxx was such a photograph taken last month of an unidentified flying object appeared in the Oklahoma Journal.

The object had been sighted by many people throughout the southwest and their descriptions matched the description of the object I now perfectly.

Sincerely yours,


- page 3 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW/UFO

DATE: JAN 11 1968

SUBJECT: UFO FILM

TO: HQ USAF SAFOI.CC (Mrs. Hunt)

We are returning the motion picture film taken by Mr. [redacted] on the night of 31 October 1965 in Efland, North Carolina. The film was viewed by analysis personnel and the light depicted is consistent with photographs of a bright star or planet. The star CAPELLA was in the position described in Mr. [redacted]'s letter. At 8:30 P.M. the star CAPELLA was at 20 degrees elevation and 43 degrees azimuth in the approximate position which he has indicated.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
ERIC T. de JONGHIERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

2 Atchs
1. Ltr
2. UFO Film


- page 4 -

January 13, 1966

Mra Hunt/sh/SAFOICC/7284c/13 Jan 66

Dear Mr [redacted]:

I am returning the film which you took on the night of October 30, 1965, in Efland, North Carolina. The film was viewed by photo analysis personnel. The light depicted is consistent with photographs of a bright star or planet. The consistent was in the position described in your letter at 20 degrees elevation and 45 degrees azimuth at the time the film was taken.

Sincerely,

JOHN F. SPALDING
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Community Relations Division
Chief, Civil Branch

1. Atch
Film
No. [redacted]
Durham, NC

[Bottom of page contains a table titled "COORDINATED BY (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date)" with mostly blank entries]


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

EFLAND, NORTH CAROLINA 27702 919-477-2131

Miss Sara Hunt
Headquarters USAF
(SAFOTOC)
Pentagon Room 4A120
Washington, D. C. 20330

Dear Miss Hunt:

I sighted the object on the film last Sunday night (October 31st) at approximately 8:00 p.m. outside my home in Efland, North Carolina. In was in the northwest section of the sky and was located at a forty-five degree angle between land and directly overhead. The object was illuminated in red, yellow, and blue to blue-green colors...each color increasingly and decreasingly in intensity from time to time. While the object an appearance of different colors at different times. There were no sets of color change, the object changed colors randomly. The object would move to the left or right, move or roll away, these movements were also at random. I was able to drive 17 miles to the television station, set up a camera on a tripod, and just a telephone lens (a six-inch lens) and shoot the film while the object remained in a general location. I used Eastman tri-X 16mm film, shot at 48 frames per second...and forced the film in processor as much as possible. We checked with the Morehead Planetarium at UNC and found that several other people in this area had also seen the object. Firing from the high altitude research center at Wallop's Island, Virginia was xxxxxxxxx ruled out because a check with NASA revealed that no such findings have been made. Last month a photograph of an unidentified flying object appeared in the Oklahoma Journal. The object had been sighted by many people throughout the southwest and their descriptions matched the description of the object I saw perfectly.

Sincerely yours,


- page 6 -

