PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
26 September 65 27/0452

2. LOCATION
Middletown, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (ARCTURUS)
Sighting has characteristics of an astro body sighting. The object was at 15 deg elevation 290 deg azimuth.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Two Hours Still there

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Circular disc shaped object with a dome on the bottom. Flashing red, green and white lights. No features noted. Observed at 20-40 deg elevation in NNE. Still there after two hours but at 10-15 deg elevation. Faded twice during observation. 20X Binoculars. Also observed following sighting in same place according to news article.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual (2X)

7. COURSE
NNE Descending

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Flying Objects...
(Continued from page 1)

"I observed the object through binoculars," the object, with was a disc-shaped flying object.
It was noticeable at night because of the green, red, and white spinning lights."

Bayne said the lights resembled the spinning top light of a patrol car. He said at one point the object seemed to be at a 45 degree angle.

Watching the object in a sort of circus-show with six other neighbors and some children Bayne said the object did not move at one point for about 20 minutes.

He said of the neighbors called the Stewart Air Force Base, and within a half-hour an aircraft approached and appeared to be on a collision course with the flying saucer object.

The plane, however, appeared to make a pass at the object and then flew away. When Bayne ran his wife left and returned with binoculars.

Bayne who served in the Air Force, said he would discount the object was a star because it seemed to disappear and then reappear. He said he didn't think it was a reflection but obviously something.

"Yielding" saw many planes in the air Sunday afternoon, of the "flying Boxcar" type, which are heavy aircraft, and wondered if they had anything to do with the nighttime activity of the flying objects -- or saucers, or whatever it was.

An interest in the reports about flying saucers, and was naturally curious. He said, however, he was "thankful" he was not alone when he observed the object at length, and was glad others had seen it before.

Bayne's wife watched the object Monday night, and reported it moved positions gradually.

Bayne asked an unrecorded question: "What if they are vehicles with beings to communicate?"

Walter F. Gard, a chemistry and astronomy professor, set up a telescope at Orange County Community College Monday night, and after viewing objects, announced they were stars. Officials at Stewart Air Force Base, however, did not announce they were stars. An official made no other comment except to say an investigation is being held.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ORANGE COUNTY POST
Thursday, September 30, 1965

Republican Roundtable Luncheon
At Orange Inn; Wilson to Speak

Charles Brooks
Lauded By Monroe
Republican Committee

POLITICS -- Blowing Grove Chairmen of the Republican Party discuss the coming election with two of his men, Pico Antone, candidate for Supervisor and Fred Goodrich, committeeman for the third district. Mr. Goodrich of Salisbury Mills will be taking the place of Lester Seaman who died during the summer.

Obituaries
Paul Stewart Dad, the infant son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert E. Daly of Ash Drive, Beaver Dam Lake, died at St. Lake's Hospital on September 24. The child was born September 19.

Graveside services were conducted at Woodlawn Cemetery by Rev. Eugene Dugre of the Cornwall Presbyterian Church.

Miss Elizabeth Howes
Miss Elizabeth A. Howes of Monroe died September 26 in Goshen Hospital after a short illness.

She was born in Jersey City, N.J., daughter of the late David and Mary Howes.

Miss Howes lived in Monroe 22 years, was a member of the Church of the Sacred Heart and was a retired secretary for the New York Life Insurance

Lieut. Gov. Malcolm Wilson will speak at the Republican Roundtable luncheon at the Orange Inn, October 6 at 12 noon. It was announced today by William E. Doulin, county chairman.

Wilson serves as assemblyman for 30 years from Westchester County before his election as Lieutenant Governor in 1962. He was re-elected in the 1962 election. He is a graduate of Fordham College and Fordham Law School and has been accredited honorary degrees by Alfred University, Brooklyn Law School, Canisius College, Fordham University, Pace College, St. Bonaventure University and Siena College.

The New York State Society of Newspaper Editors awarded him its John Peter Zenger award "in recognition of his service to the cause of Freedom of the Press and the People's Right to Know" in 1967.

It is expected that his audience on Oct. 6 will include all the Republican candidates.

LaForge, Mrs. Luijens
Named to Grange Offices
CHESTER, (OCP) - - Al LaForge was re-elected master and Mrs. Agnes Luijens was chosen lecturer of the Chester Grange last week.

Other officers are: Stewart Floyd Storms; Assistant Steward, Arthur Davis; Chaplain Eunice King; Treasurer, Jane McElhany; Secretary, Barbara LaForge; Gatekeeper, George King; Ceres Trefern Fowler; Pomona, Mena Thompson; Flora, Bessie LaForge; L. A. Stewart, Christina Davis and Executive Committee Member, John Luijens.

Lecturer Ruth Storms presented a program on the topic of September

Ludlam Opens Campaign
James E. Ludlam, Jr., Republican candidate for Supervisor of the Town of Monroe, formally opened his campaign September 18. Mr. Ludlam, for his first public appearance, that the Town of Monroe should have three assessors instead of one. "In a town which has over 6,000 parcels of land, three assessors would be much more preferable to one" he said, "for the following reasons."

Brush Hopes Residents
Have Good Memories;
Running For Councilman
I hope the citizens of the town of Woodbury have good memories. Last year I went on record as being against the Town of Woodbury giving water to industries on side our water districts.

At that time I spent a lot of time questioning members of the Town Board on this issue. I also wrote several letters to our various newspapers in this locality. I am glad to see that some of the town board members have come around to my way of thinking. Now is the time to come out, stand these things, there is an election coming up.

I am running for Councilman of the Town of Woodbury as a Conservative Party candidate. I would like to take this opportunity to ask the people of the town of Woodbury to vote for me. I can continue to question any matter which I believe would not benefit our town.


- page 3 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 4603D AIR BASE GROUP (ADC)
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK 12554

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    4603ODC

SUBJECT:    UFO Sighting

TO:         Hq AFSC (TDEW)                                   1 October 1965

The attached UFO report is submitted in accordance with para 13b,
Change A to AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JOHN N. JOHNSON, III, Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Operations & Training Division

1 Atch
UFO Rpt w/2 atch

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
4603d Air Base Group (ADC)
(4603ODC)
Stewart Air Force Base, New York, 12554
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS


- page 4 -

A. Description of Object
1. Shape: Circular, disk shape with a dome on bottom.
2. Size: Silver dollar at arm's length in diameter
3. Color: Off object - none; however, flashing green, red and white lights were seen with a possibility of blue, as well.
4. Number: 1
5. Formation: N/A
6. Features or details: dome on underside, light rotating as beacon.
7. Tall or exhaust - none seen.
8. Sound: none
9. Other features: none

B. Description of course
1. First called attention to object by wife.
2. Angle of object when first observed: 30° to 40° above horizon in northwest.
3. Angle of disappearance - did not disappear - when he left it was at 10-15° above horizon in northwest.
4. Flight path: No maneuvers, slow movement, several large aircraft were seen near object.
5. How did the object disappear? Faded twice. Observer thought fading caused by atmosphere. Still visible when he went inside to watch T.V.
6. How long visible: Observed for 1 1/2 hours to 2 hours.

C. Manner of Observation
1. Ground- visual, air visual, possibility is being checked and will be sent to you if able to obtain.
2. Optical aids: 30 power binoculars "Bosch & Lomb".
3. Airborne - unknown at this time.


- page 5 -

D. Time and date of sightings:
1. Zulu time Group 0045-0230, 27 Sep 65
2. Night

E. Location: 41° 26' 35" N 74° 25' 40" W. In yard of [redacted], Middletown, N.Y.

F. Mr. [redacted], age 35, [redacted], Middletown, N.Y. General Manager of Prudential Insurance Corp. Good
Mrs. [redacted], age 32, same address. Wife Good
Mr. [redacted], [redacted], Middletown, N.Y. (unable to contact)
Mr. [redacted] Orange County Post, Editor. See Atch 2.

G. Weather
1. Clear, still night

AWS, SWF. Ground winds 300/04 Temp 12°C Vis: 10-15 miles. High thin scattered clouds. Dew point 8°C.

3.
4. 6000'   300/15 +07°C         300/20 +03°C
5. 10,000  270/30 +02°C         260/20 +02°C
6. 16,000  260/45 -08°C         250/50 -12°C
7. 20,000  250/50 -17°C         250/55 -18°C
   30,000  250/80 -40°C          230/80 -40°C
   50,000  250/70 -63°C          250/50 -59°C

H. Unusual activity. Cold front at surface.

I. Aircraft were reported near object.

J. Not now available.

K. Roger B. Tyrrell, 1st Lt USAF, 4713th Def Sys Eval S4

2


- page 6 -

These people saw an object or light refraction of unknown cause. There have been no objects of any airborne sightings although Hugenot Vortex is in the location of object sighting. Hugenot Vortex is the intersection of several jet and low altitude routes. Inquiries, so far, have been negative as to air sightings. The length of time observed seems to possibly indicate an object of relatively fixed location. The sighting could be a refraction of sun's upper limb; however, if such, it should have risen on horizon instead of falling, as the shape of object would indicate reversed image.

L. Physical Evidence: See Attachments 1 and 2.

3


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Orange County Post
(Masthead text)
Where Farm and Industry ... Blend

Washingtonville, New York, Thursday, September 30, 1965     Price - 10 Cents

Flying Saucers?
People Say Yes
Orange County Residents Watch
Objects; Air Force Investigates

New Patrolman Named
in Village of Chester

CHESTER, OCT. - A part time patrolman has been added to the Chester village police force.

Dennis J. Berry, of Wickham Village, Warwick, was sworn in and has begun his duties. He will work approximately twenty hours a week.

No specific schedule has been established. Berry will work as needed to augment the present force.

Berry is also employed by the Sheriff's department in Goshen and is familiar with police work.

WASHINGTONVILLE, (OCP) - Over the past week, dozens of people throughout Orange County have claimed they've seen flying saucers or objects in the sky. Officials at Stewart Air Force Base in Newburgh have started an investigation.

Many people naturally are skeptical. They ask "Who are these people that have seen the objects, and how do we know they're not exaggerating?"

The truth of the matter is, too many people have seen the objects, including businessmen, policemen and other responsible citizens.

One such person is H. Kenneth Bayne, a Middletown business executive, who lives at 16 Crescent Place.

Bayne and a group of neighbors watched the object hovering in the sky for close to two hours Sunday, beginning around 8. On Monday night, Bayne's wife Sally saw the object again.

(Continued on page 10)

Additional text includes:
- PTA Unit Hosts Central Hudson
- Washingtonville Lions Club mention in a photo caption


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Orange County Post

Washingtonville, New York, Thursday, September 30, 1965 Price - 10 Cents

INVITATION TO PARENTS
The first meeting of the Taft School Unit of the George Washington PTA will be held on Monday, October 4 at 8 p.m. at Taft School, Townsend Road, Washingtonville. This is a special invitation to parents of children attending Taft Blooming Grove Church classes and Parish classes to attend.

Flying Saucers?
People Say Yes
Orange County Residents Watch
Objects; Air Force Investigates

New Patrolman Named
In Village of Chester
CHESTER, (OCP) - A part time patrolman has been added to the Chester village police force.
Dominic J. Berry, of Wickham Village, Warwick, was sworn in and has begun his duties. He will work 20 to 25 hours per week. No specific schedule has been established. Berry will work as needed to augment the present force. Berry is also employed by the sheriff's department in Goshen and is familiar with police work.

WASHINGTONVILLE, (OCP) - Over the past week, dozens of people throughout Orange County have claimed they've seen flying saucer objects in the sky. Officials at Stewart Air Force Base in Newburgh have started an investigation.

Many people naturally are skeptical. They ask "Who are these people that have seen the objects, and how do we know they're not exaggerating?" The truth of the matter is, too many people have seen the objects, including businessmen, policemen and other responsible citizens.

One such person is H. Kenneth Hayne of Middletown, business executive, who lives at 15 Crescent Place.
Hayne and 4 others of neighbors watched the object hovering in the sky close to two hours Sunday night, explaining ground? (Continued on page 16)

PTA Unit Hosts
Central Hudson

The George Washington Parish PTA

(Continued on page 16)


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Flying Objects....
(Continued from page 1)

"I observed the object through binoculars," Bayne said. "It was a disc-shaped rotating object hovering above the green trees. It was spinning in the green, red, and white spinning lights."

Bayne said the lights resembled the spinning top light of a patrol car. He said at one point, the object seemed to be at a 45 degree angle.

Watching the object in a series of circles with six other neighbors and some children Bayne said the object did not move at one point for about 20 minutes.

He said one of the neighbors called Stewart Air Force Base, and within a few minutes a plane approached and appeared to be on a collision course with the flying saucer object.

The plane, however, appeared to make a pass at the object and then flew past it. At about 11 p.m., the object was still visible.

Bayne who was eyed in the Air Force, said he would discount the object was a star because it seemed to disappear and then reappear. He said he didn't think it was a reflection but obviously something else.

Bayne said he saw many planes in the air Sunday afternoon, of the "flying Boxcar" type, which are heavy aircraft, and wondered if they had anything to do with the nighttime activity of the flying objects -- or sources, or whatever it was.

Bayne said he had an interest in the reports about Flying saucers, and was naturally curious. He said, however, he was thankful there was not panic about the sighting. He said it was something he has never seen before.

Bayne's wife watched the object Monday night, and reported it moved erratically.

Gard, a chemistry and astronomy professor, set up a telescope at Orange County Community College Monday night, and after viewing objects, announced they were unidentified. He and other astronomers, however, did not announce they were making an official made no other comment except to say an investigation was being held.


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Flying Objects....
(Continued from page 1)

"I observed the object through bi-
noculars," Bayne said. "It was a disc-
shaped revolving object hovering above.
It was noticeable at night because of
its white, red, and white spinning
lights."

Bayne said the lights resembled the
spinning top light of a patrol car. He
said at one point the object seemed
to be at a 45 degree angle.

Watching the object in a sort of cir-
cular motion with his other neighbors
some children Bayne said the object
did not move at one point for about
20 minutes.

He said one of the neighbors called
the Stewart Air Force Base and within
a half-hour an aircraft approached and
appeared to be on a collision course
with the flying saucer object.

The plane, however, appeared to make
a pass at the object and then flew
away. When Bayne and his wife left
about 11 p.m. the object was still there
with the flying saucer object.

Bayne who served in the Air Force,
said he would discuss the object was
a star because it seemed to disappear
and then reappear. He said he didn't
think it was a reflection but obviously
a "solid mass."

Bayne was on the air Sunday planes in
the air Sunday afternoon, of the "fly-
ing Boxcar" type, which are heavy
aircraft, and wondered if they had any-
thing to do with the nighttime activity
of the flying objects -- or saucers, or
whatever it was.

Webster is a clerk and interested in the
reports about flying saucers, and was
naturally curious. He said, however,
he was "thankful" he was not in the
when he observed the object at length.
The object was unlike anything he had
seen before.

Bayne's wife watched the object
Monday night, and reported it moved
positions gradually.

Webster raised the question: "What
if they are vehicles with be-
ings?" Why have they not tried to
communicate?"

Dr. Walter P. Gard, a chemistry
professor at Orange County Community
College Monday night, and after view-
ing objects, announced they were stars.
Officials at Stewart Air Force Base
said they were unable to identify the
stars. An official made no other com-
ment except to say an investigation
is being held.


- page 11 -

