PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
26 August 65 27/0530

3. SOURCE
Military

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Three (one)

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual (Theodolite)

7. COURSE
East

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

2. LOCATION
Nebraska Area

10. CONCLUSION
A/C
One object, appearing as three lights, through a theodolite. Data
consistent with A/C evolution.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object were observed with the aid of a theodolite (equivalent
to a 10 power telescope). Object appeared to be twice the size
of a pinhead, appeared in the middle of the sky dipper and moved
on a course as twice fast. Then seen through the theodolite, object
became three white objects grouped together. Objects disappeared
in the East. No sun.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20330

000600
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO: AFSC (TD)

1. Reference AFR 200-2, as amended. The following described un-
identified flying objects are in addition to our report of
6 August 1965.

2. Description of Objects: The reported objects are plotted on the
attached maps which describe as follows:

a. Reported by civilian guard at Sioux Army Depot to Golf Launch
Control Facility, where Air Force personnel observed with binoculars.
The first sighting began at 2145 local time, and the second sighting,
as 2220 local time. The latter sighting consisted of two objects
moving approximately one mile apart. Objects were the size of the
North Star, pale yellow to white, and moving rapidly about 30 degrees
above the horizon. See plot number 1.

b. Reported from Mirage Launch Facility and observed by nine
military personnel. See plot number 2.

The first object was of an object the size of a star
which was used to the Southwestern sky, moved Westward, disappearing
in the SW horizon. Object was at 90,000 feet. Very fast, and reappeared
at four to five intervals on the same course.

(c) The second object was to the North of the observation
point. Object was at 100,000 feet altitude. The object was spherical
in shape, white as with aluminum paint. Remained a luminous
glow, white to yellowish in color, semi-circular in shape, and the last
was visible approximately 15 to 20 seconds. While in view, on four occasions,
there was a rotating jet-like shape at some distance behind. Notice
was submitted to Colonel Seaberg, OAD group.

c. Objects reported by three airmen of a Geodetic Survey Team, who
observed with the aid of a telescope (equivalent to a 40 power
telescope). See plot number 3.

(1) Object appeared to be over the size of a pinhead, appeared
to the NNE at 90 degrees elevation. When first sighted, three white objects grouped
as shown on plot.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

(24) Object again appeared in same location but on the next
five successive observations the object would change course and disappeared to
the East. At first, object would move with clouds, then be moved
Eastward the two hour writes disappeared and there were now six red,
green, and white lights in view.

d. Object sighted and observed through binoculars by Staff
Sergeant and two neighbors, at 1900 local time. Object, oblong, about
the size of a saucer, moved with an up and down motion, white in color
with a flashing light. Local weather balloon are launched at 10AM
and 10PM, so this object estimated as a weather balloon. Object
was also observed on 31 August and 1 September. See plot number 4.

e. Object was observed to the North of Cheyenne by group of eight
young civilians, whose hobby is stargazing with a 50/100 telescope.
Object appeared low on horizon, moving slowly Westward, disappearing
somewhat higher above horizon. There were three objects, size of a
dime, close together with red, white, and blue lights. See plot
number 4.

f. Object first spotted by personnel at Golf, who informed two
members of the 1st Radar Squadron at a nearby Launch Site. The
latter observed the object with a 10-mile radar and identified it as
Jupiter, due to observation of the six moons of that planet.

g. The sources of the data from 1st and Geodetic Survey
personnel, taken to be fairly reliable, are an Air Force Form 164
very accurate description of object and movements.

h. The weather is all clear with occasional clouds.

i. Report is complete by First Lt. Brown, Intelligence Staff
Officer, 1st Radar Squadron Detachment.

j. Attached are four plots showing locations of observers and directions of movement.

7. Request information as to whether this or the previous report may be
released to the public.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
WILLARD R. GILBERT, Colonel, USAF
Commander, 309th Comic Spt Gp

4 Atch
1 - 4 Maps

2


- page 3 -

The text I can see on this document is:

Alliance

62-19590

The image appears to be a map of what seems to be part of Nebraska, with various dotted lines, roads, and geographical features represented. There is a small inset box in the top right corner of the map as well.


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Wyoming

Nebraska

write dir or
cloud hunter

20 miles

near ft morgan

Some text appears to be partially illegible or too faint to read with complete certainty.

The document appears to be a map or diagram with various letters and symbols, including letters like N, T, R, Q, O, F, G, H, I, M, but I cannot confidently interpret their specific meaning from this image.


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Wyoming
Letters indicate missile
launch control sector

Cheyenne

Colorado

Nebraska

The list is showed
There will be
lights in this
formation

2 minutes - like a tree

Some text at the top of the page is illegible.

The document appears to be a map or diagram with letters and geographical locations marked, seemingly related to missile launch control sectors in the western United States.


- page 6 -

Text found in the document:

Wyoming --------- Nebraska

Letters indicate Missile
Launch Control Centers.

The document appears to be a map or diagram with various letters and a compass rose/north indicator. The text at the bottom explains that the letters represent Missile Launch Control Centers, spanning an area between Wyoming and Nebraska.


- page 7 -

