Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
9 May 1965 10/0330Z

2. LOCATION
Mequon, Wisconsin

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
90 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
North

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT
Light of 3d magnitude in flight to North along Eastern horizon. Possible a/c at distance at high altitude. No association with LASER tests. Visible characteristics of LIGHT bears tend to flash.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object in flight to North along Eastern horizon. Portion of flight obscured by clouds. No sound. 3d magnitude. No flight being carried by FAA in that sector.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Mrs. Huntsman/SAFOTCC/72842/2 Sep 65

SEP 7 1965

[Most of the text in the body of the document is illegible due to poor image quality and heavy black redaction. Only fragments of text can be partially made out.]

At the bottom of the document, there is a table with the following entries:
Coordinated By: [Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date]

Record of: SAFOI-2
Compts by - SAFOI-2
Rander cy - SAFOI-1
Activity cy - SAFOI-2
Stenberg


- page 2 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 9 May 65, Mequon, Wisconsin

TO: Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

A Mr [redacted], Mequon, Wisconsin, 
has requested an evaluation of his observation on 9 May 1965. 
The object consisted of light of about third magnitude, in flight along 
the eastern horizon. The following is a suggested reply:

a. Dear Mr [redacted]:

Since you say you are familiar with the scientific type 
laser, you will recognize that because of the coherent nature of 
laser light the beam is confined to a narrow angle and is not 
visible with the exception from places at which the beam is directly 
aimed. Furthermore, the second magnitude star Polaris has the 
brightness of a standard candle at one mile; laser lights are very 
much brighter than this.

In many instances the local FAA does not carry the flight 
plans for military aircraft in the area. Your sighting has the 
characteristics of an aircraft observation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE
Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology
and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

May 10, 1965

Dear Sir,

I am contacting the Air Force in regards to the following incident.

At 9:30 pm May 9, 1965 I observed an object traveling in a Northerly direction along the eastern horizon at an altitude of from 4000 ft. to 6500 ft.

The object was visible for about 90 seconds before it went out of sight, being obscured part of the time while moving through a stratus cloud formation. I tracked it visually with 7 power binoculars.

It was a clear night with the exception of sparcely scattered clouds. It was calm at this time, not even a slight breeze, temp. about 65 degrees. The object made no audible sound and it was about the brightness of a 3rd magnitude star.

I contacted the FAA today about this. They said there were no scheduled flights in that area at that time. The FAA did tell me the Air Force has been experimenting with some type of laser light used in the tail section of some jet aircraft and said this could have been what I was viewing.

Like possible I would some information on this "laser light".

I am generally familiar with scientific type laser. I know it has to do with the amplification of light beams with the use of radiation. I do not know if this is what the FAA was speaking of however. I would appreciate any information you can give me concerning the above described incident.

Thank you.

Mequon, Wisc., 53092


- page 4 -

Mequon, Wisc. 53092

Air Force Office of Special Investigation
229 W. Wisconsin Ave.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin


- page 5 -

August 2, 1965

Air Force Office of Information
Public Information Division
Washington D.C.

Sirs,

On May 10, 1965 I reported the sighting of a U.F.O. in the Milwaukee area of Wisconsin to the Air Force Office of Special Investigations.

I was later contacted and told that my letter of 10 May 65 would be forwarded to this office in Washington D.C.

It seems to me that nearly three months is ample time for a reply to my inquiry. I have heard nothing further and I am getting damn impatient.

I was told I may have been sighting a new experimental laser type light in the tail section of an Air force jet. I would imagine that you have received my original letter some time ago which will give you a fully explained account of my May 9 sighting, and I will therefore not go into more detail here.

I will be expecting to receive a reply promptly. I hope a reasonable one, within your limits of comment on such affairs.

Mr. [redacted]
[redacted] Avenue
Mequon, Wisconsin, 53092


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Mequon, Wisconsin
53092

This material is very important

Public Information Division
of the Secretary of the Air Force
Office of Information
Washington, D.C.

The top portion of the document contains text, but it is too blurry/illegible for me to confidently transcribe the full text. There is also a postmark stamp visible with a date of AUG 3 1965.


- page 7 -

