The image contains a Project 10073 Record document with information about a UFO sighting reported at FE Warren AFB, Wyoming on August 21, 1965. The document does not contain any photographs, only text.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 21 August 65 01/0202
2. LOCATION: FE Warren AFB, Wyoming 
3. SOURCE: Military
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: North
8. PHOTOS: XX No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: XX No
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Information on this is not clear. Reports from this area over the month have usually been attributed to astronautical objects.
Duration not reported. Information relayed to Duty Officer through Command Post and was called information missing.
Two ball shaped barrel and white objects with blue underneaths moving to the North, estimated at 5 miles distance 5,000 ft altitude, 5 military witnesses.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) report from Project Blue Book.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
10. The object appeared:
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
12. The size of the object were:
13. Did the object:

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book.

Transcribed text:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and compare the size of the object to the length of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture of the object and write down your best estimate of such things as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Hall shaped flame of light

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text in the form of a questionnaire about a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. Outdoors (areas)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. If the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? _______miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It shows a diagram and instructions related to observing and reporting unidentified flying objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

No response given.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone also with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
3 persons of an amateur star gazing group

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] First Name [REDACTED] Middle Name
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] Street [REDACTED] City [REDACTED] Zone [REDACTED] State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] AGE: [REDACTED] SEX: [REDACTED]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
My interest is only that of an amateur star gazer - no special experience.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
___ Day ___ Month ___ Year

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force technical information document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was the official program for investigating UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This document has been prepared to give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible on unidentified flying objects. Please try to answer as many questions as possible on the form. This information will be used to analyze any reported sightings of unidentified flying objects. Your cooperation is greatly appreciated. We request that this personal information be used for research purposes only, and no conclusions or publications without your permission.

1. When did you see the object? 6-16-65, 2 (circle one)
2. Time of day: 8:30 (circle one) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time zone: (circle one) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you and what were you doing when you saw the object? Over FE Warren AFB, Wyoming, Operator at missile site.
5. How long did the object remain in sight? (Total Duration) 4 minutes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Hazy b. Clear c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to you looked at the object? (circle one) a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you

The text provided in the document has been extracted and presented without any additional comments or interpretation.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form for the observer to fill out.

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Fewer b. Same c. More
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dim moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: ______

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharp or outlined d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and dart away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Change in size or shape? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match stick. If you find performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match stick?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as the color, surface texture, etc., and especially show any trails or vapor trails.
Half-shaped, round object with long cigare-shaped appendage.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in the image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or survey about a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3.22 miles approx s.east

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On an open porch/farm field
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other _0.56 mile s..of F.E. Warren AFB_

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country/field?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over a country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses NO
b. Sun glasses YES
c. Windshield NO
d. Window glass YES

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe, in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that includes instructions and questions for the viewer.

Text output:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the course line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a form used to collect information about UFO sightings.

Text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, MIDDLE NAME
ADDRESS: STREET, CITY, STATE
TELEPHONE NUMBER: (telephone number)
AGE: (age) SEX: (sex)
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Day: (day) Month: (month) Year: (year)

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a report form used to document UFO sightings.

The text in the image is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
21 August 65 01/00/202   FE Warren AFB, Wyoming
3. SOURCE 10. CONCLUSION
Civilian Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Three Witnesses 8 members of star-gazing group. Red, white and blue
objects. Ball shaped, dim and flickering. Disappeared while watching.
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION One in West, 2 North. Three objects.
38 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
Not Reported
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information regarding a reported unidentified aerial phenomenon.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
Information requested concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed: Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be valuable in our study and evaluation of the case. We request that if it is determined necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 8-27-65   2. Time of day: 2430  Hour  Minutes (Circle One): A.M.  or  P.M. 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One):  a. Eastern  b. Central  c. Mountain  d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 3 miles NE of Warren AFB, Wyoming
5. How long was the object in sight? (Time Duration) 5-10  Minutes  Seconds
6. Describe the object (include number of objects, size, shape, color, brightness, sound, etc.): Oval-shaped, white light, silent
6.1 How was the object illuminated? No
6.2 Was the object in tight formation with others? No
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you  b. To the right of you  c. To your left  d. To your rear  e. Overhead  f. Don't remember
REMARKS: Unusual object with steady, bright, oval-shaped white light, silent, remaining stationary, then accelerated rapidly to the west.

- page 14 -

