1. DATE - TIME GROUP
9 December 65 09/2152

2. LOCATION
Indiana, Ohio Penna, Michigan, Canada

3. SOURCE
Civilians (MULTIPLE)

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (METEOR)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
8 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Descending

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

FORM
FTD SEA 0-1028 (TRE)


- page 1 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD                10 December 1965

[Redacted text] from Washington D C called to find out information as to the sighting from Acme, Pennsylvania. Major told him that the sighting took place at 4:15 on 9 November in the afternoon. (2115 Zulu) Major told [redacted text] that a photographer in Michigan was able to take a picture. This photographer is from Royal Oaks. He also told the Dr that a search was made in attempt to recover the object. The search ended unsuccessfully at 0200.


- page 2 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD 10 December 1965

Mr Hagen from the Air Force Command Post called to find out if there is any additional information as to the sighting at Acme, Pennsylvania.

Major told him that we had no additional information. He said that, is probably a bolide or a meteor. Major told him about the substance which is probably chaff radar rolling material from La Pierre, Michigan.


- page 3 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD                  10 December 1965

We placed a call to Royal Oaks, Michigan to [redacted]

Major Quintanilla talked to Mrs. [redacted]. Mrs. [redacted] was driving down the highway when he saw a flash. He wasn't sure if he heard a sound.

He pulled over to the side of the highway and got out his camera and took a picture. At this time, he only has the negative. On the negative, there appears to be a cloud of smoke.. It is going in a certain direction. Mrs. [redacted] said that she would be very glad to send the negative or prints of the negative.


- page 4 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD    10 Dec 65

DAYTON DAILY NEWS,

Mr [redacted] wanted to know the latest news on the sighting seen on Acme,Pennsylvania location. Major Quintanilla told him that there were no local reports, only telephone calls. He told him that we just contacted Oakdale Radar Site and there was no additional information. Major told him that the highway patrol went out to the area, but found nothing.


- page 5 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD                10 December 1965

From the Flint Journal called, and wanted to know if there is any more information on the sighting seen in Pennsylvania, Michigan, Ohio, Indiana. In Flint, Michigan, was found some pieces of gold, flat substances with some discoloration. It was in rather large clumps (1" long and 1/15th " wide) Major asked him to send a piece addressed to Project Blue Book. He agreed to send it.


- page 6 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD                10 Dec 65

Call from Oakdale, Pennsylvania
Some people saw a glowing light.

There was also a report that there was a blue light, and there was an odor.
(Second call to Oakdale)

Et Cashman said that the search ended at about 0200. They searched with the
State Police. They could not find anything. They do not plan on going
out again. The news media, etc. stopped calling about 1 o'clock.


- page 7 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD                10 December 1965

Mrs White in Colonel Jack's office from the Pentagon called. She wanted to know the most recent number of UFO cases for 1965. We told her 719.


- page 8 -

Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol 13, #1, Mar 66

NE States & Part Canada
9 December 1965

On the afternoon of December 9th, a mysterious fireball made its way across seven northeastern states and part of Canada, and was sighted by airline pilots as well as by hundreds of other people. Strange metal strips were found in a swamp 40 miles north of Detroit, and a large wooded area about 30 miles from Pittsburg, Pa. was sealed off for several hours while a thorough search for debris was made by hundreds of members of the Army's 662nd Radar Squadron, state police, and volunteers. Nothing was found, however. Officials state that a meteorite was probably the cause of it all, but the times involved indicate that the object was traveling much too slow for a meteorite.

There is also evidence that it changed course in flight. (N.Y. Journal-American, 12/10/65; The Jersey City N. J. Journal, 12/10/55; Duluth, Minn. News-Tribune, 12/10/65; UPI; etc.)....


- page 9 -

Dec. 11 1965

Dear Major Quintanilla,

On December 9, shortly before 5 p.m., I was driving south on Inter-state 175 approximately the miles east of Pontiac, Michigan, and was aware of a flash in the sky, about 30 degrees above the horizon, directly south. The flash traveled to the coast on a course estimated at about 110 degrees and ended at about 25 degrees elevation. The duration of my observation was approximately one second. From the time it was first observed, it appeared to be diminishing in brightness and ended with a definite flash.


- page 10 -

of lights, I stopped my car
on the shoulder of the road
and made four photographs of
the smoke remaining with a
120 millimeter lens on four
by five inch film. The first
exposure was taken approximately
45 seconds after my first observation,
the second exposure 55 seconds,
the third at a minute and ten
seconds; and the fourth at a
minute and 30 seconds.
The photographs made were un-
retouched and unspotted from
the four by five inch negatives of


- page 11 -

THIS CASE INCLUDES

2 PHOTOS 8x10


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

which shouts 10 percent of
the negative was used.
Photographs are for your use
only. For any other publication
please contact me.

Yours very truly,
[Signature redacted]

c: RC 10
Dr. Hynek
Mich. water University
Spy and Telescope


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

TORONTO 15, CANADA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                :Dec 62 65

Gentlemen,

I have just returned from a convention in
Miami Beach and Tampa on Air Canada
Flight [blacked out]

Since I sighted this thing over your
country I suppose you are the people I should
report it to.

We approached 4:45 p.m. and at about 10 min
flying time south of the city of Pittsburgh when
we were at 18,000 ft. It was looking out the
window toward the sun when I saw it.

A sort of pencil shaped object flying
horizontal for a split second then going
into a 70° climb with an average of some
thin appearing behind it. In a matter of
just 3 or 4 seconds it was gone just
like a rocket taking off but this was
more severe - going down.


- page 14 -

Apparently, I was the only one on board that saw it. Someone when I wanted the stewardess to speak to the captain she told me that he had seen the same thing and was reporting it on the radio.

I was not drinking and have flown quite a bit as a passenger and am a former R.C.A.F. pilot from the last war. I have never seen anything like it before, especially the rapid change in direction and terrific speed.

I hope that this information may be of some use.

(Yours truly signature is blacked out)


- page 15 -

SAP-OICC/cassel/bev/79079/26 Oct 66                                                  20330

OCT 27 1966

Dear Dr.

Please excuse our delay in answering your letter reporting your unidentified flying object observation. A heavy backlog of correspondence and reports has precluded our answering all inquiries as promptly as we should like.

The object which you observed, south of Pittsburgh, on the evening of December 9, 1965, was definitely a brilliant "fireball". This same object was reported to the Air Force by numerous observers in Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, and Pennsylvania.

Your interest in our program is appreciated. Thank you for reporting your sighting to us.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Toronto 15, Canada

SAF-OICC
G9


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Sky and Telescope
Feb. 1966 p. 18

Great Lakes Fireball

LATE on the afternoon of December 9, 1965, a fireball that must have been brighter than the full moon scratched across the sky near the Great Lakes. Throughout the brilliant light period, which lasted about 20 minutes, the fireball was so bright that remained visible for at least 20 minutes.

The fireball's path through the atmosphere appears to have been steep, probably over the southern Michigan Peninsula for a few moments, then tracked westward near the seventh end of Lake Erie. A possible but not conclusive trajectory is not yet well known; it is not clear whether they fell on land or into water.

Two factors contribute to this uncertainty of the fireball's path through the atmosphere. Since the time was near sunset, there were no star fields against which to establish a good plot. Also, the large duration and short path length hampered attempts to fix its direction over ground.

The train of the December 9th fireball, approximately 45 seconds after it was first sighted by Richard S. Lewis, was photographed from Pontiac, Michigan. He had been driving south along M-24 in Pontiac when he saw a brilliant flash in the sky was a altitude of about 30 degrees. The fireball curved toward the east and at an elevation of 25 degrees. It lasted about one second. Although when first seen the fireball appeared to be a brilliant white light, it ended with a burst of light.

Standing on the shoulder of the road, Champion took this picture with a 4-by-5-inch Linhof camera and a 127-mm. lens. It is the first of a series of three pictures, others being taken at 55, 70, and 80 seconds after his first picture. In the last picture the train is strongly curved in the middle.

The train of the December 9th fireball (hard time). The duration of the meteor was about four seconds, and it was described as a brilliant light which took on a reddish hue at the end of its path. Color estimates indicate that it changed rapidly from white to orange.

"The brightness must have been on the order of magnitude -15 (or approximately full moon) or brighter," the fireball burst into one large and several smaller fragments before it disappeared.

"Several thunderous, resounding, and rumbling booms were heard in the Detroit area, 24 to five minutes later, depending on the location of the observer."

A seismograph at Willow Run Airport (about 25 miles southwest of Detroit) recorded the shock.

"One observer in Michigan had just finished taking summer pictures and had turned toward the southeast when the fireball appeared. He quickly took two color pictures of the train and cloud."

"Preparations are under way for Canadian scientists and myself to begin serious attempts to locate the region of possible meteorite fall."

By chance, G. W. Wetherill, a geophysicist and geology professor at the University of California at Los Angeles has already planned a business trip east. He started three days earlier, in order to interview people who had seen the fireball.

On December 12th I arrived at Cleveland, conversed at length, and drove over to talk to people at Elyria, Ohio. Later the day I visited the Federal Aviation Administration flight control center in Oberlin, Ohio, to see if they had any vital information. They did, and threw light on the first report by secret pilot reports.

The first report was received at 18:51, which was about 50 miles west of Peck, Michigan (some 55 miles northwest of Detroit).

[A map of the Great Lakes region is also included showing the path of the fireball]


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

GREAT LAKES FIREBALL
(Continued from page 79)

was much closer than it really was.
It disappeared behind a house or a tree
many people thought it had fallen only
a few hundred yards beyond.

"If the meteorite had fallen a few minutes later that day, it probably could have
been recovered from the much more favorable terrain farther west. The steep
trajectory with the short visibility of the
fireball indicate that it was extremely
trial matter rather than a returning space
craft."

William Werner, a regional director
for the American Meteor Society, submitted three sightings. One was by Howard Duel of Wooster, Ohio, who described the fireball as a "very bright, yellowish, like a rocket flame. Blue-gray smoke trail remained one minute, puff, five minutes."

Peter N. Millman of the National Research Council of Canada forwarded a
report from H. Needham at the London, Ontario, airport. He described the lingering train as seen most of the time again a clear western sky. It became twisted at off-white in color, ending as a "a thin horizontal cloud" visible for at least 20 mi utes.


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Detroit. The crew had sighted an object trailing smoke south of Detroit.

Within the next few minutes many other radio messages were received from airborne observers in Michigan, Ontario, and Ohio. Many pilots thought an airplane was down in Lake Erie. When all the bearings were plotted on a map, they intersected in an approximately 500-square-mile area between Toledo, Ohio, and Ryde Island (near map). This agreed with sightings from the Cleveland area.

"The next day I drove farther west to the region of Fremont, Sandusky, and Port Clinton, Ohio. Although these cities were nearer the end of the fireball's trajectory, very few people had noticed the phenomenon, probably because it was high in the sky rather than close to horizon. However, several reports placed the fireball to the north. One observer at Port Clinton—on the south shore of Lake Erie—also saw the fireball to the north, indicating quite clearly that no impact occurred south of the lake.

"I then telephoned police stations and local operators on all inhabited islands in the western end of Lake Erie. No big fireball had seen the fireball. No one had heard a detonation or sonic boom at that time. Several people were certain that it came from the west or northwest. This sonic boom had also been heard by many in Port Clinton, but not farther east.

"In view of the small population of these islands (Pelee Island: North, Middle, and South Pelee Islands; and Kelleys Island) and the few inhabitants who stay inside as much as possible in December, it is not surprising that there were no observers of the fireball.

"Calling Colchester, Ontario, on the opposite shore of the lake, I talked to Mrs. Margaret Lunkin, who with her daughter had been hanging clothes when the fireball appeared. About 50 seconds after the fireball's detonations, they heard loud detonations.

"I also talked by telephone to Richard Champine, who took the accompanying photograph. His name had been given to me by the FAA in Oberlin.

"It is clear that only one fireball occurred and that this became nonfluorescent a number of miles above the western end of Lake Erie. Several observers agreed that it burst into several pieces as the end of its trajectory.

"The fireball was observed by many people in Ontario, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and to a lesser extent in neighboring states. In newspaper accounts, a great many supposed impact sites were reported, both in southwestern Pennsylvania and eastern Ohio. Fragments were claimed to have fallen in Ohio and Michigan.

"These imagined happenings arose from the impossibility of estimating the distance of an object in the sky. Almost everyone who saw the fireball thought it

(Continued on page 52)


- page 19 -

PHOTOGRAPHS
(If not delivered please return to - text partially obscured)

Layer Cal Michigan
Do not fold

Project Blue Book
Wright Patterson A.F.B.
OHIO
#45433

Attn:
M.T.R. Quintanilla


- page 20 -

Time
1835

I received a call from Maj. Harkant, USAF, Command Post, advising me to be prepared for a possible UFO report. AF release 203 was the only report at this time. AFLC Command Post called and informed me that Maj. Lewis, District Air Defense Sector, WO 26161, Ex. 741, called them and reported some very unusual sightings. Reports came from Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, and Pennsylvania.

The time of sighting was delayed as 4:45 PM. Some reports stated that the object was orange and others stated it was white with a tail. To called Maj. Quintanilla for his advice and assistance. He came to the base and called Maj. Lewis. A further call was made to the Oakdale Radar Site in Penna. A three-man team has been dispatched to Rome, Pa. to investigate and pick up an object that started a fire.

A call was received from Hq. Michigan (home phone) reporting fragments of something. He works for a newspaper and was looking for more info. Then he was going. He was advised to send any fragments to Project Blue Book, WPAFB, Ohio.

Two calls have been received from newspaper people. Both have been referred to Washington, Secretary of the


- page 21 -

Air Force Information Office for further into No determination was relayed by me.

Maj Quintanilla called SPACETRACK and they know of two space junk entering the atmosphere today. This information has been relayed to Capt. Fowles, AF Command Post. The best estimate at this time is a meteorite may have entered the atmosphere.

Call received from Detroit radio wanting to swap information. They told me they had reports of three objects but they did not know where anything hit. I told them that I knew no more than they did but I'd be glad to have any info that he had.

[ NORAD OPERATOR, RED 85-2, EXT 6174 ]

Space Defense Center, PNTAFB, Colo called and asked for latest info on Oakdale search effort. I am to call them if I get any word. Maj Quintanilla is to call them during the duty day if he gets any word.

Maj. J.L. Bourassa, Chief Special Facilities Division, OEP, code Blue Hines, called and advised that his Chief had called him with this info. "My man has been given 3 paces of aluminum type material near Jasper, Mich. Area." He was trying to be wary of a hoax.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

9 December 65
Lapeer, Michigan
SAFBIC/Lt Col Freeman/bo/75526/19 Oct 66
(Chgf)

OCT 19 1966

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This is in reply to your letter of December 10 to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in which you requested information regarding the identity of the material which you enclosed.

The "fireball" which was spotted by Lapeer County residents was also observed by residents in Indiana, Ohio, southeastern Michigan and Pennsylvania. There is no connection between the fireball and the several which can travel in Lapeer County. The material which you submitted for analysis is chaff. This material is dropped by aircraft to confuse radar complexes when participating in interdiction exercises. Chaff can travel for many miles, depending on wind currents and wind velocities.

Your interest in the Air Force is appreciated and we sincerely regret the delay in answering your letter.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Lapeer, Michigan [redacted]

[Bottom of page contains administrative markings that are partially illegible]


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

2340

be informed of latest developments
As a result of the call from Mr.
I called Mr. to obtain a first hand
account of what he thinks he has. The three
pieces are to be brought to him in the morning
by Mr. . He asked if we minded if he
kept one piece to a special analysis in it. I
said go right ahead but send the other two.
The pieces were reported as not being charged;
however, the people finding these pieces said they
showered from the sky and are spread over a
wide area. Mr. said the sighting of the
fire ball was approximately 300 am north of Joliet,
Michigan.


- page 24 -

Fustall                  21158
                                   2-16-18

Rome, PA.
30 N.E. of Bards Hill

W. P. & Pittsburgh
                    (blacked out)           Oakdale, Pa.
Lt.

Film:                (blacked out)
        Royal order much
        5-888629

Grantg, Pa.
sound -

790 Lipsets in Bucks Creek


- page 25 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be extremely low quality and illegible. The document seems to be a scanned page with heavy noise, shadows, and poor contrast, making it impossible to discern any text or details. The page is mostly gray with darker gray areas on the left side and edges, but no readable text is visible.


- page 26 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be extremely low quality and blurry. While there is text present on the page, it is almost entirely illegible due to the poor scanning or copying quality. The left side of the page appears to have more dense text, but the individual characters cannot be distinguished. The rest of the page is a gray, grainy surface with no clear text visible.


- page 27 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDE/UFO

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: Hq USAF SAF/OIC (Mrs Hunt)

1. Mr Kenneth A Parks, Lapeer County Sheriff, has requested information regarding the identity of some material which was submitted to FTD. The following paragraph is provided to assist you with your reply.

2. The "fireball" which was spotted by Lapeer County residents was also observed by residents in Indiana, Ohio, Southeastern Michigan, and Pennsylvania. There is no confusion between the fireball and the material which was found in Lapeer County. The material submitted to FTD for analysis, by Sheriff Parks, is "chaff". This material is dropped by aircraft to confuse radar complexes when participating in interdiction exercises. "Chaff" can travel for many miles, depending on wind currents and wind velocities.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

2 Atchs
1. Lt Lapeer County Sheriff
2. Envelope containing chaff

[Stamp: DEC 28 1965]


- page 28 -

LAPEER COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE
KENNETH A. PARKS, SHERIFF
LAPEER + MICHIGAN
Phone MO 664-8565

December 10, 1965

Project Bluebook
F. P. D.
Wright, Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio.

Gentlemen:

On December 9, 1965 in Lapeer County several residents spotted a fireball in the sky, said that there was a streak of smoke and fire. Some claimed that they seen an object go down. In the area the enclosed was found.

Would you be able to identify this and advise any information that might be of help in this matter.

Thank you.

Very truly yours,
Kenneth A. Parks
Lapeer County Sheriff.


- page 29 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD                   10 December 1965

[Name] from Detroit, Michigan called in regards to the picture of the meteor which landed in Acme, Pennsylvania. He said that it was 105 degrees magnetic. It came down to about 25 degrees. The duration was instantaneous. It lasted less than 1/4 second. He left his number at work. He would be working until 5:30.


- page 30 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD                     10 December 1965

Major Howard from the Pentagon called. He wanted to find some information as to what he could release as a statement to the public concerning the meteor over Acme, Pennsylvania. Major told him that a team of men were sent out from the Oakdale Radar Site in Oakdale, Pennsylvania. They searched until 2 o'clock, and were unsuccessful in finding the object.

This thing was visual, was not picked up by radar. Major told Major Howard that reports came from northern Pennsylvania, Southern Michigan, Northern Ohio, and parts of Indiana. The team of men who were sent out to pick up the object worked along with the State Highway Patrol in trying to recover the object. He explained the Major Howard that the thing could be a meteor or a bolide. He explained that a bolide is a meteor with sound.

This thing could travel 24 miles per second. Major Quintanilla said that it was Ok to call it a meteor that entered the atmosphere. He said that investigation is still under way. There was no space debris which entered the atmosphere on 9 December 1965.


- page 31 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD       10 December 1965

The Information Officer from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, called to find out what he could about the meteor seen over Acme, Pennsylvania. We told him it would be wise to contact the Pentagon, and possibly get the same statement which the Pentagon is releasing to the public.


- page 32 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD    10 December 1965

Houston Space Center requested information as to the sighting near Acme, Pennsylvania. Major told him that 6th Air Force team along with the State Highway Patrol searched the area until 2 o'clock this morning.

Major gave him the location as 45-50 miles east of Pittsburgh.


- page 33 -

