The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter on an official Project Blue Book letterhead.

Text from the document:

FID (TDW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
5 January 1966

Rivergrove, Illinois

Dear Mr. [Redacted],

We are reviewing our unidentified flying object reports from November 1965. The report to O'Hare International Airport in Chicago has been forwarded to us. The information contained in this report is somewhat conflicting in that it states that the object was stationary and yet moved from east to west and was followed on extended visual observation.

In order to complete the attached Form 1612 and return them to our office at your convenience.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
GREGORY GILDENBERG, Jr., Major, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on Project Blue Book stationery.

Here is the text from the document:

Rivergrove, Illinois

Dear Mr. _____,

We are reviewing our unidentified flying object reports from our International Airport in Chicago has been forwarded to us. The information contained in this letter indicates that the object was stationary and yet moved from east to west and then followed an erratic flight path. It is stated that the object was circular and solid in appearance. If you can complete the attached Form 16a and return them to our office at your convenience.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document from the United States Air Force's Project Blue Book, which was an official program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

COMBAT READINESS TRAINING OPERATIONS 
28 TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP, MEDIUM (RESERVE)  
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
O'HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60606

SUBJECT: U.F.O.

A. Description of the object:
1. Would you please describe object's shape Flat long

2. Size as compared to a known object held in the hand at about arm's length. (Such as a pea, dime, nickel, baseball, etc.) Pea plate

3. Color White
4. Number One
5. Formation, if more than one None

6. Any discernible features or details Titles and moved East to West seemed to be following aircraft.

7. Was there a trail, trail or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object None

8. Was there any sound? If so, please describe the sound None

9. Other pertinent or unusual features None

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

B. Description of course of object.
1. What first called the attention of observer to the object. Her children did notice object in sky for three (3) days and then she decided to look, then called this in to Air Force here at O'Hare Int'l Apt.
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed. South 45 degrees angle.
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance. Did not have from 1st position.
4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object. Coming from east becoming larger then going West gets smaller back to same position.
5. How did the object disappear (Fade away or Instantaneously)? Did not disappear, remained in sky then sorry decidede to call in.
6. How long was the object visible? (Be specific, 5 min, one hour) 30 minutes.
C. Manner of observation.
1. How was object sighted. Ground-visual, air visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar) Ground visual.
2. Were any optical aids used. (Telescopes, binoculars) None.
3. Was this an airborne sighting? If so: N/A
A. Time A/C
B. Ident No
C. Altitude
D. Heading
E. Speed
F. Home Station
G. Telephone No

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Time and date of sighting: 1. Time full, 0245. Date: 3 Nov. 1965.
Location of Observer: 2715 Damsa St., Rivergrove, Ill. Near Niackey and Grand.
Coordinates: 87 degrees 19 min West, 41 degrees 55 min North.
Identifying Information on Observer: 1. Civilian Name (redacted). 2. Age did not obtain. 3. Mailing Address (redacted). 4. Occupation (redacted). 5. Reliability (redacted). 6. Telephone No. (redacted).
Military: N/A
Weather and Winds: 1. Observer's account of weather conditions: Clear. 2. Winds (from Weather Bureau): Surface 5,000 260°, 10,000 290°, 15,000 300°, 20,000 290°, 30,000 260°, 50,000 260°, 80,000 XXXX.
3. Ceiling: High thin overcast. 4. Visibility: Amount of cloud layer 1/2 mile. 5. Thunderstorm in area and quick shift in wind which stopped: None. 6. Vertical Temp Gradient: Not available.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a text-based questionnaire.

H. Did you notice any unusual activity or conditions, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting None

L. Did you take any photographs No

Do you know of any existence of physical evidence of materials None

INITIALS mm

I have no way of ascertaining just what this family was looking at. They do live in the general area of O'Hare International Airport, Chicago, Ill.

Aircraft Dispatcher

- page 6 -

