There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP 18 JAN 65 15/0302Z
2. LOCATION Lewisburg, Ohio
3. SOURCE Civilian
10. CONCLUSION AIRCRAFT
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE Toward
8. PHOTOS None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE NONE
FTD FORM SFP 14-0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

COMMENTS: No data presented to indicate that the observed object was identified or described or positively associated with this analysis. Telephone conversation with observer has failed to elicit any additional information. Record activity.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain any photographs, it is a document page from Project Blue Book containing a questionnaire about an unidentified aerial phenomenon sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have witnessed. Please try to answer all questions as accurately as possible. The information thus provided will be used for further study, but you will not be identified in any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that if is deemed necessary, you may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 18 May 1965
2. Time of day: 1020 (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Rural Route 1, Lewisburg, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Compared estimate of 4-5 minutes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: Bright NIGHT: Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): b. To your right

FTD OCT 63 164 This form supersedes FTD 184, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document. The page appears to be part of a questionnaire or survey regarding observations of objects in the night sky.

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Vapor-like
c. Flashing or blinking
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Sharply defined
b. Like a bright light
c. Fuzzy
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still or move slowly at any time?    Yes   No   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and move rapidly at any time?     Yes   No   Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?                     Yes   No   Don't know
d. Give off smoke?                                    Yes   No   Don't know
e. Change shape?                                      Yes   No   Don't know
f. Flash or flicker?                                   Yes   No   Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear?                             Yes   No   Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Very gradually faded.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes. IF you answered "Yes", it moved behind: a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): No.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Size: About the size of a car.
b. Color: Just light - Not yellow - not white - not definite color.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a matchstick at arm's length in line with a known object. If you had performed this test, how much of the matchstick would the object have covered? All covered.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your picture any of the other things mentioned in the text, such as size, direction, speed, etc. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Very gradually faded.
15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes. IF you answered "Yes", it moved behind: a cloud. 
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): No.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Size: About the size of a car.
b. Color: Just light - Not yellow - not white - not definite color.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a matchstick at arm's length in line with a known object. If you had performed this test, how much of the matchstick would the object have covered? All covered.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your picture any of the other things mentioned in the text, such as size, direction, speed, etc. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

This page from the old UFO report document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting, with various multiple-choice and short answer questions for the observer to fill out.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a. In the residential section b. In open country/outdoors
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle Yes or No for each) a. Eyeglasses, b. Binoculars, c. Telescope, d. Windshield, e. Window glass
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words what the object or objects which, when played up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.

The text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a. In the residential section b. In open country/outdoors c. In an airplane d. Over a city e. Flying over open country
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle Yes or No for each) a. Eyeglasses Yes No, b. Binoculars Yes No, c. Telescope Yes No, d. Windshield Yes No, e. Window glass Yes No 
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words what the object or objects which, when played up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.
This is about a 5-8 carlike one

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains a diagram with instructions and questions related to the observation of a UFO or unidentified aerial object. However, there is no photograph present on this particular page.

Text extracted from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are on the ground looking up. The object is high in the sky. Place a "B" on the sketch where you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place an "S" on the sketch where the object was when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion of the the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were moving.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribed text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location. 04/3/57 Cll 5/11/57

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes

31.2 Please list their names and addresses as reported. His (band) sister & brother-in-law

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
Last Name: Redacted
First Name: Redacted 
Street: Redacted
City: Lewisburg
AGE: 48 SEX: F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special training or experience which may be pertinent (optional): Husband works for state not affected

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? May 10, 1965 Major D. Ft. D.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

Narrative as related to the best of my ability:
My sister went out of the house and the next thing she saw was the UFO. It started downward suddenly, then continued moving swiftly. As it came nearer, it seemed quite brightly lit. As she continued looking at it, it disappeared suddenly. During the entire observation, a running noise was heard. It was a powerful, bright object, almost at treetop level, and traveling very fast. Just a few seconds after it disappeared, it was seen again, hovering over a field across the road. Then it disappeared again over the treetops. After that, she saw it no more. It was a very strange and unexplainable experience.

OCR output:
Narrative as related to the best of my ability:
My sister went out of the house and the next thing she saw was the UFO. It started downward suddenly, then continued moving swiftly. As it came nearer, it seemed quite brightly lit. As she continued looking at it, it disappeared suddenly. During the entire observation, a running noise was heard. It was a powerful, bright object, almost at treetop level, and traveling very fast. Just a few seconds after it disappeared, it was seen again, hovering over a field across the road. Then it disappeared again over the treetops. After that, she saw it no more. It was a very strange and unexplainable experience.

- page 8 -

The given image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old report or document.

M/Sgt. ON the morning of 19 MAY 65 Sgt David M. Moody talked to Mrs. Her observation on the night of 18 May 65. He was given the same were mentioned in the report given by the Duty Officer(Maj. James). 1 agreed that s/c were in the area, practicing refueling and other missions. agreed that this is what it could have been.

- page 9 -

