The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 8 October 65 0814/2
2. LOCATION: Manhattan, New York
10. CONCLUSION: A/0
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer was inside looking out the window when he observed the object. The object appeared to move in a straight line a little way, then it moved again in the window frame. The object appeared to be a reflection on the window or building. Moved in a straight line in either reflection on the building.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, possibly a UFO report, that includes handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 16 August 1965
Month Day Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I was walking along the Westside Highway about 9 pm on 6 August 1965. I saw a bright light in the sky which seemed to be moving quite rapidly. I first thought it was an airplane with its landing lights on, but then I noticed it was not blinking and seemed to be traveling in an irregular path, sometimes darting back and forth. I watched it for several minutes until it disappeared behind some buildings. The object appeared to be round and seemed larger than a star. It was much brighter than the surrounding stars in the sky. I was fascinated by the way it moved and I have never seen anything like it before. If this was some type of aircraft, it was unlike any I have ever seen before. I would be interested in any information you may have on similar sightings in this area.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document.

Department of Defense
Washington D.C.
Dear Sirs:

On Friday, the 8th of this month at about 6:15 P.M. over Manhattan, New York, I saw what appears to be a plane, blimp, etc. It was a fairly large, silvery craft and below the cloud cover. Could your department confirm the sighting. Could you also send me some information about past UFO sightings.

Thank you very much.
Respectfully,
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

Dear ___ _______: 

At tached is DTD Form 164 which is used for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects to the Air Force. In order for the Air Force to evaluate this report, it is essential that the information requested on the form should be provided as fully as possible and returned. 

Sincerely,

SARA HUNT
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 4 -

The image contains a questionnaire form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you provide will be treated confidentially and will not be used for any other purpose other than analysis, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
October , 1965
2. Time of day: 5:15 - 15 Hours
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Daylight Saving 3. Central 4. Mountain 5. Pacific 6. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Rosalyn Heights, L.I, New York
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 
7 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Estimated
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? 
Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright a. Bright
b. Cloudy b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Back of you c. To your right d. To your left

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire or survey form to be filled out by an observer of a UFO sighting.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. Don't know

11.1 Compared to some common object: ____Slightly brighter than a c is p lar _reflec ting ____

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Other _____

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush every so often? Yes No Don't know
c. Zigzag or dart here and there? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Pulsate or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and space for handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response] It went behind some buildings

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what 
[Handwritten response] It moved behind a building

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what  
[Handwritten response] It moved in front of a building

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound [Handwritten response] Noiseless
b. Color [Handwritten response] Metallic

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered?
[Handwritten response] 3 inch space

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially where the object was moving.
[Drawing of an object moving upwards, with arrow indicating the direction of motion.]

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in the document provided. The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report, containing a series of questions and responses related to the observer's experience with a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1200 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 9 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In the suburban section of a city? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? 35 mph 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sunglasses Yes No c. Camera Yes No d. Binoculars Yes No e. Telescope Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when pictured up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you are reporting.
It appeared to be an aluminum plate or saucer shaped object that was brilliant and metallic with a peaked or rounded dome shape in the middle. It was traveling at a very high speed and altitude and would reflect sunlight. It appeared to be round and disc-shaped.

- page 8 -

There is a photograph or diagram present in the image, which appears to be a compass with the cardinal directions labeled. The image also includes a sketch or diagram with instructions for sketching the motion of an object or objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and give an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with questions related to a UFO sighting.

Transcribing the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] 
AGE: 15
SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
To City Police

- page 10 -

