The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document containing information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE & TIME GROUP: 17 Aug US 65 18/0282
2. LOCATION: OTTAWA, Illinois
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: NW
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (METEO)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object at 10-15 deg elevation in horizontal flight parallel to the earth. Flight from SE to NW. Disappeared beyond trees. Brighter than the North Star. Total duration 15 seconds. Covered the width of a thumb at arm's length in 1 second. Looked like a big meteor except that it had horizontal flight instead of descending.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a letter response to a report of an unidentified aerial object observed on August 17, 1965.

The text contained in the document is as follows:

Dear Mr.
This is in reply to your report of an aerial object which you observed and were unable to identify on 17 August 1965.
The object which you observed has been evaluated as a satellite, not a satellite as you suggested. Satellites have been artificially placed into orbit on which observations are made and calculations are made on their rate of flight.
Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
Sincerely,
JOHN F. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 
REPLY TO 
ATTN OF: TDEV

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 17 Aug 65, Ottawa, Illinois

TO: Hq USAF SAFOTC (Mr (redacted))
Wash D C 20330

Reference the attached letter from (redacted) regarding observation of a UFO on 17 Aug 65. The time duration of 15 seconds is rather long, however, the object did traverse more than 50 degrees of sky, indicating that the observed characteristics were adequately determined. Also, all known satellites have orbital characteristics not similar to the observations.

FOR THE COMMANDER

(Redacted)
Lt Colonel, USAF
Deputy For Technology and Subsystems

"...The Nucleus of Security!"

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

August 12, 1965
Investigated 10:15 a.m.
Harding Highway
Ottawa, Illinois

From the 3 
Good Morning - I wish to report that I was observing an object in the sky this morning at approximately 10:15 a.m.

It was circular in shape, appeared to be metalic (sic) in color, and was traveling in a northerly direction.

ENS to USN as
observed a similar object some time ago. Thought this may be of interest to your department.

Thank you for your attention in this matter.
Sincerely,

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it appears to be a handwritten document or report.

9:28 p.m. on the 18th witnesses only at which time they watched a figure approach them, became frightened and ran away. The figure was described as approximately 6 ft. tall, grey in color, no distinct features, gave impression it was floating a few feet above the ground. No odor or sound was reported. Witnesses were 2 adult males, no names given. Investigation indicates no mechanical or natural explanation.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather handwritten text in an old document. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

This report was received from Ottawa, Illinois on 8-9-65.

10:45 P.M. - Witness sighted an unidentified object in the sky over Ottawa, Illinois. The object was described as round, glowing, and traveling at a high rate of speed. The witness claimed the object hovered for several minutes before accelerating and disappearing.

The document appears to be an excerpt from a Project Blue Book UFO report, detailing the sighting of an unidentified object over Ottawa, Illinois on August 9, 1965.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

to read going after for
the people do not know
going were going to land
to learn

- page 7 -

