PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
21 August 65

2. LOCATION
Malboro, Florida

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
N/A

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Photo

7. COURSE
N/A

8. PHOTOS
[X] Yes Returned to Owner
□ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Other (UNIDENTIFIED PHOTOS)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Photos of UFOB light submitted for evaluation. Objects not visible at hand. Mailed on prints. No copies forwarded to ATIC.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

PEEK PHOTOS (EMULSION FLAWS)                                   21 August 1965
                                                               Cape Kennedy, Florida

MEMO FOR THE RECORD: Photos by Malabra, Fla of Gemini 5 Launch (Aug 65)

Conversation with Sgt Moody and Lt Alexander of Patrick AFB, Fla phone area
code 305, 494-1110 ext 4131 or 7830 on 28 and 29 Sep 65.

They had received the films (two slides) from James Peek. They were film
defects. RCA Quality Control Personnel did analysis. Proved that it was defects
in the film. Went to their information officer, Colonel Coleman. The
photo analysis had been typed and given to Colonel Coleman. Colonel Coleman
had been out of town and had tried to get in touch with [redacted]. Colonel Coleman
does not have a telephone and messages must be left for him. Colonel Coleman
had left a message for [redacted] to come in to Patrick where he will give him
a letter describing the analysis. Patrick AFB had not made copies of the
pictures. The letter by Colonel Coleman was objective. Lt Alexander will
send us copies of the photo analysis and Colonel Coleman's letter to Mr Peek
along with a letter from Lt Alexander describing what the pictures were of.

13 Oct 65
[illegible line]
Called Lt. Alexander at Patrick Air Force Base and requested that he
send a copy of the PI report.

Note: GEMINI 5 LAUNCHED 21 August 1965

[Handwritten note: Source: Source News]

Mr Malabra, Florida, did submit his UFO film to the Air Force
for evaluation. The film was analyzed at Patrick Air Force Base, Florida. The
results of the analysis indicated that the objects depicted were defects in
the film. The film has been returned to him.

I checked around and found out about the radio show you were on in this
area. Radio station WMAL obtained a tape of the program (ADR, New
York) by contract and used it on 24 September 1965. It has been returned to
New York.

I am happy to be of assistance in providing you with this information.
SARA B. HUNT, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information, Pentagon, Washington, D.C.


- page 2 -

HEADQUARTERS
AIR FORCE EASTERN TEST RANGE
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
PATRICK AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA 32925

27 October 1965

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ETWE
SUBJECT: Defective Film Report

TO: FTD (TDEW/Sgt Moody)
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio 45433

1. Attached is a copy of the RCA report you requested.

2. The pictures were taken by Mr. [redacted] during the launch of Gemini 4 and supposedly contained 'UFO's'. As a result of the attached report, and a two hour interview between Lt Col W. T. Coleman and [redacted] further report will be prepared.

FOR THE COMMANDER

DANIEL B. WILLIAMS
Lt Colonel, USAF
Director, Evaluation
and Applications

1 Atch
Memo, Photographic Quality Control, RCA, 23 Sep 65, 1 repro cy


- page 3 -

INTERNAL CORRESPONDENCE
RCA MIAMI 2 TEST PROJECT, PATRICK AFB, FLORIDA
- MEMO -

Date: 23 September 1965

To: Lt. Alexander
Bldg. 575, Room 110

From: Bldg. 989
MU 260

Subject: STREAKS AND SPOTS ON KODACHROME II FILM

Several slides with streaks and spots were submitted for opinion of the source of these images. The writer submitted the identical slides to other picture direct analysis. All three independently arrived at the same conclusions.

All three spots on slide 6 originate from extraneous particles within the spot. In the case of the largest spot, the edges indicate a decided blistering action during processing. The effect in the other two spots is less pronounced but is obviously the basic problem, probably originating during the film manufacturing.

The streaks are from a spurious exposure. The case on slide 7 may have been from premature (or strain) on the emulsion. The streaks on slide 32 and 33, and possibly the case on slide 7, appear to be caused by scattering like an internal reflection in the camera. I have no doubt that this source could be found by careful perforation and the edge of the film.

The proper sequence for slides 7 and 8 can probably be verified by removing the film from the slides. Slide films are usually edge numbered and there are 7 or 8 between the perforation and the edge of the film.

H. A. Shardird
Photographic Quality Control
/mb


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

No Case, Information Only
Source: IR, Vol. 1, No. 4, Nov 65                                                   Opp. Kennedy, Florida
                                                                                    21 Sep 65

UFOs Photographed
at GT-5 Launch

LENSMAN GETS PHOTOGRAPHS
OF UFOs AT GEMINI LAUNCH
MALABARA.—The Gemini 5 flight
that took on their record-breaking
orbital mission was not without—
more not from earthlings.

According to James R. Peck, 47, of
Township Road, at least three, possibly four, unidentified flying objects were seen by him in the vicinity
of the Cape within seconds of lift-
off.

An he has pictures to prove it.
Peck, a senior engineering laboratory technician, optics expert, and experienced amateur photographer, was
out on his front lawn like thousands
of other Brevard residents that historic morning.

But in his case, he got there a few
seconds too late to see the actual
lift-off. He says he had his camera
all set to go with a few pictures of
launch, but having missed it, was
not going to take any photographs.
As he was about to return to his
house, he says he saw an object
traveling at very high speed moving
in a westerly direction in the vicinity
of the launch area.

Til looked like a silver of brilliant
light, Peck said, "something like
of the contrail left by the rocket."

Peck said:
"It made a sort of S-turn in and
around the contrail, became elliptical in shape as it turned, then changed into a clearly defined like
green object." He had his 35mm
camera fitted with a 35mm lens at
object and took a picture. The object
vanished towards the south.

Peck said he tried to take another
couple of shots of the object before
it vanished, but owning to the small
view afforded in his camera viewfinder, was not sure that he was suc-

cessful.

But when his color film returned
from the processor, he saw that he
had been more successful than he
thought.

His first shot shows a light green
blur across the transparent, but the
second shows not one object, but
three of them.

Peck said the brilliance of the objects was not due to reflected sunlight, but came from the objects
themselves.

[Handwritten note on image]: "I'll bet that this will really raise Hell down at SAC."

HOUFO

If you are interested in the scientific investigation of UFOs, the Interplanetary Intelligence of Unidentified Flying Objects, (HOUFO) is the organization for you. A membership free organization with 5,000 members located in the U.S. and 28 foreign countries. Formed by the Scientific Panel of scientists. The main purpose to add what information we can to help solve the UFO mystery.

The HOUFO is not trying to prove that UFOs are interplanetary space ships or a government project, only that something is there, and to get people to approach the subject with an open mind and to let them have a working knowledge of the information that is available.

25


- page 5 -

No Case, Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Dec 65

Cape Kennedy, Florida
31 Aug 65

MOTION PICTURE OF UFO IN FLORIDA: An article from the Orlando (Florida) Sentinel, dated September 21st, tells of a man named James R. Peak who photographed a UFO within seconds of the recent Gemini 5 take-off. Peak was watching the blast-off from his home not far from Cape Kennedy when he noticed an object traveling at very high speed, moving in a westerly direction in the vicinity of the launch area. He said it looked like a "sliver of brilliant green phosphorescent light," just east of the Gemini 5 rockets. Peak hastily aimed his 35mm camera, and took some color footage before the object vanished toward the south. Upon getting the film back from the processor, he saw that he had been more successful than he thought. The film shows not one but three brilliant objects in motion.

Saucer contactee Howard Menger, who also lives near Cape Kennedy, sent us this clipping. He writes that he went to interview Mr. Peak, but arrived a couple of hours too late, as the Air Force had already picked up the film. Peak expects to get his movie back from the Air Force, and will then notify us. See the letter at the top of Page 5 for more recent information about this case.


- page 6 -

