PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE • TIME GROUP
16 Jul 65 16/2030

2. LOCATION
Howell, Utah

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Three (on site)

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
25-30 Seconds each

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Non-Varied

8. PHOTOS
[X] No
□ Yes

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[X] No
□ Yes

10. CONCLUSION
Other (UFOE)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
(BLUE CARD FILE)

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Come on pineal make a sharp turn and left the way it came in.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No~   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No~   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 21 feet
b. Color: one silver - blue blueish green

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the hand of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of this sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Very small pattern

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The document includes two hand-drawn sketches: one appears to be a somewhat asymmetrical shape with a wider top and narrower bottom, and the other is a half-circle or dome-like shape.]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes √   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?   12-00

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes √   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   4 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor √
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside √
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What Direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses        Yes   No             e. Binoculars        Yes   No
b. Sun glasses       Yes   No             f. Telescope         Yes   No
c. Windshield        Yes   No             g. Theodolite        Yes   No
d. Window glass      Yes   No             h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

1. Shape will with 6 legs

2. Some cancer shaped objects


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 3
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
770

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Howell   Utah
TELEPHONE NUM [redacted]   AGE 53   SEX 14

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the [partially illegible]
19   7   65 [rest of entry partially obscured]

Page 6 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can extract from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    3   11   65
    Day  Month  Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The page is mostly blank, with only the form header and question text visible.


- page 7 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

Call to Howell, Utah, on December 16, 1965.

Mr. was on his way to work at 4:30 A.M. when he was three separate lights about 2,000 feet up. Mr. said it was about 40 to 45 degrees.

Mr. was traveling South and the wind was quiet. He was a light moving it hovered a few seconds over the plant where Mr. works and then left. Another light, just like it came over the plant, hovered, and then left. The third object came over the plant. It was much larger and looked like it had six legs. The whole sighting lasted for about 1½ minutes.


- page 8 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
THOIKOL DIVISION
AIR FORCE PLANT REPRESENTATIVE (OGDEN)
Air Force Contract Management Division (AFCS)
PO Box 524, NTS 250, Brigham City, Utah 84302

Reply to
Attn of: CMRET                                                     1 Nov 1965

Subject: UFO Report

To: AFID (T2RR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. In Orlando, Howell, Utah, recently received a letter from your office regarding completion of a report on unidentified flying object seen on 16 July.

2. This is more than willing to cooperate with your office. However, you did not enclose the necessary forms. Since this office does not stock such forms, we are forwarding his request for "Form 164" to your office.

[Signature]
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief


- page 9 -

FTD (TDEN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
3 Nov 55

Howell, Utah

Dear Mr.

Your report of an unidentified flying object to Hill Air Force Base, Utah, has been forwarded to our organization for evaluation. Efforts to contact you by telephone have been unsuccessful. It is requested that you complete the attached Form 164 and return it to our office at your earliest convenience.

Sincerely,

DOCTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 10 -

HEADQUARTERS
2849TH AIR BASE GROUP (OGAMA)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
HILL AIR FORCE BASE UTAH 84401

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: COBB                                                     27 JUL 1965

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object                     2849 AB Wg
                                                                  HILL AFB, UTAH 84401
TO:     AFSC (TID)                                                COBB
         Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
         UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
         OFFICIAL BUSINESS

The following information pertaining to a report of an Unidentified
Flying Object is furnished:

a. At 2250M hours, 19 July 1965, a report of a UFO sighting was
relayed to this office by Lt/Col Krancich, Tactical School, Hill AFB,
Utah. Col. Krancich had been advised on 19 July 1965 that an employee of the Thiokol Chemical Corporation, (last name redacted), Supervisor, had observed a UFO near Thiokol Plant, (last 3 digits of phone number redacted) on the morning of 16 July 1965. Colonel Hart also advised that to his knowledge, (name redacted) was the only witness to the sighting.

b. At 1800Z hours, 20 July 1965, (name redacted) was interviewed and
stated that at about 1925 hours, 16 July 1965, he was traveling south
on a farm road between Howell, Utah, and Thiokol Chemical Corporation,
Plant #78, when he observed a round object, approximately three inches in
diameter and blue in color, traveling north and coming almost directly
toward him. He stopped his vehicle and attempted to determine if he could
hear any noise; however, no sound was noticed. The object appeared to
travel at an estimated 100 yards or 200 until it approached the extreme
north perimeter of Thiokol Chemical Corporation, where it appeared to
hover directly over Plant #78 for about eight seconds. The object then
executed a 180° turn and at an extremely high rate of speed, traveled to
the south until it disappeared from sight, in about 10 seconds. (Name) was
advised that he just stood there and a few seconds later he observed the
same object, or one identical to it, again approach from the south and
executed identical maneuvers as the first. (Name) related that he would
stand for a few seconds, then observed an orange oblong object that
appeared to have a bluish top and nonproportionally protruding from the
landing gear) protruding from the bottom. This object appeared to be
approximately three times larger than the first one, and was traveling in
the same flight pattern (from south to north) at about the same speed
and altitude as the first two objects. (Name) further stated that he
estimated the altitude of all three objects was about 2000 feet.

Further stated that approximately two minutes elapsed from when he first observed until the last of three objects was observed. During the interview of the following information, as requested in paragraph 14, AFR 200-2, 20 July 1965, is submitted and is preceded by applicable paragraph numbers of subject regulation:


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

M(a)(1) Shape - Two (2) were round, saucer shaped. The third was oblong and appeared to have a bubble at one end and approximately six legs or landing gears protruding from the other.

M(a)(2) Size - Two (2) approximately the size of a baseball at about arms' length. The third was about three times larger than the first two.

M(a)(3) Color - First two objects were a brilliant blue, the third was a brown crackage.

M(a)(4) Number - Three.

M(a)(5) Formation - Objects were observed in sequence.

M(a)(6) Discernible Features - The third object was traveling in a vertical position.

M(a)(7) Tail, Trail or Exhaust - None was observed.

M(a)(8) Sound - None heard.

M(a)(9) Other Pertinent Features - None.

M(b)(1) What called attention to object - Observer was traveling south and noticed object approaching him from a distance.

M(b)(2) Angle, elevation and azimuth - Objects were first observed south of Thiokol Chemical Corporation flying almost true north. When first seen, the observer was looking upward on about a 25 or 30° angle. When the objects appeared to be hovering over Plant #78, (nearest point to observer) he was looking up at about a 45° angle.

M(b)(3) Angle, elevation and azimuth of objects upon disappearance - The objects seemed to disappear traveling true south at the same location they were first observed. Again the observer was looking up at about a 25 or 30° angle.

M(b)(4) Flight Path and Maneuvers - The objects were first seen south of the observer, flying north. Upon arriving almost directly over Plant #78, they appeared to hover for approximately eight seconds, then they executed a 180° turn and proceeded south until they disappeared from sight.

M(b)(5) How did objects disappear - The objects faded from sight in the distance.

M(b)(6) How long were objects visible - Each of the three objects were visible for approximately 25 to 30 seconds.

2


- page 12 -

14a(1) Manner of Observation - Ground, visual.

14a(2) Optical Aids - None.

14a(3) N/A.

14a(1) Time and Date of Sighting - Between 1037M and 1045M hours,
16 July 1965.

14a(2) Light Conditions - Early dawn.

14a. Location of Observer - Approximately three miles north of
northwest corner of Thiokol Chemical Corporation, Plant #78.

14a(1) Identifying information on observer - [redacted], occupation,
[redacted], supervisor for Thiokol, also owns and operates a
[redacted] farm. [redacted] to be an emotionally stable person and is considered
reliable by personnel at Thiokol Chemical Corporation.

14g(1) Observer's account of weather conditions at time of sighting -
Fairly clear and calm with few scattered clouds.

14g(2) Weather and Winds - Hill Air Force Base Weather Station
furnished weather data as follows: Wind at surface - 110° at 7 knots,
5,000 feet - 180° at 5 knots, 10,000 East - 250° calm, 15,000 East -
260° at 10 knots, 20,000 East - 210° at 10 knots, 30,000 feet - 280°
at 35 knots, 50,000 feet - 280° at 20 knots.

14g(3) Ceiling - 10,000 scattered, est 12,000 overcast.

14g(4) Visibility - 30 statutes miles.

14g(5) Amount of cloud cover - 10/10.

14g(6) Thunderstorms in Area - None.

14g(7) Temperature - 69° F, Dew Point 45°.

14a. Unusual activity or condition - None.

14. Interception or identification action taken - None.

14a. Air traffic and balloon releases - Hill Air Force Base and
Salt Lake Airport advised that no aircraft were in the area.

14b. The reporting officer is an Investigator, CG-7, Security and
Law Enforcement Division, Hill Air Force Base, Utah. Preliminary analysis

3


- page 13 -

indicates the observer is a logical and mature person. He is convinced the objects were not conventional type aircraft or weather balloons. He consistently described the flight path and maneuvers of the objects and also the shape of objects. The observer was the only reported witness to this sighting. No leads or clues were developed that would lead to the identity of the objects. With the submission of this report, it is believed that local efforts to identify the objects have been exhausted.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WILLIAM H. DERRINGTON
Major, USAF
Chief, Security & Law Enforcement Div


- page 14 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
16     7     65
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:        3       25
                    Hour    Minutes

(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted Personal Address]   Howell     Utah
                City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                Hours   3   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain        c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Manually

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                           NIGHT   Dawn
a. Bright                     a. Bright
b. Cloudy                     b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTC FORM       This form supersedes FTC 164, JUL 64, which is obsolete.
OCT 59 164


- page 15 -

