The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a collection of historical UFO reports from the United States Air Force.

The text found in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 September 1965, Civilian
2. LOCATION: Burlington, Massachusetts
3. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 30 minutes
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
5. WEATHER CONDITIONS: Westerly, no clouds
6. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Light observed for about 30 minutes. Motion to slightly possibly dependent upon position of observer. Light reported in front of a cloud inconsistent with any known light source. Subject of much interest in UFO's and has corresponded with project on this subject. Report of balloons.
10. CONCLUSION:
Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
Correspondence indicates sighting of 13 or more lights on more than one occasion.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing handwritten text.

Gentlemen:
I am very interested in U.F.O. sighting's own State. There have been sightings in my own Town, and my friend has seen them too. How would be very interesting if you would send me information on the U.F.O.'s. Also I would like to know how many States they have been seen in. I have read on this subject and find them very interesting.
I read an article in my home Town paper which is Titled "Chasing Flying Saucers" By George Fawcett. There is information there, but not as much as I would like. Please send me any thing you have on this Subject as I would like to know more about them. Thank you.
Yours truly

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. There is no photograph visible in this image, only text.

United States Department of the Air Force 
Pentagon Building
Washington, D.C.

NCLASSIFIED
20 IT OF AVV 20

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a standardized questionnaire form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
Information on this questionnaire has been prepared to give the U.S. Air Force certain details concerning a possible unidentified aerial phenomenon. The information you have provided will be used for research and analysis purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any information provided. This questionnaire is prepared for further research.

1. When did you see the object?
May, Month 7 	1965 Year

2. Time of day:
7 Hour 	A.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)
1. Eastern
2. Central
3. Mountain
4. Pacific
5. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address:	Burlington, Massachusetts  

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
30 Minutes

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Yes, Was timed in light continuously

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: Partly Cloudy
NIGHT: Partly Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One)
A. In front of you
B. To your right
C. To your left
D. Behind you

FTD 6CT 53 154	This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 43, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this document. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of a UFO object, including questions about the stars, moon, weather conditions, the appearance of the object, and its behavior. 

Transcribing the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
   8.1 STARS (Circle One):
       a. None
       b. A few
       c. Many
       d. Don't remember

   8.2 MOON (Circle One):
       a. Bright moonlight
       b. Dull moonlight
       c. No moonlight - pitch dark
       d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
   CLOUDS (Circle One):
       a. Clear
       b. Hazy
       c. Partly cloudy
       d. Totally overcast, heavy clouds
   WEATHER (Circle One):
       a. Calm
       b. Fog, mist, or light rain
       c. Moderate or heavy rain
       d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
       a. Still
       b. As a light
       c. Changing in shape
       d. Vapor
       e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
       a. Brighter
       b. Dimmer
       c. About the same
       d. Don't know
   11.1 Compared brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
       a. Fuzzy, blurred
       b. Clearly outlined
       c. Sharpely outlined
       d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
       a. Stand still at all times?           Yes   No   Don't know
       b. Suddenly speed up and rush away?    Yes   No   Don't know
       c. Break up into parts or explode?     Yes   No   Don't know
       d. Change brightness?                 Yes   No   Don't know
       e. Change shape?                      Yes   No   Don't know
       f. Disappear and reappear?            Yes   No   Don't know

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes. [moved] behind clouds.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes. It moved [in front of] a cloud. 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known size of the object. If you had performed this sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your picture any of the details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails. Please use caution to show the direction the object was moving.

[A crude sketch has been provided showing a star-like shape with some lines.]

NORTH

The text in the document has been transcribed as requested.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
22. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? __________
23. Where were you located when you sighted the object? a. Building b. In a car c. In an airplane (type) d. At home e. Other: __________
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you see or hear the object while you were looking at the object? Yes No
25. Did you see the object through any of the following: a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Telescope Yes No d. Binoculars Yes No e. Windshield Yes No f. Window glass Yes No g. Other___________ Yes No
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the appearance of the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

Careful observation COVER DIRECTION

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. It contains a sketch of a diagram showing instructions for observers to describe a UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

Transcribed text:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the sketch to show the position of the object when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the sketch to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "C" on the sketch to show where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If se give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Barrington Gardner FIRST NAME: Barrington
ADDRESS: Braintree, Mass. ZONE 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: redacted AGE: 15 SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences which might have a bearing on the sighting.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? On 3-25 - 65 Month DAY YEAR

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a blank space where a photograph or image would normally be placed.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
-   ___ Day ___ Month ___ Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questions on this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on what appears to be a document page. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output the text found in the document:

Dear Satterthwaite:

I am writing you this time in an effort to find out if you have any information in regard to an incident which occurred in this area on 25 April 1965. I was notified by phone on 29 April 1965 AFR 200-2 SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTING that there had been a sighting in this area that evening and the case had been reported to the United States Air Force. I would appreciate any information you may be able to furnish me regarding this incident.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old government document, specifically a letter from the Department of the Air Force dated 3 February 1965.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY
3 February 1965

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Attached is the report requested on Project Blue Book/unidentified aerial phenomena. 

Sincerely,

MASON H. JACKS
Major, USAF
Office of Information

1 Atch
Report

Mr. [redacted]
Burlington, Massachusetts

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only an address handwritten on a piece of paper.

SAFOI
Pentagon
Dept. of Air Force
Washington, D. C.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, and contains handwritten text.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image, the output is:

Burlington, Mass.
7 May 1965
Aviation Division
Washington, D.C.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Dear Mrs. Hathaway,

In my search of your report I find nothing to substantiate the possible existence of intrusion in my account, and this must only be considered a clerical or transcribing error. Everything I have told you and anyone has been the complete truth and nothing more. I request that you retract any statements I have made which may possibly have implied an intrusion or any untruthfulness on my part. I am proud of my record and must insist on the highest integrity in any public reports concerning me.

I should be most appreciate{sic} if you would take the necessary steps to correct the records in this respect.

Yours truly,

[Redacted]

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

November 19, 1963

Dear Mr. and Mrs. [Redacted],

This is in reply to your letter of November 8, 1963, in which you inquire concerning a sighting by your neighbors on October 19, 1963.

The report of this incident has been reviewed, but as indicated, the unidentified flying objects seen number more than 8,000 and they have been observed at various locations all over the country. Positive identification has not been made in most cases because not enough information is available to determine what they are.

The two reports you mention were given by the Air Force to the University of Colorado for study. This was done because the Office of Aerospace Reports can no longer handle the volume of reports received from the public. The University is making an evaluation of selected reports for the Air Force as part of their contract, and they will report their findings. In the meantime, the files on record in this office are available for your public information.

HARTON M. JACKS
Public Information Officer
Office of Information Services

Burlington, Massachusetts

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text visible on the page includes "The motion Burlington 25 00".

Transcribing the text from the image:

The motion 
Burlington 25 00

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

Dear Mr Harmon,

I am intersted in usos as you are aware. Because all the people are afraid and are very much interested in the matter. And what are some of the records that were made about it. And call you on this matter with regards to please send me any information that you can give me about this. Because it seemed as they are very important to the human race. And no one has give to reveal them to me and they are very anxious to receive some information from you. Please be kind an if you can give me any information I will be very greatful.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photograph, but rather a handwritten text that appears to be an official document. The text reads "THE PENTAGON Washington D.C." and seems to be part of a larger report or document.

THE PENTAGON 
Washington D.C.
SECRECY-SECRECY
RESEARCH AGENCY
RESTRICTED INFORMATTOK
NOT TO BE RELEASED
FOR ANY PURPOSE

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Dear Gentlemen:
THE U.F.O. really are. And just about many P.F.O. that the Pentagon has any way they come from. They come from a planet. How could the one who rate them never rate from here and think someone from earth made them and how can they get this way. And how can they get this way. Through the clouds of gas and they look so much like some of ours though. U.F.O.s as possible.
Sincere1y

- page 20 -

