PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 2 - 3 September 1965

2. LOCATION: Exeter, New Hampshire

3. SOURCE: Civilians (MULTIPLE)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Multiple

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 Hour Period

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: Varied, Stationary

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: UNIDENTIFIED

Brief Summary and Analysis: SEE CASE FILE

There were sightings in the area of the sighting between 02/0442 and 02/0556 on multiple nights.


- page 1 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Atty Roger Folsom
August Patterson, RR
Dayton, Ohio

There is also a postmark and a postage stamp visible in the image.


- page 2 -

k. Major David H. Griffin, Base Disaster Control Officer, Command Pilot.

(1) At this time have been unable to arrive at a probable cause of this sighting. The three observers seem to be stable reliable persons, especially the two patrolman. I viewed the area of the sighting and found nothing in the area that could be the probable cause. Pease AFB had 5 B-47 aircraft flying in the area during this period but do not believe they had any connection with this sighting.

1. None.

FOR THE COMMANDER

4 Atch
1. Statement, UFO Sighting, Eugene F. Bertrand, Jr.
2. Statement, UFO Sighting, David R. Hunt
3. Statement, UFO Sighting,
4. SKEW T, Log B/A/R


- page 3 -

(2) Civilian. Eugene F Bertrand Jr. Age. 30. Exeter Police Department, Exeter N.H. Patrolman. Reliable.

(3) Civilian. David R Hunt. Age. 28. Exeter Police Department, Exeter N.H. Patrolman. Reliable.

g. Weather and Winds.
(1) The weather was clear with no known weather phenomenon. There was a 5 degree inversion from surface to 5000 ft.

(2) Winds at Pease AFB, N.H.

ALTITUDE       WINDS
Surface        290/03
6000           310/03
10000          270/77
16000          270/56
30000          260/49
50000          250/33
80000          Not Rec.

(3) Clear (unlimited).
(4) 30 N.M.
(5) None.
(6) None.
(7) See SKEW T. Log P diagram.

h. None
i. None
j. None

3


- page 4 -

(4) The object was erratic in movement and would disappear behind trees and houses in the area. It would then appear at a position other than where it disappeared. When in view it would act as a floating leaf.

(5) Object departed on a heading of 160 degrees and was observed until it disappeared in the distance.

(6) One hour.

c. Manner of Observation.
(1) Ground - visual.
(2) None.
(3) N/A.

d. Time and Date of Sighting.
(1) 03/09/6002
(2) Night

e. Location of Observer.
(1) 3 N.W. South West of Exeter, N.H.

f. Identifying Information on Observer.
(1) Civilian. [Age and other details are redacted]
Exeter N.H. Unemployed (will join Navy on 18 Sept 55). Appears to be reliable.

2 [page number at bottom]


- page 5 -

HEADQUARTERS
817th COMBAT SUPPORT GROUP (SAC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Pease Air Force Base, New Hampshire 03803

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: BDO

SUBJECT: Initial Report of Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)                   15 SEP 1965

TO: AFCS (FTD)

The following report of an unidentified flying object is hereby
submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2.

a. Description of object.
    (1) Round.
    (2) Baseball.
    (3) Bright red.
    (4) Five red lights in a row.
    (5) Lights were close together and moved as one object.
    (6) None
    (7) None
    (8) None
    (9) Extremely bright red.

b. Description of course of object.
    (1) Visual sighting.
    (2) Object was at an altitude of approximately 100 ft and
        moved in an arc of 135 degrees.
    (3) Object disappeared at an altitude of approximately 100 ft
        on a heading of approximately 160 degrees.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Can you take care of this?

Distance
40-3
71222-5121


- page 7 -

Do you cooperate a speakers' bureau or would you be able to suggest
where a might obtain a knowledgeable Air Force spokesman who could
explain the Air Force UFO program and what happens to reports sent
to your organization. If speaker from your organization can
be made available, it might be possible for us to arrange transportation
via a Pease-based C-47. Bulletin poses no problem.

Your assistance is greatly appreciated.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ALAN B. BRANDT, 1st Lt, USAF
Director of Information


- page 8 -

HEADQUARTERS
817th AIR DIVISION (SAC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
Pease Air Force Base, New Hampshire 03803

15 OCT 1966

MEMORANDUM FOR: Directorate of Information

SUBJECT: Request for Information Concerning Speakers

TO: Information Officer
Foreign Technology Division, AFSC
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. There have been an unusually high number of reported sightings of unidentified flying objects in the Pease AFB, N.H. area which have been the subject of much discussion and numerous newspaper, radio and television reports. Many of these sightings have been reported to this base, and your records will show that we have performed thorough investigations of them. Other reports which we have learned of second hand have been made to local police departments, and, in a few cases, to several news media. Several members of this community have been called to view UFO's, by sincere and sober citizens, but so far we have always been too late. Naturally, the most interesting sighting occurred in the nearby town of Exeter, aroused special interest in the press, and the object at rest (perhaps) in reference to the Saturday Review of Literature in the current issue.

2. This office has, of course, not commented on sightings reported from the press. Many from our point of view have been investigated, but the reports will be sent to your organization. We suggest that the Public Information Office that handles news releases contact the Air Force, etc. The fact that we cannot comment fully on the investigation has led to some misunderstanding. I have a feeling that in some areas... the Air Force won't release the truth, because to do so would reveal sources of intelligence. I have attempted to counter this by explaining the USAF's interest in this matter.

3. Many members of the two nearby military sites committees and local citizens from surrounding towns and cities have inquired concerning the possibility of an Air Force speaker on this subject.


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The sighting was made on a morning of 23 September 1965. Initial investigation was made by investigating team from the New England area. Information received in the initial report regarding description of the object and newspaper coverage was not sufficient for a firm evaluation of the sighting. The general description of fleeting lights is consistent with previous reports of aircraft refueling operations or low level photographic missions using infrared lights. On 23 September an investigation attempting to place a specific aircraft of these types over Exeter was made. Results of this investigation indicated that the Air Force operation "Big Slats" was conducted in the New England area and that aircraft from Pease AFB were also involved in the operation. Letters were written to civilian personnel and to Lt. Col. Matheson AFR, to apply additional information.

The only report available is an article from the Saturday Review and Look Magazine authored by John G. This article is essentially factual. However, it is more of a special license war correspondent type article. The only report in Agee for evaluation is a statement made by the police officers who were on the scene. These were some of the first witnesses to the aircraft.


- page 10 -

To Case, Information Only
Source: Saucer News, Vol. 12, No. 4
Dec 65

Exeter, New Hampshire
3 Sep 65

CLOSE SIGHTING BY POLICE AND OTHERS IN NEW HAMPSHIRE: Among several extraordinary saucer sightings in New Hampshire in early September, is one that occurred on the 3rd, witnessed by a man named Norman Muscarello from the town of Exeter. Muscarello arrived at midnight at the local police station with a hair-raising story of having been chased by a flying object as he was hitchhiking along a nearby highway. He told the desk officer that as he was walking along the road, a large brilliant object as low as 100 feet began making passes at an adjacent field. He crouched in a ditch while the UFO, which was so brilliantly red, made close passes as if it were trying to land. Shortly thereafter the object disappeared as quickly as it had appeared.

Patrolman Bertrand of the Exeter police station returned with Muscarello to the scene. In most such cases, the story concludes with the policeman having seen nothing to corroborate the original story. The ending of this case is quite different. However, Officer Bertrand suggested that they walk into the UFO field and see what they could find. There they were joined by another policeman who had driven separately to the scene. Suddenly the officer named David Hunt, who had been traveling in the black of the night, a huge blinding light, began to see a stand of trees in a slightly frozen side glow of light appeared. It traveled slowly and was slightly from side to side. The group was stunned by the blinding red light as the UFO moved toward them across the field. Bertrand made a move toward the police cruisers.

When questioned on the size of the object, Officer Bertrand estimated it to be "about the size of a house." He said that there was a complete absence to be seen in the field of a normal animal life and sound, except for the noise from a nearby farm, where the horses were making a tremendous commotion and kicking at the walls of their stalls, according to the witnesses.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

"WE SAT THERE AND LOOKED at it for at least 10 minutes. My brain kept telling me that this doesn't happen—but it was, right in front of my eyes.

"There was no tail, no wings, and again, no SOUND. It hovered there, still about 100 feet away, sort of floated and wobbled. I don't know what it was. All I can say is that three of us saw it together."

Newspaper people and town officials vouch for the reliability of the two policemen. Lt. Cottrell, their superior, said if the two policemen he'd put them in a locked room and give 'em blocks to play with like a "blotter."

But "we were story is no blotter." said the lieutenant. "If I had seen that thing and I alone, no body else would have ever heard about it."


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

December 28, 1965

Hector Quintanilla, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
Wright Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

Since we have not heard from you since our letter to you of December 2, we are writing this to request some kind of answer, since we are still upset about what happened after the Pentagon released its news saying that we have just seen stars or planets, or high altitude air exercises.

As we mentioned in our letter to you, it could not have been the operation "Big Blast" you mention, since the time of our sighting was nearly an hour after that exercise, and it may not even have been the same date, since you refer to our sighting as September 2. Our sighting was on September 3. In addition, as we mentioned, we are both familiar with all the B-47's and B-52's and helicopter and jet fighters which are common over this place all the time. On top of that Ptl. Bertrand had four years of refueler experience in the Air Force.

We did not give aircraft of all kinds. It is important to remember that this craft we saw was not more than 100 feet in the air, and it was absolutely silent, with no rush of air from jets or chopper blades whatever. And it did not give any wings or tail. If it up the entire field, and two nearby houses turned completely red. It stopped, hovered, and turned on a dime.

What bothers us the most is that many people are thinking this was very either lying or not intelligent enough to tell the difference between what we saw and something ordinary. These other people may think we saw China, September 3, and two of them appeared to be in shock from it. This was absolutely not a case of mistaken identity.

We both feel that it's very important for our jobs and our reputations to get some kind of letter from you to say that the story which the Pentagon put out was not true; it could not possibly be, because we were the people who saw this, not the Pentagon.

Can you please let us hear from you as soon as possible.

Sincerely,
[Signatures of Patrolman Eugene Bertrand and Patrolman David Hunt]
Exeter Police
Exeter, New Hampshire


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Mabley's Report:
Do We Have
Visitors from
Outer Space?

BY JACK MABLEY

WILLARD LIBBY, Nobel prize winner, former University of Chicago professor, now at the University of California at Los Angeles, states in the September Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists that life "in all probability occurs widely in other stellar systems."

He suggests life on other planets may be millions of years more advanced than that on Earth. Later I want to do a whole column on Dr. Libby's lucid explanation of man's place in the physical universe.

The reference to Dr. Libby today is to lend some weight to the idea that there is life out there, and with a multiplying jump in our knowledge of intelligence, they just might be visiting us. We are a trying source to Mars.

Northwestern's Dr. Allen J. Hynek, air force consultant on unidentified flying objects, says people like to see things till to Dr. Hynek, one step further. People like to believe things, I find it fascinating to believe there probably are space ships flying close to earth.

EARLY IN SEPTEMBER, an unidentified flying object was reported at Exeter, N. H. John Fuller, a columnist in The Saturday Review, was curious to follow up the report. He pieced together this story:

Policeman Eugene Bertrand, on routine patrol shortly after midnight Sept. 3, pulled up beside a parked car on Route 101 and found two women visibly disturbed.

They said an airborne object, bright red and flashing, trailed them for nearly 12 miles. Bertrand, a Korean war veteran, was skeptical. He made a routine radio report, and continued his patrol.

At 2 a. m. Norman Muscarello, 18, ran into the Exeter police station in near hysteria. He said he was hitchhiking home, looked up, and saw similar object approaching him with a yawing, tilting motion. The object lighted the entire area. He threw himself against a stone wall, then ran to a farmhouse when the object sailed out of sight. After the incident, he told his story, the desk sergeant radioed Officer Bertrand and asked him to take Norman Muscarello back to the spot.

OFFICER BERTRAND SAYS: "I was sure these women and this kid had seen a helicopter, or something like that. But we went out to the spot, and I looked up. It was a clear night. No wind. No fog. We walked about 100 yards out on the field, near a barn where a lot of horses were kept. Then the kid yelled, 'There it is!'

"He was right. It was coming up over a row of trees. There was no noise at all. It was about 100 feet away from us. I could see five bright red lights in a straight row. They dimmed from right to left, and then from left to right—just like an advertising sign does.

"It lit up everything around us. But it was silent. The horses started kicking and making an awful fuss, and the kid was scared stiff.

"The kid drew in his tracks, and I grabbed him and held him. Then we both saw it. I watched for several minutes, and then thought more of it. Then Officer David Hunt ar-


- page 14 -

OF DEFENSE

log p DIAGRAM
SS FAHRENHEIT AND CELSIUS

The image shows a complex logarithmic pressure diagram with multiple grid lines, scales for temperature (in Fahrenheit and Celsius), wind scale, and atmospheric altitude. The diagram appears to be a technical chart used for meteorological or scientific calculations.


- page 15 -

Form: DOD-WPC 9-16-1
(Formerly AWS-WPC 9-16-1)

[The rest of the text is part of a complex technical graph/chart with temperature and other scales, which appears to be a meteorological or atmospheric sounding diagram. The specific text within the chart is too small or blended to be reliably OCR'd.]


- page 16 -

The image appears to be a technical document with a complex grid or chart taking up most of the page. The text on the right side of the page is mostly illegible due to the low resolution and image quality. The document seems to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report, as indicated by the filename context. The page contains various numbers, grid lines, and what looks like a data visualization or tracking chart. However, I cannot confidently transcribe the specific text due to the poor image quality.


- page 17 -

The text in the "EXPLANATION" section is mostly illegible due to the low resolution and blurriness of the image. The document appears to be a technical chart or graph with gridlines, numerical scales in Fahrenheit, and various plotted lines and points. At the bottom of the page, there are empty fields for "NUMBER", "STATION", "TIME (OCT)", and "DATE (OCT)". The document seems to be published by "THE AERONAUTICAL CHART AND INFORMATION CENTER" as noted at the bottom of the page.


- page 18 -

Form: DOD-WPC 9-16-1

DEPARTMENT
USAF SKEW T
(Temperature in degrees)

Most of the form's left side fields are blank or illegible. The right side contains a complex grid chart typical of meteorological skew-T diagrams, with temperature and pressure lines at various angles and markings.

The document appears to be a meteorological data recording form with a skew-T temperature diagram, used for analyzing atmospheric conditions.


- page 19 -

Here is the text I can extract from the document:

EXPLANATION

[The rest of the text in the "EXPLANATION" section is mostly illegible due to poor image quality]

At the bottom of the page, there are some partially visible text elements:

PUBLISHED BY NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
[Remaining text is cut off or illegible]

The document appears to be a technical chart or graph with grid lines, numerical scales, and various markings. The right side of the page contains a complex grid with numerical annotations and plotted points.

The top of the page has a header with two empty boxes labeled "FORECASTER" and another section.

At the bottom of the page, there are empty boxes for "NUMBER", "STATION", and other details.


- page 20 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Form: DOD-WPC 9-16-1

DEPARTMEN
USAF SKEW T
TEMPERATURE IN DEGR

[Most of the form fields are blank or illegible. The right side of the document contains a grid/chart with various numerical scales and markings.]


- page 21 -

Text found in the document:

Form: DOD WPC 9.16-1
(Formerly AWS WPC 9.16-1)

"IET TEMPERATURE SCALE" (in the bottom left area)

The image appears to be a technical diagram or chart with complex grid lines, temperature scales, and various numerical markings. The chart seems to be a meteorological or atmospheric measurement graph with multiple intersecting lines and scales ranging from 0 to 1000 on various axes.


- page 22 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

NT OF DEFENSE

log p DIAGRAM
LESS EARTH HEIGHT AND CEILING SUPP.

The rest of the text on the image is part of the technical diagram and appears to be axis labels, grid lines, and scale markings which are difficult to transcribe precisely. The image appears to be a technical logarithmic diagram with complex grid lines and numerical scales.


- page 23 -

a carbon copy of your reply to Mr. Hunt, and Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Patrolman Bertrand, Patrolman

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

5 Atchs
1. Ltr 8th Air Force
2. Ltr
3. Ltr to 8th Air Force
4. Ltr tmBster Police Dept.
5. Ltr fm. Pt. Hunt and Bertrand

ORIGINATOR
TDEW/UFO Maj. H. Quintanilla, JR.    DATED 7 Jul 66

TDEW                                 DATED 16 Jun 66


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

(11th Air Division (Def))
Please AFB, A.T.
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

POSTAGE AND FEES PAID
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE

Foreign Technology Division
Air Force Systems
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio

ATTN: Sgt Moody

SAC FORM 369 PREVIOUS EDITION
JAN 64 MAY BE USED.


- page 25 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFOs PANIC POLICE, 
MOTORISTS

In the last few months, there has been a disturbing increase in public fear of UFOs. Suddenly confronted with these strange objects, veteran policemen -- formerly skeptics -- have panicked. A case in point was a Texas police officer who frankly told the AF they had raced a UFO at 100 m.p.h. (Copy of report to AF in AF file). In other verified cases, some motorists were found in a state of shock. A truck driver was terrified with a UFO came at him head-on, and other observers, here and abroad, were alarmed by UFO encounters, especially at close range.

We do not wish to add to the fear of UFOs, but the causes mentioned are already known locally. If such cases continue, police and other public officials will have to seriously add to the problem of educating the public.

A case at Exeter, N.H., Sept. 3, is a typical example of last month's UFO chase. Approaching UFO. Around 12:30 a.m., Exeter police investigated a case of near shock. The driver told Officer Eugene Bertrand he had seen a UFO. Not seeing any strange object, Bertrand reassured the driver and drove off.

Disturbing Lights

That an hour later, Norman J. Muscarello, 18-year-old Exeter youth, was walking alone Route 150 when a strange, red-lighted object came over nearby treetops. The almost blinding lights came from five extremely bright lights, which pulsated in Frightened, Muscarello crouched behind a stone wall. The UFO stopped and hovered at about 100 feet above a house near Clyde Russell's house -- at least 80-90 feet long. After the UFO slightly moved back over the trees, Muscarello ran to the Russell home and pounded on the door. But the Russells, thinking it was a drunk, refused to open.

About 1:45, Muscarello reached the Exeter Police Station, two miles from the sighting spot.

(Continued on page 3, column 1)


- page 26 -

Here is the text from the document:

22.

silence of the thing."

Further confirmation came from the testimony of Mrs. Clyde Russell, near whose home the Muscarello sighting was made. She told him, on the evening of September 2nd, between 9:30 and 10 p.m., she watched a brilliant red object about the size of a full moon cross the sky over her home and disappear in the distance. This was about four hours previous to the sighting by young Muscarello in the same area.

Also, shortly before Muscarello's arrival at the Exeter police station, Officer Bertrand talked to two upon parked in an automobile on Route 101, just out of town. Bertrand asked the ladies if they needed help, and the driver told him that, as she was driving from nearby Epping, N.H., a flying object had circled her car, giving off a brilliant red glow. She went on to say that it dived at her car several times before departing. Unfortunately, Bertrand did not take the names of these women, so they cannot be reached to add their evidence to the already impressive file we now have on the mysterious Exeter Case.

The two police officers and several other people were questioned by Air Force officers from Pease Force Base. The policemen were asked to keep the incident from the press, so as to "avoid alarming the local people." But it was too late, as several reporters already had the story. There was a rumor that an Air Force officer went to stores selling the Manchester (N.H.) Union Leader - containing the story - and bought up all the copies. This rumor of course denied.

A phone call by SAUCER NEWS to the Air Force UFO spokesman at the Pentagon revealed that the sighting by the two policemen is carried on their books as an UNKNOWN.

Our thanks to researcher Nellie Robinson of Salem, Massachusetts, for the above drawing, as well as for most of the information in this article.


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO INVESTIGATOR
UFO PANIC (Continued from page 11)

...he was white with fear and hardly able to talk." Desk Officer Reginald Toland said later. Muscorello told Toland and Officer Bertrand the story, and through it seemed incredible, Bertrand drove him to the scene.

Muscorello and the officer walked into the field where the UFO was visible. Then as Bertrand pointed his flashlight around Muscorello shouted, and Bertrand saw around in time to see a large dark object displaying a straight row of extraordinarily bright red pulsating lights." The UFO, coming into the field at tree-top level, changed course slightly, then rose up and hovered.

Bertrand reached for his revolver, then thought better of it. Shouting for Muscorello to take cover, in the car, he also jumped into the cruiser, fearing that he might be burned by the blinding red lights. Closing in, barking furiously and horses in a nearby barn whinnying and kicking their stalls.

[Diagram of 5 numbered lights in an oval shape]

EXETER, N.H. SEPTEMBER 3, 1965

Brilliant red lights pulsed in a smooth sequence: 1-2-3-4-5, taking two seconds to complete a full cycle.

The sequence in which the five lights pulsated ... 1-2-3-4-5 ... 1-2-3-4-5 ... Officer Bertrand the impressions that the UFO was under intelligent control. The brilliance of the lights was so intense that Muscorello was blinded after and at closer range. The officer were not even though he could not see clearly behind the lights.

UFO Officer David B. Hunt arrived from Exeter in time to view the UFO for about six minutes. By then it was moving very slowly, with a wobbling motion, and appeared to be somewhat larger than before.

Most of a read card course, the UFO disappeared below the tree line.

After noon, Exeter police notified NICAP, and next day an interview was held. NICAP investigator Raymond Fowler also interviewed the policemen. They told him the officers also were special interest in the size and shape of the object. The policemen also said the AF men told them.

The AF shock revealed no aircraft in the area during the sighting. Most interesting of all, the police said the AF officers asked them to keep the story from the press to avoid embarrassment. Most of them seemed more curious than frightened.

[Bottom of page notes Page 3]


- page 28 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

WEIGHT
STEP

LOCATION:

PRESSURE
MB

TE.
OC

E DATE: Sept. 23, 1965

REMARKS:

DATA SOURCE: 2nd Tac Air Recon Flt.

ANALYST: Maj. Parker

The rest of the document appears to be a table with empty rows and columns for Height (Step), Location, Pressure (MB), Temperature (OC), and an "E" column.


- page 29 -

RECORDING J                                                                                 DATE 9 SEP 1965

The rest of the text is part of a tabular format with columns that appear to be partially illegible. The bottom of the page includes some text that is cut off, with "DATA SURVEY:" partially visible.

The document appears to be a data recording sheet with numerical entries in multiple columns, with dates and numerical values, but the specific details of the columns are not fully clear from this scan.


- page 30 -

Here is the text from the document:

[First line partially illegible]
...we have been unable to identify a specific aircraft as the cause of the sighting, the case is unidentified. There is no substantial or scientific evidence, however, of something beyond the present scientific-technical knowledge. "There is a total lack of evidence to indicate that the sighting could have been caused by conventional aircraft."


- page 31 -

Here is the text from the document:

FLYING
Jan-Fel

"dying a cow". Before the call could be put through to the police, the telephone connection went dead. Neither the man nor the pay station could subsequently be traced.

After the police had reported the incident to Pease Air Force Base, Portsmouth, New Hampshire, a USAF Major and a Lieutenant, both in uniform, arrived. They questioned the police officers, and the Lieutenant went to the field where it was said the objects had been seen. When the police were asked to keep the sighting from the press so as to avoid alarming the local people. But it was too late, for several reporters had already got hold of the story. An unconfirmed report has it that an Air Force Officer had later gone round to all the stores selling newspapers in Exeter, and bought all copies of the Manchester "Union Leader" newspaper which carried a detailed account of the sightings.

In questioning the police officers, the USAF team were particularly interested in the size and shape of the object, and whether chickens in a nearby field had been alarmed during the sighting.

It is of interest to note that for several weeks previous to the sightings, the police had received reports from people saying that their house had been momentarily illuminated by a bright reddish glow after they had gone to bed. No objects were seen.


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

FLYING SAUCER REVIEW
Jan-Feb 66

Exeter, New Hampshire
3 Sep 65

Important New England Sighting
By Dan Lloyd

This account has been condensed from a copy of a report sent to the FLYING SAUCER REVIEW by the chairman of the Massachusetts NICAP sub-committee, RAYMOND E. FOWLER. The original of the report was sent to NICAP H.Q. at 1536 Connecticut Avenue N.W. Washington D.C. 20036. A model investigation, the report provides an interesting insight into the workings of NICAP. Unhappily it is too long for presentation here in its original form, but it is worthy of note that a version of the account, with due acknowledgments to Mr. Fowler, appeared in the SUNDAY TELEGRAPH of October 3, 1965.

THIS unusual sighting occurred near Exeter, New Hampshire, on September 3, 1965. At approximately 12:30 a.m. on that date, Officer Eugene Bertrand of the Exeter Police Station came upon a woman parked on the Exeter-Hampton road, who told him excitedly that she had been chased along Route 101 for 12 miles by a flying object which was encircled with a brilliant red glow. She said that the object had dived at her car several times.

Approximately half an hour after this event, eight-year-old Norman Muscarello was walking home to now miles outside of Exeter. Alarmed to see a large dark object in the field, he was extremely bright red pulsating lights emerge from nearby woods and move over a nearby field. It hovered over a house belonging to Clyde Russell, then, as the frightened youth crawled down behind a stone wall bordering the field, it seemed to move closer toward him. Its lights were so bright that they lit up the whole area in a bright glow. The object appeared to be about 80-90 feet long—much longer than the house—and was completely silent. Then it moved away and disappeared behind some trees. Muscarello tried to wake the occupants of the Russell home by pounding on the door but, thinking the boy was drunk, they refused to open the door. Muscarello finally gave up and flagged a lift to the Exeter Police Station.

Muscarello reported the incident to Desk Officer Reginald Towland at about 1:45 a.m. He was white with fear and hardly able to talk. Officer Bertrand was recalled to the station, and he picked Muscarello up, and returned with him to the scene of the incident, but the object was nowhere to be seen. However, the ground was marked in the field, and as the police officer was playing his flashlight back and forth, Muscarello sighted the object rising slowly from behind some nearby trees. He shouted a warning. Bertrand swung round and saw a large, dark object carrying a straight row of four extraordinarily bright red pulsating lights coming into the field at tree-top level. It cleared a 70-foot tree and came to within 100 feet of them. Instinctively, Officer Bertrand reached for his revolver but, thinking better of it, yelled to Muscarello to take cover in the cruiser, where Bertrand immediately put in a radio call to headquarters for assistance. Officer David R. Hunt arrived within minutes and, together, they observed the object move away beyond and below the tree line.

Altogether, the object was in view for some 10 minutes. Officer Bertrand and Norman Muscarello, and about 5 minutes by Officer Hunt when he joined them.

Pulsating Lights

The four brilliant pulsating red lights appeared to flash in a steady sequence from left to right and back again. Officer Bertrand said they were brighter than any light he had ever seen and gave Bertrand the distinct impression that this was an intelligent-controlled vehicle and definitely not some natural phenomenon. The lights were seen to be part of a large, dark, solid object, and the reflection off the object's body caused a halo effect around it.

The heard by the witnesses, even at close range, but apparently the animals in a nearby barn sensed something that frightened them, for they whinnied and kicked their stalls. A dog barked furiously. No interference was noticed on the police radio nor were the lights and ignition of the cruiser affected. The field contained no electrical equipment.

To add to the excitement, an unidentified hysterical man tried to call the police during the early hours of the morning to report a UFO. He dialled the operator and excitedly asked to be put through to the police as he had been chased by a


- page 33 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Widespread UFO Reports
In Southern New Hampshire

KENSINGTON, N.H. - An unidentified flying object has been reported as being sighted by at least five persons, including two police officers, here in a field off Route 150.

Early Friday morning, Norman Muscarello, 18, 205 Front St., Exeter, was walking on Route 150 in Kensington, near the residence of Carl Dining, when he said he saw a large, red object with flashing lights emerge from the woods in the rear of the Dining residence.

Muscarello, who was first viewed later, stated he was stunned and then he lay flat in the ditch until the however, the object had withdrawn. He was not the only witness. Clyde Russell, household helper at the Muscarello home, also flagged down a car and was taken to the police station. According to Officer Bertrand, he had seen the object.

David Hunt. The trio walked toward the field towards the house. Muscarello reported seeing the object materialize. Suddenly the object was hovering slowly in the sky, they said.

Bertrand ran to the police station and telephoned Exeter police later describing the incident as an "hysterical" condition. The line went dead before the call could be completed or traced.

Similar reports of other people sighting the object that same night came into the police station. The descriptions were essentially similar. Mrs. and Mrs. Clyde Russell reported seeing a large mysterious object at about 10 p.m. Friday in the same area. That same night a police officer saw a ball with flashing lights. They said it made no noise and was moving rather slowly.

Watchers were out for about five hours Saturday night but the unidentified flying object was not seen.

Exeter police Officer Bertrand said the women were in a state of near shock in a parked car on the Exeter-Hampton bypass at 12:30 Friday morning.

Bertrand said the women claimed the object was a brilliant halo of red.

The line went dead before the call could be completed or traced.


- page 34 -

TDSW/UFO

Request for UFO Information

Hq USAF SAFOIC (Mrs. Hunt)                                                JAN 11 1966

1. We have delayed our reply to Mr. [redacted] concerning the Exeter, New Hampshire sighting until our final investigation into this matter could be completed. The initial investigation from Pease Air Force Base was submitted to our office on 15 September 1965 and contained statements from the principal witnesses. This data indicated that a refueling operation might have been the cause of the sighting. Refueling area "Pur Trapper" and refueling area "Down Pete" are controlled through Loring Air Force Base and located over the area of the sighting. A call was made to the controller of this refueling area and we were informed that they were closed from 03/0500Z to 03/600Z for an 8th Air Force operation Big Blast. A call was placed to the 99th Bomb Wing at Westover Air Force Base for information on this operation.

2. The initial impression was that aircraft from an 8th Air Force operation "Big Blast" was the cause of the 11pm obserrvd during this incident. Information received from the 8th Air Force indicates that on 8-4/7 aircraft from Pease and Westover Air Force Base were in the traffic pattern over Exeter, New Hampshire between 03/4447 and 03/5352. A copy of this information is attached. Since this information conflicted with the time of the sighting and eliminated these aircraft as a possible evaluation of the incident, a letter was forwarded to Mr. [redacted] requesting clarification of the time of the sighting. A copy of their reply is attached.

3. The earlier sightings of two unnamed women and those of Mr. [redacted] are attributed to aircraft from operation Big Blast "Coco." The subsequent observation by Officers Bertrand and Russel occurring after 2 A. M. are regarded as UNIDENTIFIED. It is requested that you send


- page 35 -

Saturday Review, Jan. 22, 1966

Trade Winds

[The text continues with multiple paragraphs discussing a UFO incident in Exeter, but due to the image quality, some parts are partially illegible. The article appears to be discussing a UFO encounter and its impact, with references to local police and witness accounts. There are two images on the page - one at the top appears to be a stylized UFO or flying object, and another smaller image in the middle of the page.]

The text mentions details about an incident involving UFO sightings, with references to local law enforcement and witness statements. However, without reproducing potentially inaccurate text, I can confirm the document is from the Saturday Review dated January 22, 1966, and focuses on a UFO-related story from Exeter.

The right side of the page contains additional text, but the image resolution makes complete accurate transcription challenging.


- page 36 -

RECENT SAUCER SIGHTINGS

FURTHER INFORMATION ON THE EXETER, NEW HAMPSHIRE SIGHTINGS: Since publication of our December 1965 issue, we have received a good deal of additional material concerning our lead story in the "Recent News" section, which in our opinion is one of the most impressive UFO incidents of recent years. Here is Norman Muscarello's story, as quoted in the Rockingham County Gazette:

"It was about 2 a.m. on Friday, September 3rd. I was walking along Route 150 in Kensington (N.H.) on my way home from a visit to a friend in Amesbury. As I approached the Clyde Russell house, I saw a 'thing' with brilliant red alternating lights approaching me from the direction of Dinning's corral. (See diagram below.) I jumped over the wall and lay on the ground. It hovered over me about a telephone pole length above the ground.

"I had a good opportunity to observe it closely. The lights were on an oblique angle, from sky to ground. There were five lights in all, which lit up in sequence. It took about two seconds to complete a cycle. I estimated the length from the first light to the fifth as approximately 90 feet.

"The lights were so brilliant that it was impossible to make out any shape behind them. After it left, I banged on the door of the Russell home, but was unable to wake anybody. Then a car came along, and I was given a ride to the Exeter police station. I told them what I had seen, and someone suggested that we return to the area.

"Officer Bertrand took me in one cruiser, and Officer Hunt arrived in another. We walked down into the field, but didn't see anything. As we were about ready to return to the cruisers, I noticed the alternating lights again in back of some trees. It came out at tremendous speed, and we all had a good opportunity to see it.

"What impressed me most was the brilliant red lights, and the complete silence."

[The document includes a hand-drawn diagram showing the UFO's position and movement, and a map showing the route and locations of the sightings.]


- page 37 -

Exeter, N.H.   Sept 3, 1965
+ 3:32 AM

Pt Eugene Bertrand
Pt David Hunt

(Glen View, N.H. 4950
directed to Place AFB 2 Aug 1965
by Maj. Prop. (Capt) Rand Slater
with Shipman - Briefer etc.)

+ 1:00 hrs
11:25 PM


- page 38 -

January 25, 1966

Mrs Hunt/sh/SAFOICC/72342/25 Jan 66

Dear Mr.

I am inclosing our file on the Exeter, New Hampshire, UFO sightings.

Our office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base has not received a report on an observation at Hampton, New Hampshire, on August 2, 1965. It is possible that locally a report was submitted to Base Air Force Base and identified as a known natural or conventional object.

The photograph taken by Mr. of Beaver, Pennsylvania, was not turned over to the Air Force for evaluation.

Sincerely,

JOHN P. SPAULDING
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Department of Publications Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
Exeter Case File
Mr.
New York, NY

COORDINATED By (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date)
SAF-01 CC                 SAF-01

[Remainder of table is blank]

Coordinated by - SAF-010
Coord by - SAF-010
Read by - SAF-010
Activity of - SAF-010
Staff 26


- page 39 -

February 9, 1966

Mrs Hunt/sh/SAFOICC/7284c/9 Feb 66

Gentlemen:

Based on the additional information you submitted to our UFO Investigation office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, we have been unable to identify the object you observed on September 3, 1965.

I am including a copy of a letter to Mr. of Wenham, Massachusetts. I hope this will help to clarify our initial statement regarding the sighting in Exeter.

In 19 years of investigating over 10,000 reports of unidentified flying objects, the evidence has proved almost conclusively that previously aerial phenomena have been objects either created and sent aloft by man, generated by atmospheric conditions, or caused by celestial bodies or the residue of meteoric activity.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force and for your subsequent cooperation regarding the report. I regret any inconvenience you may have suffered as a result.

Sincerely,

JOHN F. SPAULDING
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
Letter

COORDINATED By (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date)
SAF-01-02                                                                  SAF-010
                                                                            SAF-010
                                                                            Coord by SAF-010
                                                                            Copy by SAF-010
                                                                            Rander by SAF-OFO


- page 40 -

b. Both articles from the Saturday Review and Look Magazine are authored by John C Fuller. The article is essentially factual, however, it is apparent that poetic license has been used for the sensational has been incorporated into the articles. The only observation made by the Police Officer for evaluation, the other reports, contained in the Look article, have never been reported to the Air Force. Analysis of the report indicates that it is possible for aircraft utilizing a conventional type with photographic missions to have utilized infra-red lights in sighting. We have been unable at this time to identify a specific aircraft as the cause of the sighting. There is regarded tion that the object presented any credible evidence whatsoever, of the-art. There is a total lack of evidence to indicate state-of-the sighting could not have been caused by conventional aircraft.

2. Information on the conduct of the Air Force Project Blue Book was forwarded to your office at an earlier date.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de TOUMOULINE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Case File, Exeter,
New Hampshire

COORDINATION ORIGINATOR:
TDEV/UFO MAJ E QUINTANILLA, JR DATE 2 mar 66

TDEV DATE 2 mar 66

2


- page 41 -

TDEV/UFO

UFO Information, Exeter, New Hampshire

RADC (EWS)
Attn: Major Burnside

1. Reference your request for information on the Exeter, New Hampshire unidentified flying object report. A summary of the incident is as follows:

a. The sighting was made on the morning of 3 September 1965. Initial investigation was made by officers from Pease AFB, New Hampshire following wide spread publicity in the local newspapers from the New Hampshire area. A copy of the initial report, dated 15 September and two newspaper articles from 6 and 7 September are included in the case file. Information received in the initial report regarding description of the object and newspaper coverage was not sufficient for a firm evaluation of the sighting. The general description of flashing lights is consistent with previous reports of aircraft, refueling operations or low level photographic missions using infra-red lights. On 28 September an investigation attempting to place a specific aircraft of these types over Exeter was made. Results of this investigation indicated that on 5th Air Force operation "Big Blast" was conducted in the New England areas and B-47 aircraft from Pease AFB were also involved in the operation. Letters were written to Patuxent Perturbed and Hanscom Field 6th Air Force at Westover AFB. A reply from the 5th Air Force indicated that ten B-47 aircraft landed at Pease AFB between 0045 and 0135 local time. The major portion of the sighting occurred subsequent to two a.m. Articles in the Saturday Review of Literature, January 1966 issue and the Look magazine, February 1966 issue, further stimulated public interest in this particular sighting. After consultation with project consultants, Dr. J. Allen Hynek of Northwestern University, a telephone call was made to Lt. Brandt at Pease AFB requesting that the B-47 pilots be interrogated regarding unusual observations and also to determine if infra-red photography was being conducted in the area. A TWX received on 11 February 1965 indicated that no unusual sighting were made by crews during the time period of the unidentified flying object report. His statement regarding night photography is inconclusive. Copies are included in the case.


- page 42 -

Most of the text on this page is redacted with black lines covering the majority of the text. Only small fragments of text are visible, but they are too illegible to confidently transcribe. The document appears to be a typewritten page with multiple sections blacked out, suggesting sensitive or classified information.


- page 43 -

TNEW
Unidentified Flying Objects

Directorate of Information
817th Air Division (SAC)
Pease AFB, New Hampshire 03803

1. Reports which have been received by our organization from Pease AFB during the past year have contained sufficient information to warrant a preliminary analysis of the reports without subsequent investigation with the exception of the Exeter, New Hampshire report of 3 Sep 65. Preliminary analysis by personnel at our organization indicated a possible refueling operation. A call was made to the "Fur Trapper" refueling area and "Down Date" refueling area from 03/0500 to 03/0600 for an Eighth Air Force operation "Big Blast". It is our belief that aircraft from this operation and various other planes were the causes of the various reports on the night of 2-3 September from this area.

2. AFR 200-2 specifically states that only those objects which are unidentified, are not to be reported. Therefore, objects such as satellites, aircraft, balloons, etc. are not covered by this regulation and such information may be released by your organization to the press or radio, in answer to questions regarding specific reports. If the sighting is not evaluated as a "known or potential object" by your organization the release of this information is made by the Air Force through the Secretary of the Air Force, Office of Information.

3. Investigation of unidentified flying object reports is made only in those cases where the observer contacts the Air Force directly. No investigation is made of newspaper reports or rumors to the effect that an object has been sighted.

4. The Air Force does not, as a rule, provide speakers to private groups on the subject of UFOs. Past experience has indicated that talks on this subject only serve to generate additional requests for speakers and creates additional interest in the subject.


- page 44 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

1-3-EW UFO

DEC 65 11 05 43

[Most of the text in the upper portion of the document is partially illegible, with only fragments of text visible]

[The bottom portion of the document contains some text that is also partially illegible, with only a few words discernible]

The document appears to be a military or government document related to a UFO incident, with a handwritten notation "1-3-EW UFO" and a date stamp.


- page 45 -

7 Sep 65, Exeter, N Hampshire                                  7 Sep 65, Leon, N York

Tsgt David Moody called Griffis AFB, N York and talked with Sgt Hunt, 416 SW of
the 402d Operations Squadron. Informed that Farmer Boy refueling route had been
changed to Fur Trapper. Records were checked and revealed that no refueling
operations were conducted on the nights of 2-3 Sep and 6 Sep. The route Fur Trapper
was closed from 03/0500 to 03/0502 for an 8th Air Force Operation "Big Blast".

Sgt Hunt informed Sgt Moody that a refueling area "Down Date" controlled at Loring
AFB, paralleled "Fur-Trapper" adjacent to the old Farmer Boy area. Sgt Moody
called Col Smith at Loring AFB. No flights were conducted on the morning of 3 Sep
and one operation of a B-47, KC-135 from Loring entered the Speedway refueling area
near Indianapolis at 07/0110Z. There were no refueling operations in the New
England area during the time in question. Any information on "Big Blast" should
be obtained from the 8th Air Force. Sgt Moody called Major Benanides at Westover
AFB at the 9th Bomb Wing, DOT, and requested him to obtain information pertaining
to the lighting and type of aircraft used in operation "Big Blast" and their
activities during the time period of 03/0500--03/0502.

The above was accomplished by telephone on 2: September 1965.


- page 46 -

Text found on the document:

NOTHING
NOTHING

There are two black redacted/censored marks on the left side of the document as well.


- page 47 -

Here is the text from the document:

966-2373 (photo)
New Hampshire

Aug 6 OCT 1820 △ OCT IN EAST
Thru'y from S to SE- out 3,000 FT
Turned NE Come down Stopped
over Coast Guard Station for 4 min.
While Sharp turned SW toward Exeter
pulled up signal. Blue gone. No harm
lights. No Noise. Reported Chapel.

Moving into location. Proven partly clang
in incident, or shape. Sug. age

Phasing clearup program. Doing WX.

Came into office
Blunt, so do ostensibly (understatement)
shipping ext. m-2 occasion of life existing
feel ATC in lights from Base

Handmade UFO D-11
Major Dufour P-251


- page 48 -

Here is the text from the document:

New UFO Sighting: Memo to: Capt. Hall from Major, USAF, Original,
2nd Ind. School - Class NOAC, Holloman AFB, Oklahoma,
Attn: AFOUA-F, Date: 17 Sep 65

Major Curtis Griffis had investigated the reports in New Hampshire.

The memo that reports were not submitted on sightings other than the Exeter, New Hampshire page of Bartrand, Hunt and one that they were identified on the spot.

He went out with [redacted] for several nights. What she called flying saucers no one else saw. All that were visible were aircraft.

According to AFR 200-2 if objects are identified it is not necessary to submit a report.

A Colonel Stanley & Binger at Base Ops has records on the UFO sightings for this period of time.


- page 49 -

EXETER, NEW HAMPSHIRE
3 SEPTEMBER 1965

One observer was hitch-hiking on Route 150 at 0200 hours when a group of five bright red lights appeared over a house about 100 feet from where he was standing. The lights were in a line at about a 60° angle and they were so bright they lit up the area. Only one light would be on at a time. Observer watched these lights for approximately 15 minutes when they finally disappeared behind some trees and seemed to go into a field. At one time the objects came so close that observer jumped into a ditch to keep from being hit. Observer caught a ride to Exeter Police Station and reported what he had seen.

Second observer arrived at Police Station after consoling a lady in a car who claimed a light had been following her and stopped over her car. After arriving in the area a group of five bright lights came from behind a group of trees. These lights were extreme bright and flashed one at a time. The lights started to move around over the field. At one time the lights came so close [illegible] fall to the ground and started to draw his gun. The lights were so bright [illegible] was unable to make out any distinct form. There was no sound or vibration but the farm animals nearby were upset, and [illegible] ran for the car.

Third observer arrived after having been called by [illegible] so observed the lights which were still over the field but not so close.


- page 50 -

Here is the text from the document:

as before. The lights moved out across the field at an estimated altitude of 100 feet and finally disappeared in the distance at the same altitude.

The lights were always in line at about 60° angle. When the object moved the lower lights were always forward of the others. Total time that the lights were in the area was approximately two hours.

COMMENTS

The general description of flashing lights is consistent with previous reports of aircraft, refueling operations or low level photographic missions.

An investigation was made as to the possibility of aircraft in the area at the time of the observation. Results of the investigation indicated that an 8th Air Force operation "Big Blast" was conducted in the New England area and B-47 aircraft from Pease AFB between 0204 and 0435 local time. The crews were questioned and they reported no unusual sightings during the time period of the initial flying object report. Although several reports were made, the final report submitted to the Air Force for evaluation, was the observation made to the police officers and [redacted].

The preliminary impression was that an aircraft from "Big Blast" was the cause of the lights. These aircraft were in the traffic pattern over Exeter between 0204 and 0135, which does not correspond to the time of the observation. Since no aircraft can be placed in the area at 0200 hours the case is listed as unidentified by the Air Force.


- page 51 -

HEADQUARTERS AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
HQ FIELD STATION
HANSCOM FIELD, MASSACHUSETTS

SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTING - EXETER, MASSACHUSETTS - 09/17/66

DATE: 12 October 1966

FROM: Raymond E. Fowler
        Chairman, NICAP Mass Subject

TO: NICB7
        Washington, D.C.

ATTENTION: Richard Hall
            Assistant Director

[Most of the remaining text is partially illegible due to image quality, with only fragments of text visible.]

At the bottom of the page, there appears to be a partially cut-off signature or notation, but it is not fully readable.


- page 52 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP. After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use another sheet of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name: [redacted]
   Place of Employment: US Thomas Hospital
   Address: [redacted]
   Occupation: Food Manager
   Education: Special Training
   Military Service: [blank]

2. Date of Observation: 3/7/66
3. Locality of Observation: South End Exeter, N.H.
4. How long did you see the object?: Hours / Minutes 30 Seconds
5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky: i.e., bright daylight, (nighttime), dusk, etc.
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you: [blank]
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars/or moon visible?
8. Were there more than one object? If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, if any.
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light? Was it revolving, etc? Please use additional sheet of paper, if necessary.
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? X marked: No, not as second only
11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc.
12. Did the object(s):
    a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes
    c. Seem to explode? [blank]
    d. Sink up into earth or explode? [blank]
    e. Give off smoke? [blank]
    f. Leave any visible trail? No
    g. Drop anything? Yes
    h. Change brightness? Yes
    i. Change shape? [blank]
    j. Change color? No

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc. if possible.
14. Was there any wind? No. If so, please give direction and speed.
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windowpanes, storm window, screening, etc? No
16. Did the object(s) have any sound? No. What kind? [blank]
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined

    Additional notes: There was a sound, indistinct while only lifting the track - Blurred while moving


- page 53 -

Here is the text from the document:

16th Monday, September 7
Time: 2:30 PM
Boston Star & Wint

Author: House Daily News, N. (news channel)
Approx. Single bright shiny object, Brighter of system sky,

- no movement. Faint and when, overhead, disappeared

Disappeared over horizon 3-5 minutes later, about
not 15 minutes, to some apparent to middle
longitude, looked like 3 or 4 larger. Not
accompanied by any sound such as airplane

Observed:                                        Glenn H. Peterson

The text is handwritten and some parts are slightly difficult to read with complete certainty, so there might be minor inaccuracies in the transcription.


- page 54 -

5. Should you feel that the problem in your particular instance is sufficient to justify an Air Force representative from this Project to visit your organization a request may be made through HQ USAF (SAFQIC), Washington, D C 20330, attention Mrs Hunt.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JACKHBERS, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

ORIGINATOR:
TDSM/UFO                                 Maj H Quintanilla, Jr

DATED 9 oct 65

2


- page 55 -

Here is the text from the document:

CONCORD, N. H.

(THIS SIDE OF CARD IS FOR ADDRESS)

Unidentified Flying Object Sighting
Peter Air Force Base
Portsmouth
New Hampshire

The document appears to be a postcard or mailing card with a postmark from Concord, New Hampshire, and an address related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting report to be sent to Peter Air Force Base in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.


- page 56 -

4 September 65                   8 - 8:30pm                   30 min

2

Single bright, shining object. Brightest object in sky, no 
low visible. First seen when overhead, disappeared over horizon 15 minutes later. 
Took like 2002 but longer.

bright shining object

[Remainder of text is illegible or blacked out]


- page 57 -

3 Sep 65

Corporal Rand
Hampton Police Dept.

Corporal on Hampton Police Dept.

1

red object

red


- page 58 -

Here is the text from the document:

4 March 1965

19 August 1965

two
bright white lite, with red tail light traveling in a south to
south-west direction parallel to horizon of Durham.

faded event and disappeared

EXETER, N.H.

south to south-west direction parallel to


- page 59 -

12 August 65
15                   Concord, N.H.                           19:30                   2 min

3

Very bright shiny object, round in form, flying about 1 mile
high, on a westerly course, in form of a jet airplane.
round in form                                                bright shiny object

                                                              
sighted near    Haging Road, Sharon, N.H.
                flying 1 mile high, on westerly course

about 1 mile high

round in form


- page 60 -

Here is the text from the document:

Pease Air Force Base
Office of Unidentified Flying Objects
Investigations.

Sept. 11, 1966

Dear Sirs:

In light of the recent reports of U.F.O. sightings I figured perhaps your office would be interested in one more report.

On the night of the 19th of August around the time of 7:30, I saw three Objects flying across the sky. I am quite sure of the date, for it was the eve of the postponement of the flight of the Gemini V capsule.

The skies were heavily clouded and very low. I state this point to throw light on the fact that anything earthly flying at that low an altitude would have created a loud enough noise to be heard easily. I have heard enough jets flying by to know when I should hear them. These Objects were completely silent.

Another unusual thing about the Objects was their very unusual speed. They were going faster than any trains or fighters and I haven't seen of occasion.

I happened to look up at the very moment a solitary vessel flew by. It was brightly lit with the softest light I have ever seen. Similar to the soft glow of a candle flame but even softer. The color of the soft lights was a yellowish tint. It was fairly close (approximately 2,000 Feet) and it blinked rapidly and VERY regularly.

So fast did it fly by that I thought perhaps I was imagining things. However, it quickly brought my eyes to peak alertness. Then, unexpectedly, two more came, what I assume was a close formation, with the same characteristics of the first "blaze". This time I knew my eyes weren't playing tricks on me! Again I heard nothing whatsoever and had a better chance to verify the rapidity of the flight.

I was located in a Durham-direction. (In other words, I live about half-way between Durham and the entrance to the base.)

The Object: I saw from my left over to my right.

The reason I didn't report this before is because I was afraid of the hazard at (my way of saying) my flight. I believe this report.

I hope this will help your investigations.
Sincerely yours,

[Signature is blacked out]


- page 61 -

Visible text:

Encl(1)

Airmen

Memorandum 2 page

The rest of the text is too illegible to read with confidence.


- page 62 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Letterhead location and date are blacked out]

Commanding Officer
USAF Air Force Base
Torrance, W. C.

Sir:

Perhaps I should have written this letter to you sooner, but anyway, here goes:

In the night of August 25, 1965, my wife and I were vacationing at north Hampton beach, were sitting at the corp-inn, approx. 1/10 of a mile north of the beach head. About 10:45 p.m., a warm, fresh mountain at approximately 440 m.p.h. while looking out the window at the water in a southerly direction, I saw two(2) large lights, one behind the other.

Watching for a moment, I observe that proceeding in a northly direction at a very rapid pace, and with a first thought was that they must be the first lights of some aircraft. As I continued to watch, they seemed to have a glow and a size of arc light. Then they moved with tremendous speed and made no noise. When first sighted, the moon was high in the sky with a bright light. I could see the lights very clearly and distinctly.

oh [sic]

I will try to give some description to me about the sound. They were, I would assume, silent. At all times. It was a very bright night.

I would like to know what these lights could be. I saw no conventional aircraft that could make such a flight. The lights were white and bright both ways. The object seemed to come quite near, though I could not tell the exact distance at a height until I lost sight of them heading to all points of the compass. The lights were in sight approx. 15 to 20 miles, but clear enough to see and know it was different.

I am not sure what we saw, but as I am a licensed airplane pilot, I am sure we did not see any conventional kind of aircraft.

Sincerely,

[Signature is blacked out]


- page 63 -

Here is the text from the document:

... and the clouds at ... light and told. I was light of them behind
a building. The night was clear, not clear enough to see the light at the Isle of
Pines, but clear enough to see and recognize different aircraft, both jet and
action, on approach to your base.


- page 64 -

25 August 1965                                                   3.40 pm

two (2)
Two lights with no connection between them.

Near from Pease Air Force Base North Beach Coast Guard station
Seacoast direction

like an electric

I passed directly in front of us an altitude of about 50 feet at a rate
of speed of 15 to 20 mph.

clear night

The lights were followed by a north light again the first light


- page 65 -

TDEW/UFO
UFO Sighting

Hq 3th Air Force

1. A report of an unidentified flying object was submitted to our office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base by the 317 Combat Support Group, Pease Air Force Base. This report was submitted to Kirt-Patterson Air Force Base in accordance with AFR 200-2. Evaluation of information submitted indicates that the observation may be associated with the military operation, Big Blast.

The location of the observation was the New Hampshire area, in and around the town of Exeter. Time of the reported UFO was the night of 2-3 August 1965 specifically 03/0500 to 0600 Zebra. This UFO report has received considerable publicity in newspaper and magazine articles, and the Air Force has received numerous queries regarding the cause of this sighting.

2. We would like to know the specific types of aircraft used in this operation and possible location of these aircraft at the time of the report.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

ORIGINATOR
TDEW/UFO    Maj H Quintanilla, Jr.    (DATED) 13 Nov 65

TDEW    John E/Roz


- page 66 -

4 March 1966

11 August 1965     10:45                                   35 Min.
Kittery Point, N.H.

3

1 bright light but no blinking lights.

Looks like a star

was flying real fast and low and moved so and at the UFO base.

[Note: Some text appears to be partially obscured or cut off, so the last line may not be completely accurate.]


- page 67 -

5 August 1965

10 pm

Mrs. [redacted]
Walton Road, Seabrook, N.H.

red and white blinking lights on an oval shaped object. 
says that it looked like a "thing" but was oval. It was the size of a fighter 
plane.

Walton Road, Seabrook, N.H.


- page 68 -

I can only partially read the text on this page. The first few lines are partially legible, but the rest of the text is too faint or blurry to make out completely. The visible portion reads:

"... It seemed their
... It gave off a glow, a white light, and it moved
... to be something like an airplane. Aerial is able to
... the stars. at some clear night."

The rest of the text is illegible.


- page 69 -

July 22, 1965

[Redacted text] of the United Press International Domestic, N.Y. office

[Redacted text] and wife

Now what appeared to be a bean-like light emitted from an object flying in a football-in relation to his outstretched arm. It appeared to be about 2 feet long. They saw the light as white, flying low at about 2,500 feet (over the) [rest of text is cut off or illegible]

Placed light about 2,500 ft above the ground on a distance of about 1,500 ft [rest of text is illegible]


- page 70 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

July 21, 1960

[Redacted]
AFD, Hanscom Center, Mass.

[Partially legible text in the body of the document, but most of it is obscured or blacked out]

The rest of the text is either illegible or redacted with black markings.


- page 71 -

17 Sept 55

14 Sept 55        00:10 hrs

Mr. and Mrs. [redacted]
[redacted] Road, North Hampton

2

It had five lights in red and white

[partially illegible text]
along coastline to Hampton, N.H.

Flew over their car, going inland, where

[An "X" marking at the bottom of the page]


- page 72 -

17 Sept 55

14-15 Sept 55
Auburn, N.H.

1

blinking lights and a spot light which they saw from their cornfield. The object was close to the ground and then disappeared fast.


- page 73 -

4 October 1965                   2100 hrs

Pleasant St, Newfields, N.H.

One
disc-shaped and had red and white flashing lights.

disc-shaped

red and white flashing lights

2,000 feet very slowly


- page 74 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Saturday Review
October 2, 1965

ADDENDUM III - UFO RPT - 9/3/65
KENSINGTON, NEW HAMPSHIRE
(Bertrand-Fowl-Macarodlo)

(Continued from page 10)

"But we went out to the spot, and
I packed the cruiser. It was a clear night.
No wind. No fog. We walked about a
hundred yards out on the field, near a
barn where a lot of horses were kept.
Then, the kid pulled up.

"He was right. It was coming up over
a row of trees. There was no noise at all,
it was about 100 feet in the air, and
about 200 feet away from us. I could
see five bright red lights in a straight
row. They dimmed from right to left,
and then from left to right—just like an
advertising sign does. It lit up everything around us. But it was silent. The
lowest started kicking and making an
awful fuss, and the dogs in the barn
started barking. The kid froze in his
tracks, and I grabbed him and pulled
him toward the police car. I reached for
my revolver and then thought better of
it. Then Officer David Hunt arrived in
another patrol car.

"We sat there and looked at it for at
least ten minutes. My brain kept telling
me that this doesn't happen—but it was,
right in front of my eyes. There was no
sound. We watched these lights, and
lowered these still about 100 feet away,
sort of floating. And then we wondered
what it was. All I can say is that it was
there, and there was no way to explain

Nobody else can tell you exactly what
it was, either. Lieutenant Correll will
tell you that the whole story is on the
police blotter, and that you can't find
two better officers than Hunt and Bertrand. "I didn't believe these guys," I'd
put 'em in a locked room and give 'em
some blocks to play with," he says. The
Hampton police will tell you that too
many responsible citizens have had
sightings to doubt them. The editors at
the Manchester Union Leader and the
Exeter News-Letter will tell you that the
report is from two reliable
sources to doubt.

Moreover, officials suspect other local
UFO landings have gone unreported.
An Exeter official will say, "If I had
seen that thing—and I was all alone,
perhaps—who would have ever heard
about it."

—JOHN G. FULLER

Raymond B. Scott
NEAP INVESTIGATOR

(Note: Some text may be slightly inaccurate due to OCR limitations)


- page 75 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are partially illegible due to the image quality, so I will transcribe what I can clearly read]

Several people were interviewed concerning sighting #6 which occurred on 9 Sept 65. This case was investigated and decided to be a probable hoax. More investigation will have to remain an open question.

[The rest of the text is difficult to read completely, with words and phrases being partially obscured or blurry. Some words can be made out, but not with full confidence.]

There is a small triangular diagram or sketch in the bottom right corner of the page, but the details are not clear enough to describe precisely.


- page 76 -

Here is the text from the document:

8AF DOOTO
WESTOVER AFB MASS

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

AFSC
(IDEW/UFO)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

POSTAGE AND FEES PAID

(A postage stamp/postmark is visible on the right side of the document)


- page 77 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some text is blacked out/redacted, so I will transcribe the visible text]

UFO Sighting 9/13/65

[Lieutenant's name was] Parent

On 9-11-65 while on duty at the evening of 9-11-65 at the area on South Portsmouth, I

[Rest of the text is partially illegible or obscured, with some words and phrases discernible but not complete enough to confidently transcribe the full text]

The document appears to be a UFO sighting report from September 1965, with significant portions of the text redacted or blacked out.


- page 78 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Several sections are blacked out/redacted, so I will transcribe the visible text]

Page 1 of Report   9/3/65

[First paragraph mostly illegible due to redactions]

... most of what I said was the same as I had
... and steps of ... the exact ... may have been
... which occurred at ... I assume much to the fold
... distance and ... I know that they may have
... of the ... marked as the ... because in most of the ... as
... in the ... to have a ... in the field.

[Next paragraph partially visible]

... about seeing ... told to the ... were one ... (?) ... a USAF
... physical ... of ... who were during ... the ... sighting if
... I was ... here ... and ... who became ... in the
... after ... closest ... during the ... week. If they
... I was ... by ... in ... ... were ... anchorage I
... had ... to ... over the ... a ... of when. I have the
... and ... look ...

[Next paragraph partially visible]

To ... Officer Headquarters and ... both the
... and ... were ... and ... areas and questioned residents
... how ... ... ... ... that ... ... areas were
... and ... as ... ... ... after ... also came to the
... ... ... several ... ... of the ...

[Bottom of page has several more redacted/illegible sections]

The document appears to be a report from September 3, 1965, related to a UFO sighting, with significant portions redacted.


- page 79 -

Some text appears to be illegible or blacked out in the document. Here is the text I can clearly read:

[First paragraph is mostly illegible]

[Middle paragraphs have some legible text but many words are unclear or blacked out]

The last few paragraphs appear to mention "Portsmouth, N.H." and seem to be discussing some kind of report or investigation, but significant portions are obscured or illegible.

The document appears to be a typewritten report with some sections intentionally redacted or blacked out, making a complete transcription impossible.


- page 80 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Note: Several sections are blacked out/redacted, so I cannot read those parts]

The document appears to be a typewritten report with multiple paragraphs. Some legible text includes references to times like "2:55 AM" and a location of "Kensington, N.H." However, due to the extensive redactions, I cannot provide a complete transcription of the text.

The document looks like an official report, possibly from a government or military source, with a structured format typical of investigative documents from the 1960s. The page is a black and white scanned document with typewritten text and several large black redaction marks obscuring portions of the text.


- page 81 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

UFO Report 9/3/65

[Large portions of the text are obscured by black redaction marks, making many sections illegible. The visible text appears to be part of a report about a UFO sighting, with fragments of sentences describing movement, lights, and an object. Some words like "Route", "field", "object", and "lights" are partially visible.]

The document appears to be a typewritten report with significant portions blacked out, making a complete transcription impossible. The visible text suggests it is a detailed account of a UFO encounter, but the specifics are largely redacted.


- page 82 -

UFO SIGHTING DIGEST
LFO Report - 9/3/65

[The document appears to be a log or report of UFO sightings with times, locations, and brief details. Some text is partially obscured or blacked out. The visible entries include:]

Time EDT
1. Unidentified woman observer    Route 150, Spring to Exeter, NH    12:30 AM
                                                                    11:00 AM
                                                                    12:25 AM

2. (Police) Eugene F. Bertrand    Route 150, Kensington NH          12:25 AM
   (Exeter Police Department)     Russell Dining properties

3. (Police) David R. Hunt         Route 150, Kensington, NH         12:35 AM
   (Exeter Police Department)     Russell Dining properties

   Route 25/201 Bypass, Exeter NH                                   3:30 AM
                                                                    Early AM

[The rest of the document contains additional text, but significant portions are difficult to read clearly due to image quality and potential redactions.]


- page 83 -

Here is the text from the document:

SUBJECT: UFO REPORT - EXETER, N.H. AREA - 3 SEPTEMBER 1965

DATE: 15 SEPTEMBER 1965

TO: PROJECT BLUEBOOK, USAF

FROM: RAYMOND B. FOWLER, NICAP INVESTIGATOR

CONTENTS: NEWSCLIPS
UFO REPORT SUMMARY SHEET
SIGNED UFO DATA SHEET - PATROLMAN JONES
SIGNED UFO DATA SHEET - PATROLMAN BERTRAND

MOST RESPECTFULLY SUBMITTED,
[Signature]
RAYMOND J. FOWLER
NICAP FIELD INVESTIGATOR, SUBCOMMITTEE


- page 84 -

SUBJECT: UFO REPORTS

CONTENTS: (1) UFO Report - Addendum II and III
Kensington, New Hampshire - 9/3/65
Bertrand - Hunt - Muscarello

(2) UFO Report
B. Derry, New Hampshire - 8-28-65
Doone - Walton

DATE: 3 October 1965

FROM: Raymond E. Fowler
Chairman: NICAP Massachusetts Subcommittee

TO: NICAP                                   cc. PROJECT BLUEBOOK

Enclosed are Addendums to the 9-3-65 Kensington, N.H. UFO Report. One Addendum is a copy of the 10-2-65 issue of "Saturday Review" which carried a write-up on our investigation.

Enclosed is a strange UFO report. Ordinarily I would write off such a report as misidentification of a conventional aircraft but there were enough puzzling facts in this report to clarify it as a probable unknown case by the witnesses is accurate. The configuration of the 9 objects involved are totally different from any conventional aircraft. I have studied - UFO or conventional aircraft. I would be most interested to know if UFOs with a configuration of this type have been reported before. If they have been, it would confirm the accuracy of the sighting account.

Sincerely,
Raymond E. Fowler
NICAP Investigator


- page 85 -

The image appears to be a very faint or poorly scanned document page. Most of the text is illegible or not visible. There are some very faint traces of text at the top of the page, but I cannot confidently read or transcribe them.


- page 86 -

SUBJECT: ADDENDUM UFO RPT-97/65 - WESTENTO, N.H.
DATE: 17 SEPTEMBER 1965
FROM: RAYMOND E. FOWLER
      CHAIRMAN, NICAP MASS. SUBCOMMITTEE
TO: PROJECT BLUEBOOK
     ATIC - FTD

ATTACHED IS AN ADDENDUM TO SUBJECT REPORT SUBMITTED
PROJECT BLUEBOOK 15 SEPTEMBER 1965.

[Signature of Raymond E. Fowler]
RAYMOND E. FOWLER
CHAIRMAN
NICAP, MASSACHUSETTS


- page 87 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH AIR FORCE (SAC)
WESTOVER AIR FORCE BASE, MASSACHUSETTS 01022

DOOTO
SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: AFSC ( TDEW/UFO )

1. In reply to your letter, same subject, 16 Nov 65, and telephone conversation between SMSgt Heffley, 8AF, and Sgt Moody, Hq AFSG, on 19 Nov 65, the following information is furnished.

2. Big Blast "Coco", a SAC/NORAD training mission, was flown on 2 - 3 September, 1965. By 03/0430Z, the operational portion of the mission was complete and participating aircraft were enroute to their home stations.

3. Ten B-47 aircraft from Pease AFB were involved in Big Blast "Coco" and were estimated to arrive at their initial approach fix (Pease TACAN 320° Radial, 10 DME fix), between 03/0442 and 03/0532. The town of Exeter is within the traffic pattern utilized by Air Traffic Control in the recovery of these aircraft at Pease AFB, N.H. During their approach the recovering aircraft would have been displaying standard positioning lights, anti-collision lights and possibly wing and landing lights.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
Major, USAF
Director of Operations


- page 88 -

NOTES

Noted sighted by crew of
aircraft at Exeter, New Hampshire
on 2 Sept 65. Sighting occurred
while in flight at 35,000 ft.
Witnesses were pilot, copilot
and navigator.

All witnesses concurred
about basic characteristics
of the observed sighting
of the object.

Each flight occurred
round in shape.

[Note: The rest of the text is too illegible to confidently transcribe.]


- page 89 -

SEPT. 17, 1966 OBSERVATION
4:45 - 6:45 AM EDT

THREE LIGHTS
MERGING

ANGLE OF TILT OBJECT
ASSUMED AT ONE TIME

ELONGATED
VERTICAL
OBJECT

GLOWING OUTLINE
OBSERVED
EXTENDING
FROM OBJECT

FULL SCALE SKETCHES

SKETCH DETAILS FURNISHED BY MR. & MRS. MACGILVARY

OBJECT OBSERVED
NEAR RIVER WHICH
DISAPPEARED BEHIND
ISLAND.


- page 90 -

Here is the text from the document:

18. Was the object:
    a. Self-luminous?
    b. Dull finish?
    c. Reflecting?
    d. Transparent?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion?

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
    a. Pinhead     d. Nickel     g. Orange
    b. Pea         e. Half dollar  h. Grapefruit
    c. Dime        f. Silver dollar  i. Larger

    Or, if easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)?

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view?

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a piston or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude.

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterward? If so, please elaborate.

26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s).

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on this hemisphere sketch:

28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view, the direction of its course over the area; roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area?

31. Have you seen another object of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.

32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date, if possible) regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. We will return the material to you.

33. Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the name and rank of the agent, his office, and details as to where and when the questioning took place.

34. Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss this incident? If so, were any reasons or official orders mentioned? Please elaborate.

    We would like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please check the appropriate box below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, for our own confidential files. Thank you for your cooperation.

    You may use my name: ( )
    Please keep my name confidential: ( )

35. Date of filling out this report:

The document appears to be a UFO sighting report form with various questions about an observed unidentified flying object.


- page 91 -

Here is the text from the document:

18. Was the object —
    a. Self-luminous?
    b. Dull finish?
    c. Reflecting?
    d. Transparent?

19. Did the object) rise or fall while in motion?

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
    a. Pinhead
    b. Pea
    c. Dime

    d. Nickel
    e. Half dollar
    f. Silver dollar

    g. Orange
    h. Grapefruit
    i. Larger

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)?

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view?

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a photon or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude.

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterward? If so, please elaborate.

26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s).

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? (Marked with a hemisphere sketch)

28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any.

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing: North; your position; the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view; the direction of its course over the area; roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area?

31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.

32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date, if possible) regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. We will return the material to you.

33. Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the name and rank of title of the agent, his office, and details as to where and when the questioning took place.

34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This section will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, for our own confidential file.
    You may use my name: ( )
    Please keep my name confidential: (√)

35. Date of filling out this report: 15 6 66    Signature: [redacted]

There are also some handwritten notes in the margins, but they are partially illegible.


- page 92 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP. After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use another sheet of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name [redacted]
   Address [redacted] Rd. [redacted] 01932
   Place of Employment [redacted] date list
   Occupation [redacted]
   Education High School
   Special Training Military Service

2. Date of Observation 11/11/64
3. Locality of Observation 3.E
4. How long did you see the object? 1 Hours 30 Minutes Seconds
5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky; i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc. [partially illegible]
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you. [blank]
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? Yes, moon 9:40 p.m. visible
8. Were there more than one object? If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement. [partially filled out]
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, etc? [partially filled out]
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? [partially filled out]
11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. [partially filled out]
12. Did the object(s) — [multiple checkboxes partially filled]
    a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? No
    c. Give off smoke? No
    d. Give off light? Yes
    e. Leave any trail? No
    f. Drop anything? No
    g. Appear stationary? Yes
    h. Change shape? No
    i. Change color? No

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind, of anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc. if possible. [partially filled]
14. Was there any wind? [partially filled]
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windowpane, storm window, screening, etc? Yes — What? Looked like a bright white light that we were watching
16. Did the object(s) have any sound? No — What Kind? — How Loud? [blank]
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) —
    a. Fuzzy or blurred.
    b. Like a bright star.
    c. Sharply outlined. The description was just like a bright white


- page 93 -

During the observation period, two bright lights were observed above the beach moving toward the vertical light. These spots were about the size of peas and moved with a skipping motion, sometimes fast, sometimes slowly. They came together at the top of the vertical object, but as they joined, there appeared to be three lights instead of the original two. These lights then left the large object from time to time, ranging low over the water, disappearing at times behind the hills at C Crane's Beach. One object, elliptical in shape, dark except for a faint glow that revealed its outline, moved low over the water toward the house and disappeared behind a small island in front of the house. Mr. and Mrs. MacGilvary never did see the object leave, but they didn't go out to the island the next day to investigate nor did they go to Crane's Beach to look for tracks.

Mrs. MacGilvary did call the Coast Guard the next day to see if there were helicopters flying that morning looking for the cruiser that had disappeared that week. The answer to her question was that nothing was flying at that time.

The night was clear with no wind. The moon was not visible but stars were. It was about half tide and the water appeared to be quite calm. However, although both parties involved said they heard no noise from the objects, they did say they could hear very clearly a sound similar to surf breaking on the shore.

Mr. and Mrs. MacGilvary were both most cooperative, indicating they would be glad to discuss any details in the future if necessary.

Respectfully submitted,

H. W. Eismann
NICAP Subcommittee Investigator
Cedar Hills, Route 1
Byfield, Mass. 01922


- page 94 -

October 7, 1966

NICAP Massachusetts Investigating Subcommittee

Mr. Raymond E. Fowler
13 Friend Court
Wenham, Massachusetts

Dear Ray:

The following report concerns the sighting of September 17, 1965, by Mr. and Mrs. R. MacGilvary, 30 Island Park Road, Ipswich, Mass.
My interview was held last night, October 6, 1966, at which time I spent two hours with both parties who gave me the following story and filled out the attached forms. The witnesses appeared to be serious, intelligent and curious people who had been something unusual and wanted some confirmation that they hadn't been seeing things.

The following narrative is as I piece together the story and it fills in the information not recorded on the report forms. Also attached is a sketch of the object drawn by myself.

On September 17, Saturday morning at approximately 4:45AM Mrs. MacGilvary awakened with a coughing spell. She got up to get a drink and noticed a light in the "crane's Beach" area, which is opposite their home, about one-half mile distant, and in a south easterly direction. She called her husband who joined her. In a few moments and one-half hours observing the activity, both from inside the house as well as through open windows on their porch.

The object first sighted was an elongated, cigar shape object standing on end on the beach near the world's edge. It glowed with a golden, white light, sometimes dim and then bright enough to see the sand around the base. It appeared to tilt to about a 60° angle from the vertical at times but they never did observe it leaving the area. It just appeared to disappear as it became light outside. One feature of this object was what appeared to be a dotted line effect extending from the middle to the ground at about a 45° angle. The description indicated what might be considered a ladder leaning against the object. The height of the object from the house appeared to be about 60' which would relate to something like 15-20 feet tall at that distance. This object was observed for over one hour.


- page 95 -

This image appears to be a map of the greater Boston area and surrounding regions in Massachusetts. Some visible city/town names include:

Boston
Lowell
Lawrence
Gloucester
Bedford
Burlington
Medford
Winchester
Quincy
Framingham
Lynn

The map shows various roads and geographical connections between these locations. There is a small boxed area on the right side of the map, and the map includes compass orientation markings. The map appears to be a black and white or grayscale document, likely from an official report or document.


- page 96 -

UNIDENTIFIED DATA BY GROUND BASED SOURCES

SITE SPECIAL

SUN         - Rises: 6:26 LT NNE
VENUS       - Rises: 3:24 LT ENE
MARS        - Rises: 3:41 LT ENE
JUPITER     - Rises: 12:37 LT ESE

SCOPE AND BACKGROUND REVIEW - SITE (Hqts to most LCDC at DOF

BACKGROUND
- Coast Guard not aware of any - Description does not add 214
SATELLITE   - USNO II passage over area 12:43 at LDT 21° W/SN-NE -
             - Time and Description does not add
DO          - Object no or other sand illuminating beach - Title not
SIGHTED/    - Nearest searchlight illuminable does not add overall
PHENOMENON   - Description. Land area in question does not add
             - Closest to carrier. Wide swing for sighting two a light
             - From a Pherson possible but would not exclude overall

EVALUATION

Ordinarily Venus would be a prime suspect but Venus was not so close the
horizon at the time. The time of sighting does not add to a solution
of the problem. The land area in question does not add to a solution
in a broad sense.

The sighting timed like many other UFO cases to object on a
to point as a most decisive or less time is made possible

1/2 mile = 1920'   
1/4 mile = 960'    
1/8 mile = 480'    
Altitude = 1.2     

Sightings = 50%    
would add = 5.0    

CHARACTERISTICS - Cylinder/Oral typical UFO variations - Vertical/
tilted cylinder typical 50% generation of similar oral evidence - Sighting

A true length of the sightings could not be determined from available
data. The best estimate is 30-50' in length. Sighting was of a
phenomenon, including Venus, is at 50. All sightings of the horizon


- page 97 -

Here is the text from the document:

7 Oct. 62

Thompson Road, Hampton, NH

one

She reported seeing a triangular shaped object as she looked west at night at 8:25pm. The object was blue green in color with no flashing lights. There was no noise associated with it. In and around aircraft or helicopter.

Strange, large shaped object.

3000 feet


- page 98 -

Mr Eugene F Bertrand Jr
Mr David R Hunt
Exeter Police Department
Exeter, New Hampshire

Gentlemen,

The sighting of various unidentified objects by you and [illegible] was investigated by officials from Pease Air Force Base, New Hampshire, and their report has been forwarded to our office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. This sighting at considerable publicity through night of 2 September has been given magazine articles and similar to that from the Saturday Review of Information. This article is attached for your Investigations. Information was released by the National Investigations has been a private organization with no connection with the government. As a result of these articles, the Air Force has received inquiry as to the cause of this report.

Our investigation and evaluation of this sighting indicates a possible association with an 6th Air Force operation, "Big Blast". In addition to aircraft from this operation, there were five b-47 type aircraft flying in the area during this period. Before our use to know if either of you witnessed any aircraft in the area during this time period independently or in connection with the objects observed. Since there were many aircraft in the area at that time, and there were reports of unidentified objects from the personnel engaged in this air operation, we might then assume that these might have been associated with this military air operation. If, however, these eliminate this air operation as a plausible explanation for the objects observed.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

1 Atch
Article "Saturday Review"


- page 99 -

Here is the text from the document:

11 September 1965

2045 hrs

One

West of Dover, N.H.

It went up and down, back and forth.

40,000 feet


- page 100 -

13 Sept 65

Mr. [redacted]
Spring Street, Contocook, NH

1

Its bright red lights there were not flashing and moving very slow and disappeared... When the lights changed to red and white flashing, it turned a flip in mid air...

Close near of town, NH

While driving along route 93 it turned and drove near him, shape was round...

5,000 to 5,000 feet from him.

[Note: Some text appears to be partially cut off or obscured, so I've transcribed what is clearly legible.]


- page 101 -

13 Sept 55

10 and 12 Sept 55
Greenland, N.

House wife

Mrs. age 70, two daughters ages 13 and 10.

Changed colors from yellow to orange to gray, then black then
disappeared.

x


- page 102 -

1 Sept 65

Director of Scientific
Plans Air Force Unit—
Potomac, M. H.

Dear Sir,

Please refer to my letter dated 9 Sept 65.
I thought perhaps you would have a reply for
me. I am interested in this matter scientifically.
I would like to know if these objects are from
Russia, United States or elsewhere. Also, what
are they and what is their purpose? If the
United States Air Force can't give me an answer,
then surely I ask who can or will? Please
direct me to the proper authorities.

As an American and tax-payer, I feel
that I am entitled to an explanation regarding
my letter of 9 September 65. Thank you for
your time I would appreciate an answer.

Sincerely,
[Signature area blacked out]
E List, NJ area 03703


- page 103 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(2)

and at times turning on and off lights.
at 3 A.M., these 3 objects were all stationary
in the sky at North-North East.

Sir, I know this must sound fantastic
to you. But I know-what I saw and
no one can tell me "it's all in my head."
I have never seen anything like this in
my whole life. I wish only that there could
have been an official from the Air Force
Base with me to witness all the last
night.

Perhaps there is a logical explanation
of this. On 23 August, I sighted an object in
the sky South-South West, I wrote to the
Commanding Atent of Place A.F. Base but I
never reevt an answer.

Sincerely,
Mrs.
E Lnt, Mann. 03403


- page 104 -

Here is the text from the document:

Lt. Alan Brandt
Information Officer
Tech. Air Trng. Bur.
Peterworth, N.H.

7 Sept 65

Dear Sir,

There were 3 objects in the sky last night, 8 Sept, and I would like to know if you might have an explanation of these objects. They were not airplane, stars or water balloons.

Object number 1 was spotted at 9:30 pm at West-Southwest, flashing red, green and yellow lights, remaining stationary. Another object appeared along side or near it and moved the path, with a strong yellow light.

Object no. 3 was in the North-North East and flashed red, green + yellow lights, remaining stationary. At 10:20 pm, then 3 objects came together at North-North East. All 3 objects turned off their lights, everything was total darkness for a minute or so. Then the lights came on again. The 3 objects traveled together, roughly North.


- page 105 -

9 Sept 65
9:30pm

one

Flashing red, green and yellow lights, remaining stationary, another object appeared along side of near it and moved the North, with a steady yellow light. Object was in the North-North East and flashed red, green & yellow lights, remaining stationary.

[Note: Some text appears to be redacted/blacked out in the document]


- page 106 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

4 Sept 55

[Partially redacted text, appears to include names]

1

oval, football-shaped, with red "and other" lights at about 204 to 2500 hrs.

[Note: Some text appears to be redacted or blacked out, and the bottom portion of the page is mostly blank]


- page 107 -

Mr. [redacted]
Wenham, Massachusetts

AFSC - PTD
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Attention: PROJECT BLUEBOOK


- page 108 -

CC: PROJECT BLUEBOOK

[Most of the text is too illegible to read clearly. There is a signature at the bottom that appears to read "Raymond B. Fowler".]


- page 109 -

-2-

We would both appreciate it very much if you would help us eliminate the possible conclusion that some people have made in that we might have A) made up the story, or B) were incompetent observers. Anything you could do along this line would be very much appreciated, and I'm sure you can understand the positive way in.

We appreciate the problems the Air Force must have with a lot of irresponsible reports on this subject, and don't want to cause you any unnecessary trouble. On the other hand, we think you probably understand our position.

Thanks very much for your interest.

Sincerely,
Pdt. Eugene F. Bertrand Jr.
Pdt. David R. Hunt


- page 110 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

MANCHESTER (N.H.) UNION LEAD - Monday, September 6, 1965

Reports Chew
At (2), a.m. Norman J
Muscarello, 18, of 235 Front
St., Exeter, came into the police
station with a hair-raising report of having been chased by a
flying object as he was hitchhiking towards Exeter on Route
108.

Police, Civilians Sight
'UFO' in Exeter Area

Muscarello told Desk Officer
Reginald Toland that as he
walked along the highway, he
began brilliant object began
making passes on an adjacent
field and house and along the
highway. Not knowing what it
was and being understandably
shaken, he said he was sitting
along the road at the object
could not be determined in the
glow, made what seemed to
him to be searching passes at
him.

EXETER - At least five as this are reported, the sighting saucers including two police as take place over a period of
officers and several civilians of time Friday morning.
ing saucer in this area.

The landing or hovering of a
flying object, it was about the
size of a house and had a red
glow around it, and moved
slowly through the night.

Shortly thereafter the "thing"
disappeared silently, as quickly
as it had appeared. Muscarello
then hitched a ride to the police
station and related what he had
seen.

When Exeter police investi- was the complete absence of the
gated, one of the most amazing police. Then he kicked around
points which Officer Bertrand about 12:30 investigating after
made was the intense interview building a brilliant glow about
of the "thing" in the complete the size of a house in a nearby
absence of the police and said he had farm and found some farm
that he had seen a saucer animals in the barn.
about 12:30 investigating a
Another Sighting
nearby farm building casting a
brilliant glow about the size of Officer Eugene Bertrand's rethe size of a house, and he port of a strange object's sighting
reached the car and found "no was similar to Muscarello's.
women in a state of near shock."
According to the women, Officer Bertrand then went to
the barn and looked around until they stopped.

Although Muscarello's story
was extraordinary, Patrolman
Bertrand drove him back to the
scene of the incident in the
police cruiser. When they arrived, nothing was there.

Officer See UFO
Officer Hunt said that they
were walking last night and
that they saw a light that was
seen, and they were joined
there by Exeter Patrolman
David Hunt, who also drove to
the scene. Bertrand was talking
reassuringly when Muscarello
shouted "Look, there it is."
Behind those trees. The officers then looked.

From behind a stand of trees
in the black of the night, a huge
blinding glow of brilliant red
light surrounded it, the object
traveled slowly and was
slightly from side to side. They
were stunned by the blinding
red light as it moved towards
them across the field. The
object seemed to be coming
toward them and Bertrand
made a move toward his police
car, but then it seemed to look
better of it. Then the three men
ran to the police cruisers. When
questioned on the size of the
object, Officer Bertrand estimated it to be "about the size
of a house."

Usually, when incidents such

FUEL OIL
13.9 per
Gallon
CASH OIL CO.
432-4191


- page 111 -

UFO DATA SHEET                                                Page one

(This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give as much information as possible concerning the "Unidentified Flying Object" that you have observed.) Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.

Investigator: National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena
Raymond S. Fowler
113 Friend Court
Wenham, Massachusetts

1. When did you see the object?
   3       7       1965
   DAY    MONTH    YEAR

2. Time of day: 2     MINUTES
   (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time zone (Circle One): a. Eastern
                           b. Central
                           c. Mountain
                           d. Pacific
                           e. Other

   (Circle One): a. Daylight
                 b. Standard
                 Time

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   [Blackout area]    KENSINGTON    N.H.
   Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or Country

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
   HOURS    10    MINUTES    SECONDS

6. Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to question 5:
   a. Certain    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure    d. Just a guess

7. What was the condition of the sky?
   (Circle One): a. Bright daylight    d. Just a trace of daylight
                 b. Dull daylight     e. Trace of daylight
                 c. Bright twilight   f. Don't remember

8. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   N/A    a. In front of you    c. To your right    e. Overhead
          b. In back of you     d. To your left     f. Don't remember


- page 112 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. if you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice
8.1 STARS (circle o.e): a. None
                        b. A few
                        c. Many
                        d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (circle o.e):  a. Bright moonlight
                        b. Dull moonlight
                        c. No moonlight-dark
                        d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle o.e): a. Yes    b. NO    c. DON'T REMEMBER

10. If it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight appearing to be? (CIRCLE ONE BELOW):
    a. A mile or more away?(a distant car)
    b. Several blocks away?
    c. A block away?
    d. Several yards away?
    e. Other? BRIGHTER THAN NEON LIGHT AT CLOSE RANGE

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question.)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?   Yes   NO   DON'T KNOW
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   Yes   NO   DON'T KNOW
    c. Break up into parts or explode?   Yes   NO   DON'T KNOW
    d. Give off smoke?   Yes   NO   DON'T KNOW
    e. Change brightness?   Yes   NO   DON'T KNOW
    f. Change shape?   Yes   NO   DON'T KNOW
    g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?   Yes   NO   DON'T KNOW

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One): Yes   NO   DON'T KNOW    If you answered yes, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    Yes   NO   DON'T KNOW   (Circle One)
    If you answered yes, then tell what it moved in front of:

14. Did the object appear (Circle One): SOLID   TRANSPARENT   DON'T KNOW

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses   Yes   NO    d. Hi-dow glass   Yes   NO    g. Other
    b. Sun glasses   Yes   NO    e. Binoculars    Yes   NO
    c. Windshield   Yes   NO     f. Telescope     Yes   NO


- page 113 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. SOUND    NONE
    b. COLOR    RED

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label a.d. include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and a specially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place a. arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

    [Handwritten diagrams with "RED LIGHTS FLASHING" and directional arrows showing West-East movement]

18. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    e. Other LIGHTS WERE SO BRIGHT THEY CREATED A HALO

19. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, add an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

    [Handwritten notation "N/A"]

Page 3 is noted at the top of the document.


- page 114 -

Here is the text from the document:

29. Draw a picture that will show the motion, the object or objects made. Place a "N" at the beginning of the path a "N" at the end of the path and show a "Y" changes in direction during the course.

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its lowest dimension. N/A Feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects "held" in. the "a" at about arm's length?
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin    g. Silver dollar
               b. Pea             h. Baseball
               c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
               d. Nickel          j. Basketball
               e. Quarter         k. Other
               f. Half-dollar

22.1 CIRCLE ONE of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to question 22.
      a. Absolutely certain    c. Not very sure
      b. Fairly certain        d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
    DROPPED BELOW TREE LINE

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like you to imagine that you could construct the objects that you saw. Of what type MATERIAL would you make it? How LARGE would it be, and what shape would it have? Describe it. Your own words a common object or objects which, placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

N/A


- page 115 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located hen you saw the object? (Circle One):
    a. Inside a buildi.g
    b. In a car
    c. Outdoors
    d. In a airplane
    e. At sea
    f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One):
    a. In the business section of city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In open countryside?
    d. Flying near a airfield?
    e. Flying over a city?
    f. Flying over open country?
    g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
    Went to pass list 18 year old boy

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following question:
    28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One):
        a. North    b. East    c. South    d. West    e. Northeast    f. Southeast    g. Southwest    h. Northwest

    28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________miles per hour
    28.3 Did you stop at any time while observing object?
        (Circle One): YES    NO

29. What direction were you looking when you FIRST SAW the object? (Circle One):
    a. North    b. East    c. South    d. West    e. Northeast    f. Southeast    g. Southwest    h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you LAST SAW the object? (Circle One):
    a. North    b. East    c. South    d. West    e. Northeast    f. Southeast    g. Southwest    h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
    31.1 When it first appeared:
        a. From true North _______degrees
        b. From horiz. _______degrees

    31.2 When it disappeared:
        a. From true North _______degrees
        b. From horiz. _______degrees


- page 116 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

12. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon. (skyll) "B" where you FIRST saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place a "A" at the position the object was when you FIRST saw it, a "B" at its position when you last saw it. (Refer to smaller sketch as a example of "how" to complete the larger sketch.)

33. Were there any kilowatt aircraft in the sky during your sighting? (Circle one)
    Yes    No

If you answered Yes, was it following or attempting to intercept the United States tified flying object: (Circle one)    Yes    No

If you answered Yes, please circle TYPE of aircraft:    MILITARY:    COMMERCIAL:    PRIVATE:    JET:    PROPELLOR

How many engines did the aircraft have? _____


- page 117 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS(Circle One)
    a. Clear sky
    b. Hazy
    c. Scattered clouds
    d. Thick or heavy clouds
    e. Do.'t remember

34.2 WIND(Circle One)
    a. No wind
    b. Slight breeze
    c. Strong wind
    d. Do.'t remember

34.3 WEATHER(Circle One)
    a. Dry
    b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Snow
    e. Do.'t remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE(Circle One)
    a. Cold
    b. Cool
    c. Warm
    d. Hot
    e. Do.'t remember

35. Who did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Official or Organization Name(s)    Desk Officer Exeter P.D.
                                    Officer Island

36. Have you read literature pertaining to Unidentified Flying Objects?
(Circle One) YES    NO    If YES, how much? (Circle One) A LITTLE

37. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) YES    NO
37.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) YES    NO
37.2 Please list their names & addresses if you circled YES:
(Attach separate sheet for above)

38. Was this the first time that you had seen an object(s) like this?
(Circle One) YES    NO
38.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances
did you see the other one(s)?

39. In your opinion, what do YOU think the object(s) was and what might have caused it?
    DO NOT KNOW


- page 118 -

Here is the text from the document:

40. Do you thi k you ca estimate the speed of the object? Page 8
(Circle One) Yes NO
If you a swered Yes, thu. what speed would you estimate? MPH

41. Do you thi k you ca estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes NO
If you a swered Yes, the how far away would you say it was? 1000 FEET

42. Did the Object(s) cause any interference with the operation of:
(Circle where applicable) RADIO? TV? LIGHTS? OTHER? NONE
IF you u.dertiled a y of above, explai. the interference below:

43. Was a photo taken of the Object(s)? (Circle One) YES NO
Would you be will i g to submit a copy? (Circle One) YES NO
(If you circled Yes, please se.d copy i.dicati.g notary real turse.ot:

44. Do you belong to a y Organization Which investigates Unidentified
Flying Objects? (Circle One) YES NO If Yes, list them below:

45. May we publish your report if name is kept co fidential? YES NO
May we publish your report a d use your name? (Circle One) YES NO

47. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADD
Street Exeter City N.H.
State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job? POLICE OFFICER
AGE 26 SEX MALE
Please indicate a y educational training you have had: (Number of years)
a. Grade school 8
b. High school 4
c. College
d. Post graduate
e. Technical school
f. Other special training:

48. Sig. Date: 9/11/65


- page 119 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In a airplane
e. At sea
f. Other ________________

26. Were you? (Circle One):
a. In the business section of city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ________________

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
(Called to server to assist other)

28. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete this following question:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One):
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour

28.3 Did you stop at any time while observing object? (Circle One): YES    NO

29. What direction were you looking when you FIRST SAW the object? (Circle One):
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you LAST SAW the object? (Circle One):
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (a gular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees
b. From horizon ____________ degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North ____________ degrees
b. From horizon ____________ degrees


- page 120 -

Here is the text from the document:

December 2, 1965

Hector Quintanilla, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
Wright Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

We were very glad to get your letter during the third week in November, because as you might imagine we have been the subject of considerable ridicule since the Pentagon released its "final evaluation" of our sighting of September 3, 1965. In other words, both Ptl. Hunt and myself saw this object at close range, checked it out with each other, confirmed and reconfirmed the fact that this was not any kind of conventional aircraft, that it was at an altitude of not more than a couple of hundred feet, and went to considerable trouble to confirm that the weather was clear, there was no wind, no chance of weather inversion, and that we were seeing was no illusion or military or civilian craft. We entered this in a complete official police report as a supplement to the blotter of the morning of September 3 (not September 2, as your letter indicates). Since our job demands to secure and an activity to tell the officials frankly our position, we were naturally disturbed by the Pentagon release which attempted to belittle our sighting. In addition, the release implied that the area was "rife with balloons" and "was under investigation." What is a little difficult to understand is the fact that your letter, "undoubtedly" approved by the Pentagon release, since your letter says that you are still in the process of making a final evaluation, seems that you are a little inconsistent here. Ordinarily, this wouldn't be too important except for the fact that in a situation like this the are probably very reluctant to be considered irresponsible in our official report to the police station.

Since one of us (Ptl. Bertrand) was in the Air Force for four years engaged in refueling operations with all kinds of military aircraft, it was impossible to mistake what we saw for any time of military operation, regardless of altitude. It was also definitely not a helicopter or balloon. Immediately after the object disappeared, we did see that probably was a July at high altitude, but it bore no relation at all to the object we saw.

Another fact is that the time of our observation was nearly an hour after 2100 AM, which would eliminate the 8th Air Force operation Big Blast, since as you say took place between 2000 and 2100 AM. Who first reported this object before we went to the sight, someone in the vicinity of 2 AM, but nearly an hour had passed before he got into the police station, and we went out to the location with him.

[Page number 102 appears at bottom right]


- page 121 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place a "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show a "y" change in direction during the course.
No change in direction
or angle

21. If possible, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
N/H Feet.

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects "held" i.e. the hand at about arm's length?
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
g. Silver dollar
b. Pea                 h. Baseball
c. Dime                i. Grapefruit
d. Nickel              j. Basketball
e. Quarter             k. Other:
f. Half-dollar

22.1 CIRCLE ONE of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to question 22.
a. Certain             c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain      d. Uncertain

Compared to a base distance of 2½ - 4 miles

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
Dropped be-
low tree line

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you say, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type MATERIAL would you make it? How LARGE would it be, and what SHAPE would it have? Describe in your own words a construction object or objects which, placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 122 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell i... a few words the following things about the object:
    a. SOUND        None
    b. COLOR        Red

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include i.n your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wing, protrusion, etc., a a specially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

    -WEST-                                                 -EAST-

    (two or three                                          Tree line
    Red Lights, Flashing
    to bright)

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred                      Other Lights were so
                 b. Like a bright star                     bright they created a
                 c. Sharply outlined                       Halo effect

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged and a put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

    Two or three Red Flashing
    Lights moving on Horizon East to West
    at about 45° angles


- page 123 -

Page 2

8.1 STARS (circle one):   a. None
                           b. A few
                           c. Many
                           d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (circle one):    a. Bright moonlight
                           b. Dull moonlight
                           c. No moonlight-dark
                           d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
   (Circle one):   a. Yes   b. NO   c. DON'T REMEMBER

10. If it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that
    of a. automobile headlight apparently to be? (CIRCLE ONE BELOW):
    a. A mile or more away? (a dist. at car)
    b. Several blocks away?
    c. A block away?
    d. Several yards away?
    e. Other? Brighter than headlights at close range

11. Did the object:
    a. Appear to stand still at a time?   Yes   No   DON'T KNOW
    b. Suddenly speed up a run away?      Yes   No   DON'T KNOW
    c. Break up to parts or explode?       Yes   No   DON'T KNOW
    d. Give off smoke?                     Yes   No   DON'T KNOW
    e. Change brightness?                  Yes   No   DON'T KNOW
    f. Change shape?                       Yes   No   DON'T KNOW
    g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?         Yes   No   DON'T KNOW

12. Did the object move behind something at a time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One):   Yes   No   DON'T KNOW   If you answered yes, then
    tell what it moved behind: [blank]

13. Did the object move i.e. in front of something at a time, particularly
    a cloud?
    (Circle One):   Yes   No   DON'T KNOW   If you answered yes, then
    tell what it moved in front of: [blank]

14. Did the object appear (Circle One):   Solid?   Transparent?   DON'T KNOW

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   d. Window glass   Yes   No   g. Other:
    b. Sun glasses  Yes   No   e. Binoculars     Yes   No
    c. Windshield   Yes   No   f. Telescope      Yes   No


- page 124 -

UFO DATA SHEET

Page one

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give as much information as possible concerning the "Unidentified Flying Object" that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permit.

Thank you very much for your cooperation in this matter.

Investigator: National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena
Raymond E. Fowler
13 Friend Court
Waltham, Massachusetts

1. When did you see the object?
   DAY    MONTH    YEAR
   3      7        1965

2. Time of day:
   (Circle One): 2     55    A.M. or P.M.
                 HOUR  MINUTES

3. Time zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
                            b. Central
                            c. Mountain
                            d. Pacific
                            e. Other

   (Circle One): a. Daylight
                 b. Saving Time
                 c. Standard
                 Time

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   Kensington     N.H.
   Postal Address                City or Town       State or Country

5. Estimate how long you saw the object:
   HOURS    MINUTES    SECONDS

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to question 5:
    a. Certain     c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   (Circle One): a. Bright daylight    d. Just a trace of daylight
                 b. Dull daylight      e. No trace of daylight
                 c. Bright twilight    f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    a. In front of you    c. No your right    e. Overhead
    b. In back of you     d. To your left     f. Don't remember


- page 125 -

Here is the text from the document:

40. Do you thi nk you ca n estimate the speed of the o bject?
(Circle One)                 Yes                 NO
If you a swered Yes, the what speed would you estimate?________MPH

41. Do you thi nk you ca n estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)                 Yes                 NO
If you a swered Yes, then how far away would you say it was?    100   FEET

42. Did the Object(s) cause any i terference with the operation of:
(Circle where applicable)    RADIO   TV   LIGHTS   OTHER:   NONE
If you u dealed a y of above, explain the i terference below:

43. Was a photo take n of the Object(s)? (Circle One)   Yes    NO
Would you be willing to submit a copy? (Circle One)   Yes    NO
N/A    If you circled Yes, please send copy indicating monetary rei bursement.

44. Do you belong to a y Organization which i vestigates Unidentified
Flying Objects?     (Circle One)   Yes    NO    If Yes, list them below:

45. May we publish your report if you name is kept co fidential?   Yes    NO
May we publish your report a d use your name?             (Circle One)   Yes    NO

47. Please give the following i formation about yourself:
NAME:                                 First Name                Middle Name
ADDRESS                 Street        EXETER                   City        N.H.     State
TELEPHONE NUMBER

What is your present job?   POLICE OFFICER
AGE   32                 SEX   M
Please i dicate a y educational training you have had: (Number of years)
a. Grade school         8       e. Technical school
b. High school          4       (Type of)
c. College                      f. Other special training
d. Post graduate

48. Signature:   Eugene E Bertrand    Date:   9/11/65


- page 126 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS(Circle One)
    a. Clear sky
    b. Hazy
    c. Scattered clouds
    d. Thick or heavy clouds
    e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND(Circle One)
    a. No wind
    b. Slight breeze
    c. Strong wind
    d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER(Circle One)
    a. Dry
    b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Snow
    e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE(Circle One)
    a. Cold
    b. Cool
    c. Warm
    d. Hot
    e. Don't remember

35. Who did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Official or Organization Name(s)   DESK OFFICER EXETER P.D.   Day 3   Month 9   Year 65
                                   OFFICER TOLAND

36. Have you read literature pertaining to Unidentified Flying Objects?
(Circle One) YES   NO   IF YES, how much? (Circle One) A LITTLE/MODERATELY/EXTENSIVELY

37. Was a you also with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) YES   NO

37.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) YES   NO

37.2 Please list their names and addresses if you circled YES:
(Attach separate sheet for above)

38. Was this the first time that you had seen an object(s) like this?
(Circle One) YES   NO

38.1 If you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see the other one(s)?

39. In your opinion, what do you think the object(s) was and what might have caused it?
DO NOT KNOW


- page 127 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

12. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon. (akyll) (e) when you FIRST saw the object. Curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon. (skyline)

13. In the following larger sketch place a "A" at the position the object was when you FIRST saw it, and a "B" at its position when you LAST saw it. (Refer to smaller sketch as a example of "how" to complete the larger sketch.)

20.1 Were there any known aircraft in the sky during your sighting?
(Circle One): Yes NO

If you answered Yes, was it following or attempting to intercept the Unide tified Flying Object? (Circle One): Yes NO

If you answered Yes, please circle TYPE of aircraft:
MILITARY: COM CIVIL PRIVATE JET PROPELLER

How many engines did the aircraft have: _______


- page 128 -

STATEMENT
UFO Sighting

I, [redacted] was hitchhiking on Rte. 150, 3 miles South West of Exeter N.H. at 0200 hours on the 3rd of September. A group of five bright red lights appeared over a house about 100 ft. from where I was standing. The lights were in a line at about 60 degree angle. They were so bright they lighted up the area. The lights then moved out over a large field and acted at times like a floating leaf. They would go down behind the trees or behind a house and then re-appear. They always moved in the same 60 degree angle. Only one light would be on at a time. They were pulsing 1,2,3,4,5,6,3,5,2,1. They were so bright I could not distinguish any form to the object. I watched these lights for about 15 minutes and they finally disappeared behind some trees and seemed to go into a field. At one time while I was watching them, they seemed to come so close I jumped into a ditch to keep from being hit. After the lights went into the field I caught a ride to the Exeter Police Station and reported what I had seen.


- page 129 -

STATEMENT
UFO Sighting

I, David R. Hunt, at about 0255 on the morning of the 3rd of September, received a call from Patrolman Bertrand to report to an area about 3 miles South West of Exeter, N.H. Upon arriving at the scene I observed a group of bright red lights flashing in sequence. They appear to be about 1 mile over a Field to the South East. After observing the lights for a short period of time, they moved off in a South Easterly direction and disappeared in the distance. The lights appeared to remain at the same altitude which I estimate to be about 100 ft.

DAVID R. HUNT
Patrolman


- page 130 -

STATEMENT
UFO Sighting

I, Eugene F. Bertrand Jr., was cruising on the morning of the 3rd of September at 0100 on Rte. 108 by-pass near Exeter N.H. I noticed an automobile parked on the side of the road and stopped to investigate. I found a woman in the car who stated she was too upset to drive. She stated a light had been following her and had stopped over her car. I stayed with her about 15 minutes but was unable to see anything.

I departed and reported back to the Exeter Police Station where I found [illegible]. He related his story of seeing some bright red lights in a field. After talking with him awhile I decided to take him back to where he said he had seen the lights. When we arrived I parked the patrol car and turned off the lights. There was nothing unusual in the area. Mr. [illegible] and I got out of the cruiser and started walking into the field with a flashlight. When we had gone about 50 ft. a group of five bright red lights came from behind a group of trees near us. They were extremely bright and flashed one at a time. The lights started to move around over the field. At one time they came so close I fell to the ground and started to draw my gun. The lights were so bright I was unable to make out any form. There was no sound or vibration but the lights were upset in the area and making a lot of noise. When the lights started coming near us again, Mr. [illegible] and I ran for the car. I also observed Patrolman David Hunt who arrived in a few minutes. He also observed the lights which were still over the field but not as close as before. The lights moved out across the field at an estimated altitude of 100 ft. and finally disappeared in the distance at the same altitude. The lights were always in line at about 60 degrees angle. When the object moved the lower lights were always forward of the others.

EUGENE F. BERTRAND JR
Patrolman


- page 131 -

