Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE, TIME GROUP: 19 Jan 65, 00/0000

2. LOCATION: Georgetown, South Carolina

3. SOURCE: Civilian

10. CONCLUSION: AIRCRAFT
Probable A/C. No unidentified tracks reported. Tracks were probably F-106 A/C from 20th Air Force, Myrtle Beach, S.C. Radar tracking and visual sighting identified as A/C.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2-3

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Two bright objects about 7-8 miles above ground approaching from SE over Georgetown. Radar picked up "G" turn and then went back out to sea. No sound. Doppler radar showed objects caused TV interference.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: [No text in this field]

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: Unrecovered

8. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes [X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [ ] Yes [X] No

Form: FTD SEN 63 0-519 (TDB) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Partially filled in, but text is not fully legible]

2. Time of day: [Blank]
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
            b. Central
            c. Mountain
            d. Pacific
            e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Address portion is blacked out]
City or Town: [Blank]           State or County: [Blank]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? [Blank]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes [Blank] No [Blank]

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                             NIGHT
    a. Bright                       a. Bright
    b. Cloudy                       b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember

F-TO 164 164     This form supersedes F-TO 164, 1 Jul 45, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edge of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change in size?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object, a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw this object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                                 Georgetown, S.C.
                                        City            Zone    State
TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE            SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?
    Day             Month             Year


- page 5 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:                Day         Month         Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The rest of the text appears to be partially obscured or illegible, with some words visible but not fully readable. A handwritten note at the bottom appears to read "Hq CC James" and something else that is not fully clear.]

The page is numbered "Page 7" at the top right corner.


- page 6 -

