There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various fields filled out.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 17 August 1965 18/04/02
2. LOCATION: Trenton, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Over 2 Hours, Still in Sight
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text in the form of a U.S. Air Force technical information document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
The information contained on this questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force the details of your unidentified aerial observation. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you furnish will be used in connection with any other reports that may have been received about similar observations, and it may be that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
17 DAY AUG 65 YEAR

2. Time of day: 
2330 - CY
(Circle One): A.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): 1. Eastern
2. Central
3. Mountain
4. Pacific 
5. Other

4. What was the shape of the object?
[REDACTED]

5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)
MINUTES

5.1 How was the object's motion determined?
Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
YES

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. NIGHT
b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To your right
c. Behind you
d. To your left
e. Don't remember

PTO OCT 27 1964 TEC-U.S. AIR FORCE INFORMATION

- page 2 -

There is no photograph or image present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. This appears to be a form or questionnaire with several multiple-choice questions and checkboxes related to the sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

8.1 STARS (Circle One): None / A few / Many / Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): Bright moonlight / Full moonlight / No moonlight / Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): Clear sky / Hazy / Scattered clouds / Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): Dry / Fog, mist, or light rain / Moderate or heavy rain / Snow / Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): Solid / Transparent / As a light / Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): Brighter / About the same / Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: (no response)

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): Fuzzy or blurred / Sharp or clear / Flickering light / Other / Don't remember

13. Did the object appear to stand still at any time? (Circle One for each question):
Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes / No / Don't know
Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
Give off light or color change? Yes / No / Don't know
Move erratically? Yes / No / Don't know
Disappear or reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with questions about an observed UFO.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
/10

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): YES (NO) Don't know. IF you answered YES, it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES (NO) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Pz - Loud
b. Color: Changing - orange - amber - green - blue

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object is covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment, what would the result have been?
Result: Completely covered

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch of the object that you saw, such as color, directions, and especially show trails or cigar-shaped formation.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Drawing: Boomerang in shape - orange - amber - green - blue - cigar - shaped formation - fast - moving

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document or report, possibly related to UFO sightings or investigations. The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or form with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

21. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _______ miles per hour

22. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One)   Yes   No

23. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____ feet / miles

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour 
24.3 Did you see the object while you were looking at it the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a sketch diagram and text. The diagram shows an illustration of an object in the sky and a compass rose, along with instructions for the viewer to imagine a scenario and draw the motion of the object.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "x" on the sketch: in high altitudes, show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline); in low altitudes, show where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Veinctureleis or Veit urtes a ritiitl up and down short darting frnqendy. 

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or date and location.
No

Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, do they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 39 SEX: F
[REDACTED]

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
No

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The text on the page includes a questionnaire with questions 34 and 35 visible, but the response area is blank.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    17    Day    Mar.    

YEAR     Yes

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questions on this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

