Here is the text from the document:

FRO: (TORN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45431
24 November 1965

My
Oxford, Ohio

Dear

Your letter to of Dayton RARCON has been forwarded to
our office for additional reply. A check with our records
indicates that there were no unidentified returns reported
from this area on 5 November 1965. As indicated, there
are a great number of aircraft, both civilian and military,
operating throughout the Miami Valley area.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 1 -

Dayton RAPCON
P. O. Box 112
Fairborn, Ohio

November 13, 1969

Oxford, Ohio

Dear Mr [redacted]

We have checked our records of November 5, 1965 and find we have no information regarding unusual type activities in the Dayton Area that evening.

Our control positions normally scan the area within 33 nautical miles of Patterson Field. As Oxford is slightly beyond this distance we would not normally be looking at that area unless for some special reason we were operating on extended radar range. Another factor which makes the post identification of a particular aircraft quite difficult is the considerable amount of air traffic operating in and traversing the Dayton Area, a large percentage of which we have no information. Our controllers would not normally be concerned with traffic of this type except to issue it as traffic advisory information to the aircraft which we are controlling.

I am forwarding your letter to the Unidentified Flying Objects Office of the Foreign Technology Division here at Patterson Field. They may be able to shed some further light on this for you.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]
Arvid H. Bide
Chief, Dayton RAPCON

cc: Reading File
CLS-700
DSEN
File no. 1210-6
AHSide/bwm/Dayton RAPCON/70042


- page 2 -

Oxford, Ohio
Nov. 8, 1965

Mr. Amid E. Eide, Chief
Dayton Beacon Radar
Approach Control Center
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

My name is [redacted], a student at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. Last Friday, I spotted three reddish-white objects flying in a southwestern direction. I wondered whether or not you might have picked them up on our radar. A full report of this event is given on the next page.

I would really appreciate it, if you would reply whether or not an airplane or some other aircraft flew over Oxford, Ohio at 7:46 P.M. I did my best to give you an accurate report. I hope that this will be of value to you in anyway possible. This observation of mine took place Friday, November the 5th, 7:46 to 7:50 P.M. of this year, 1965.

Sincerely,
[signature redacted]


- page 3 -

Flying Saucer Report

While walking down College Avenue after visiting a friend on my way to where I live off campus, I casually looked up towards the sky and noticed three reddish-white objects almost twice as big as a star in size. At first, I thought that they were stars, but then I noticed that they moved. I looked at my watch and it was 7:46 P.M. They moved at the pace of an airplane, and I told myself that they were huge airplane lights, but I observed that I could not hear any plane engines at all. So I kept on looking at them. I tried to see a silhouette of an airplane, but I could not. This was an exceptionally clear night with a full moon, and these objects passed to the right of it. The objects were more reddish in appearance at the outer edge and appeared more whitish in appearance at the center. There was no sharp differentiation between red and white. It was a blend of both colors. These three objects moved in a southwestern direction flying in perfect formation with no deviance whatever. The date, which I forgot to mention earlier, was Tuesday the November 5th, 1965. The following is a drawing of the formation of the designated objects:

[Diagram showing three circular objects in a line]

The object designated B appeared to take the lead with A behind it, and object C looked to be farther away from both A and B. I estimated that they were at a 65 or 70 degree angle from where I stood. They moved at a slow pace, which gave me time to observe them. These objects disappeared from my sight at 7:50 P.M. The intensity of light was the same for all three objects and was about twice as bright as a star. They looked to be approximately 600 feet from the ground and in size appeared like a softball 100 feet from the ground.

Concerning the weather condition, the moon was perfectly clear. There were no clouds in the sky or in the general vicinity. The temperature was in the high fifties, about 57 degrees. There was no wind and the air was calm. The following is a profile of the arched movement across the sky and the size of the objects in relation to the moon:

[Diagram showing a curved line and circular objects]

Oxford, Ohio
Phone: [redacted]
College student


- page 4 -

