The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a database of UFO sightings investigated by the United States Air Force.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 2 January 66 4/0330Z
2. LOCATION: Pennsylvania, Virginia and New York 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3-10 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: 320°
8. PHOTOS: 0 Yes X No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes X No
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (METEOR)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observers saw a blue-white light traveling at a very high rate of speed. The object left a blue-white trail behind it. One observer stated that it made a hissing sound. One observer watched it detach a small-like mass.
The Quadrantid meteor shower reached its peak activity on 3 Jan.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various multiple-choice and open-ended questions about the sighting of a UFO.

Text extracted from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Hazy, b. Bright, c. A few, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: [Handwritten response]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember
Other: [Handwritten response]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Hover? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, with various text questions and fields to be filled out.

The text found in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The object kept on going, got smaller and smaller.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: The object appeared to be moving gradually further away and got smaller until it could no longer be seen.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: The object was visible against the sky, and moved gradually further away until it could no longer be seen.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Noiseless
b. Color: Dull white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? All

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(A simple oval-shaped sketch is provided.)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports from the United States Air Force.

The text in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, than what speed would you estimate? 2600 3

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5-10 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-wide?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 15 miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

None

- page 4 -

