PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
7 Dec 66     8/0515z

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 hours

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual Tx

7. COURSE
Erratic movements

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

2. LOCATION
Denver, Colorado     three witnesses

10. CONCLUSION
Astro(Sirius) Very prob. - ✓ Jnst
At the time of the sighting Sirius was on an azimuth of 123 degrees and at an elevation of 14 degrees.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched a star like object larger than a star perform erratic movements in the eastern part of the sky.
The objects size and brightness was amazing, for if another star was the size of a pin tip, this object would be the size of the pin head. It was about five to 10 times brighter than a regular star. Object could have been a star, but the observer said that he did not think it was a star.

The description is consistent with that of an astronomical observation. Sirius would have been fairly low on the horizon and would have been the brightest astronomical body in the sky.

FORM
STD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Denver, Colorado   7 Dec 66

Proposed reply to letter from [redacted]   30 December 1966

Dear [redacted]:

Reference your letter of 30 December 1966 regarding your observation of an alleged flying object over the Denver area. A study of the information which you submitted for your 7 December 1966 observation was undertaken and revealed that you probably observed the star, Sirius. The description, size, brightness, movements, etc are very consistent with that of an observation of that particular star. Sirius, with a stellar magnitude of approximately -1.5, is the brightest star visible in the heavens.

When stars are viewed low on the horizon the observer is looking through many more miles of the earth's atmosphere than when looking at stars overhead. The earth's atmosphere actually acts as a prism, which in effect causes the incoming rays of light to be broken down into the various colors of the spectrum. In technical terms this phenomena is called scintillation. The closer the stars are to the horizon, the more they scintillate, simply as mentioned above, because we are then looking through a thicker layer of air. The most beautiful scintillation of all is that of the bright star, Sirius, which is visible in the winter months rather low in the sky. Planets scintillate late for less than stars.

From the information submitted it does appear that Sirius was observed. The Air Force has received several reports during the months of November and December describing similar observations such as yours.

[Signature]   20 Feb 67


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

In all occasions, we feel that Sirius was observed.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

2


- page 3 -

Project Blue Book Dept. Office
Washington, D.C. 20390

Dear Sirs:

I have written a report which may be an Unidentified Flying Object. I would like to know your opinion about my report. I am twelve years old.

Yours truly,
[Signature redacted]
Denver, Colo. 80220


- page 4 -

Dec. 20, 1966
10:21 p.m.

Have seen "fire" again. Am convinced it managed or maneuvered artificial satellite object or air or spacecraft. Have seen viewed by my mother and myself many times and always eye agreed on its wobbling movements (attached paper)

#1: Up and down movement, back to original place; #2: somewhat same as tone, but indirect move to org. place; #3: over few inches, then back again; #4: jerky movement, over, and swiftly back to org. place.

Have thought of flying squares, intelligent life from other planet, science fiction, etc., but always after seeing object moves state of first sighting: Dec. 7, from 10:30 pm to 12:05 am. Mother and father saw it still me both saw it move, we all three went outside to look at it. I compared it with other stars in sky, specially stars of Big Dipper. Here are actual facts of first sighting.


- page 5 -

I apologize, but the text on this page appears to be handwritten in a cursive style that is extremely difficult to read with certainty. While the writing is clearly present, the script is so dense and stylized that I cannot confidently transcribe the text without risking significant errors. The document appears to be a handwritten report or statement, but the specific contents are not legible to me in this image.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

It is about 7 supplementary inches above moon, and 3 inches to right (measured window). 
- 3 inches - OBJECT

OBJECT STAR

Object travels as much as 6 inches in one time

dark part of moon noticed

ARROWS SHOW OBJECT'S MOVEMENT
OBJECT

The document contains several hand-drawn diagrams showing the movement and positioning of an object relative to the moon and a window.


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SAF-OICC/Mrs Cassel/op/7907)/15 Mar 67

MAR 15 1967

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Reference your letter regarding your December 7 observation of an alleged flying object over the Denver area. A study of the information which you submitted was undertaken and revealed that you probably observed the star, Sirius. The description, size, brightness, movements, etc., are very consistent with an observation of that particular star. Sirius, with a stellar magnitude of approximately -1.5, is the brightest star visible in the heavens.

When stars are viewed low on the horizon the observer is looking through many more miles of the earth's atmosphere than when looking at stars overhead. The earth's atmosphere actually acts as a prism, which in effect causes the incoming rays of light to be broken down into various colors of the spectrum. This phenomenon is called refraction. Another phenomenon, relating to variations in light intensity, is known as scintillation (twinkle). The closer the star is to the horizon the more they scintillate because we are then looking through a thicker layer of air. The bright star, Sirius, which is visible in the winter months rather low in the sky scintillates, and the light rays from this star under these conditions can take on various hues.

From the information submitted it does appear that Sirius was observed. The Air Force received several reports during November and December describing similar observations. In each reported case we feel Sirius was observed.

Thank you for reporting your sighting to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]

[Bottom of page contains routing/coordination information]


- page 8 -

