PROJECT NO. 10073

1. DATE GROUP    62150
2. LOCATION      Media, Penna, Lynne    (1 witness)

10. CONCLUSION
    INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
    Observers watched an egg shaped bright white light move slowly toward west per ground. The 14 sec. old house was or was not near ground. The site was that of an old truck and its shape was that of a saucer out edge. The object was moving at about 5-10 miles per hour.

    The sighting occurred in the vicinity of the Philadelphia airport. The description is consistent with that of the intensity of aircraft lighting.

3. PHOTOS    □ Yes
            □ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE    □ Yes
                        □ No

FORM    FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Media, Pennsylvania
28 November 66

12/1/66

Dear Blue Book,

My mother saw a U.F.O. but feels she ridiculous about writing this and became she never believed in them.

It was on November 28, 1964 a Monday, the time of day was about 5:15 P.M. E.S.T. (this) U.F. stayed appeared approximately 200 yards above my mother. (The duration was about one minute. We were white and did not make all over, it drifted gently or make 2 way sound. It was always level with the ground. The size was the size of an oil truck. I was total non-believer until now. She was at that of a stretched out long. Its estimated speed was about 6-10 miles per hour. The weather was not sleepy cloud over. Clifford range the distance will allowed to take off (from the Philadelphia in town) airport...) My mother's emotional state (after the sighting was real and there) diary. My mother wishes no publicity.

Suing near Media, Penna. Alt. Rylina near Rockdale Road, Nether Providence Township near Media.

If you would like to know the name of the normal roadway the sighting...


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Could find it what you see. Sincerely Yours

My friend
My mother

P.S. Please write what you think of it.

P.S. at dusk. all lit-white.

The car in front of me made a sudden right turn up the side street to follow it. He didn't have his turn signal on - but when this UFO appeared he quickly turned off in the direction "it" was proceeding. I am sure he saw it too, but I didn't turn as I was leaning down to watch it out my left hand window.

It was definitely not a plane or like anything I've seen before. - B.B.

There is also a hand-drawn sketch of an oval/elliptical shape with radiating lines around it in the center of the page.


- page 3 -

Text found in the image:

MEDIA
DEC 9
1966
PA

AIRWAYS
ZIP CO


- page 4 -

