The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document detailing a UFO sighting report.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
June 66 0310Z
2. LOCATION
Easton, Penna.
(multiple)
3. SOURCE
Civilian
10. CONCLUSION
(other) INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Varied
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
* SEE CASE
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
Varied
8. PHOTOS
[] Yes
[X] No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[] Yes
[X] No
FTD FORM 33 6-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Easton, Pennsylvania 18042
21 August 1966

In reference to your letter of 10 August 1966 requesting information concerning your observation in June 1966, and regarding your request for investigation as to the stimulus which caused this observation, it would be extremely difficult for our analysts to establish a valid conclusion as to the actual date and time of the incident due to the lack of specific information.
If you could furnish additional information which I trust will answer your questions, it will be greatly appreciated. If you desire to report your observations in more detail, you may do so by completing the attached FID Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF 
Chief, Project Blue Book

Attachments:
1. Summary
2. FID Form 164

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a typed letter or report from Project Blue Book Headquarters at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio, dated August 10, 1966.

The text of the document is as follows:

August 10, 1966

Project Blue Book Headquarters
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base 
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

I would like to report a sighting of an object on a night at the end of June at about 10:10 p.m. My family and I were driving south on route 22 toward Easton, Pa when this object flew slowly over some trees on the right of the road and crossed the road to a field where it banked downward and hovered over a field. The thing passed, in front of the moon about 300 feet and the outline was that of a submarine without a conning tower. There were no fins or wings and that is what made me believe it wasn't an airplane even though there was an airport nearby. There was a white light in the front and rear and two red blinking lights came on as it crossed the road. My mother wanted to stop but the traffic was heavy and she couldn't. The side of the road was dark. I never thought of remembering the date.

That isn't the main reason I've written. What are the results of the investigation of the Presque Isle Park sighting where picnickers saw a UFO with tripod legs land. I understand a Maj. William S. Hall of Youngstown, Ohio, Air Force Base investigated and took plaster casts of the indentations on the beach attributed to the tripod legs. Was the sand firmly packed by the weight of the object or what was discovered? From the Associated Press photo, it appears to be about two feet in diameter and maybe four inches deep. What could have made this indentation?

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. I will now perform OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text and provide the output:

I've been interested in the UFO era for about three years now and surely there must be something to it all. What I mean is that the sightings made by respectable citizens and even police and law officials should be enough evidence to prove that these things are some sort of spacecraft.

Thank you for your acknowledgement.

A believer,

P.S. excuse the weird looking

Are there any really convincing sightings that make the air force seem to accept the possibility of extra-terrestrial. I didn't think so.

- page 4 -

