PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
12 April 1966 12/0452

2. LOCATION
Dewitt, Arkansas (2 Witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
ESE

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (VENUS) ✓ 
VENUS was at 115 deg azimuth and 15 deg elevation.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted object in SE as he was driving southward. It looked as if there was a bright star. Between the ground and the cloud cover, almost as high as the clouds. It was too far away to notice any sort of shape, and the light from the object was strong and steady. After sun rose I did not see it again. Puzzling factor was that the light appeared between observer and the cloud coverage.

[Handwritten note at bottom: Very poor elevation]

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

TO:
AFSC (FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

REMARKS:
Attached letter from Mr. [redacted] of North Little Rock, Ark., was received in our office yesterday due to a delay in proper routing to our section. Mr. [redacted] letter has been acknowledged.

The 43rd Bombardment Wing here at Little Rock AFB had no comment.

Referred to your office for proper action.

FROM: [signature]
JACK K. DIXON, JR., 2nd Lt, USAF
Ass't Director of Information
825th Strat Acrop Div (SAC)

DATE: 15 June 1966
PHONE: 3311/6211

DD FORM 95 (Replaces DD Form 94, 1 Feb 60, and DD Form 16)


- page 2 -

North Little Rock
Arkansas
May 25, 1965

U. F. O. Investigations Division
United States Air Force
Jacksonville Air Force Base
Arkansas

Gentlemen:

I would like to report the tentative sighting of a flying unidentified object at approximately 4:45 A.M. on the morning of April 12, 1966, near Tichnor, Arkansas. We first saw the object while driving southward from Dewitt on State Highway 130 between 4:45 and 5:00 A.M. Later in the morning, about 6:30, it appeared to be stationary over (approximately) Section 16, RW, T65 - approximately 91°87' longitude and 34°07' latitude.

I am not reporting this as a hoax or for any type of publicity or recognition. Insofar as I know, this should be considered as a reliable source of information. I have been working for the Soil Conservation Service, USDA, as a geologist for 8 years. If you wish to check further, I was in Army Intelligence (ASA) from 1952 until 1955. My serial number was RA14394404. My son, U.S. Navy, serial number 350 78 25, was with me at the time and made the same observations.

We were on our way to LaGrue Bayou for a turkey hunt, and we were both very sober. Driving southward and looking eastward there was a solid cloud cover over that portion of the sky. I suppose the clouds were cirromunus or stratocumulus clouds in a relatively thin, but complete, blanket. Strangely enough, it looked as if there was a bright star between the ground and the cloud cover, almost as high as the clouds. The cloud blanket was very high, and the atmosphere was very clear between the ground and the clouds. We were amazed, the cloud coverage would have obscured the vision of any star beyond the clouds. Later on, when we noticed it again at about 6:30 A.M. it was backed by a smaller separate cirrus cloud.

The main body of the cloud coverage had broken up by that time.

[Signatures and handwritten notes at bottom of document]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

It was bright like a star or a light, but too far away to notice any sort of a shape, and the light from the object was strong and steady. After the sun rose I did not see it again. The light from the object seemed to be somewhat stronger than the light reflected by Venus. The object appeared to be stationary each time we saw it. Had it not been for the cloud coverage behind it, I probably would have dismissed it as an unusually bright planet.

[Name redacted] is presently on duty in the Navy on the U.S.S. Princeton. However, I live in North Little Rock, Arkansas, and would be glad to answer any questions that you may have about this incident. But please - No publicity. I have no idea of the correct way to present this case to you through normal procedure, so I have taken the liberty to report it in this fashion. I do feel that the incident was odd enough to justify reporting it.

Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]

North Little Rock
Arkansas

[Postmark: MAY 26 AM 1966]

NATIONAL
INVESTIGATION ARMY WEEK
5TH WEEK IN MAY

[Postmark: LITTLE ROCK
MAY 26 AM
1966
ARK.]

U.F.O. Investigations Division
United States Air Force
Jacksonville Air Force Base
Arkansas


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
17 April 1966

2. Time of day:
4 45
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Army Site, east of Dewitt
City or Town    Arkansas
State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Approximately 20
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Bulova Accutron wrist watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY             NIGHT
a. Bright        a. Bright
b. Cloudy        b. Cloudy

except for the portion of the sky that had cloud coverage

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight or bright pre-dawn sunlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky with cloud coverage
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Brighter than Venus usually appears.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: It was not close. I observed between cloud coverage in the eastern portion of the sky

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   None
b. Color:   White light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Probably all of it

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)  Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)  Yes    No    I would guess 3 or 4 miles.
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? _________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other: Definitely out open country

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    d. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 40-45 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)  Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes  No    e. Binoculars  Yes  No
b. Sun glasses  Yes  No    f. Telescope  Yes  No
c. Windshield  Yes  No    g. Theodolite  Yes  No
d. Window glass  Yes  No    h. Other: _________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

It looked all the world like a bright star, the only trouble was that it was between myself & the clouds.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
HN- USN
USS Princeton LPHS
U.S. Div.
San Francisco, Calif.
94601

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS   Drive   North Little Rock   Ark.
             City            Zone     State

TELEPHONE NUMBER           AGE   36   SEX   M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Geologist - USDA, Soil Conservation Service
Little Rock, Arkansas
3 years experience as cryptanalyst in Army Security Agency 1952-55,
with security clearances accordingly.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
25     May     1966
Day    Month    Year
U.S. Air Force Base, Jacksonville, Ark.


- page 10 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 26 June 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I believe I gave most of the essential details in my letter to the Air Force which was forwarded to you from the Jacksonville Air Force Base.


- page 11 -

FTD (TECH)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
23 June 1966

North Little Rock, Arkansas 72116
Dear Mr.

Reference your unidentified observation of 12 April 1966.
The information in your letter of 25 May 1966 was not
sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached
FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the
Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 12 -

