The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is an official government investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the image reads as follows:

DATE - TIME GROUP: 5/1/31 2130
LOCATION: Oakland, California
PROJECT 10073 RECORD
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (UNIDENTIFIED?)
4. REPORT OF OBJECTS: 1
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 minutes
7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
8. PHOTOS: 9 Yes - returned 
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 9 Yes
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: 
Object was large, orange and glittery. It was a perfect circle, and did not move in any direction. Observer stated object resembled a perfectly round balloon. Object disappeared by descending in size and brightness.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a report or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 22 September 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
Observed a strange light by the child outside at Stirling field approx. at 9:55 pm station speed 1/2 sec. less than 20 min. duration approximate 2 men canvass a movement - X 135 - 20.
Please return this questionnaire promptly.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

UFTO (LETTER) 
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

Mr. 
Oakland, California 94611

Dear Mr. 

Reference your unidentified observation of 25 August 1966. The information which we received from the Duty Officer is quite sketchy. Therefore, could you find time to send us photographs of the object that you observed on that date? Upon completion of our analysis, we would return your negatives along with the following information is necessary: 

a. Type and make of camera
b. Type, focal length, and make of lens
c. Shutter type (leaf, focal plane)
d. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop 
e. Filter used
f. Was "panning" used
g. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to the ground

Should this supplemental information be unobtainable, the minimum required data consists of the type of camera, and the shutter and lens details. 

Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 to aid our analysts in making a final evaluation.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

ROBERT QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, which is a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may obtain additional details.
1. When did you see the object? 09 Hour 50 Minutes
2. Time of day: (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? ALAMEDA HARBOR CALIF
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day: Bright b. Cloudy
c. Night: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember
FTD OCT 73 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or survey form to be filled out by an observer.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Dull finish, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply defined, d. Don't remember, e. Other (fill in)

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Move slowly or dart rapidly at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke, trail or exhaust? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs or illustrations. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and responses related to a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color BRIGHT, STEADY

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing instructions and diagrams related to reporting sightings of unidentified flying objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Page 6
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED] OAKLAND CALIF
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED] AGE 19 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
THIS IS A REPORT FROM COMMON PAST ABLE. 
BUT NOT DECLASSFIED YET CASE ABLE WAS RETURNED AND IS BEING REVIEWED 
COMMAND POST ABLE WAS THE ARMY SET UP TO GET THE INFO.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a typed letter. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

OCT 9 1967

TDCT/UFO (Maj. Quintanilla/70916/jat/9 Oct 67)
UFO OBSERVATION OF 25 AUGUST 1966
Oakland, California  94611

Dear Sirs:
Enclosed are the negatives of your 25 August 1966 sighting.
Because the negatives of the UFO are so underexposed,photo analysis
is impossible.

However, we thank you for reporting your sighting to the Air
Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

1 Atch
Negatives

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed letter with details about an unidentified observation that was reported. The letter is addressed to "WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, Ohio 45433" and is from "Oakland, California 94611". The letter discusses the unidentified observation reported on August 25, 1966, and provides instructions on the type and make of camera, film, and filters used, as well as the direction the camera was pointing. The letter is signed by George G. Lintiabiilla, Jr. Major, USAF.

The text of the document is as follows:

WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
26 August 1966

Dear Mr. Fell:

Reference your unidentified observation of 25 August 1966.  The information you provided from the Daily Observation Report has been evaluated, and annotations of your photographs indicate they do not directly confirm or deny your observation.

His report also indicated film and filters like those normally used to make a photo analysis.  Your negatives, in making a film evaluation, would be required if you do submit them.  Therefore, I would appreciate it if you could submit your negatives so that we may complete our analysis on your observation.  If you do submit your negatives the following data would be required:

CAMERA:
a. Type and make of camera
b. Brand and type of film
c. Shutter speed used
d. Diaphragm opening used: that is, "f" stop
e. Filters used
f. Lens type and solid stand used 
g. Exact direction camera was pointing in relation to true north, and time exposure was made.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force. 

Sincerely,

George G. Lintiabiilla, Jr. Major, USAF
Officer, Project BLUE BOOK

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object that you have observed. The information that you furnish will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 5 Day 24 AUGUST 1966 Year

2. Time of day: 11:48 Hour 43 minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Oakland California Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Hours 43 Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Fairly certain b. Time estimated c. Not determined d. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Day b. Bright c. Hazy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. Overhead e. To your right f. Don't remember

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The document contains a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object, including questions about the appearance, weather conditions, and behavior of the object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
BLINKING FLASHING AIRCRAFT VEHICLE

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other: _________________________
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Suddenly stop and hover at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DECRASED AND BRIGHT LIGHT 3500-3300 
Witnesses were OAKLAND ,ral ifornig 

14. Did the oboect disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 

DECRASED AND MOVED QUICKLY

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes       No     Don't Know.
If moved behind :____

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes       No     Don't Know.
If in front of : _______

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _NO SOUND
b. Color _WHITE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
2 MINUTES ELONGATION

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label it and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc, and specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Hand-drawn sketch of a circular object with an arrow pointing downward]

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form filled out by an observer of a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No      APPROX 1-2 THOUSAND

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Blank

21. Do you think the object was stationary or moving away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No       Blank

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Blank

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoor d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other  DRIVEWAY

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country side? d. Flying over an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country?     e. FLYING OVER A CITY

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following question:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) Blank
24.2 How fast were you moving? Blank mph
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No 

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One) a. Eyeglasses YES b. Sun glasses YES c. Windshield YES d. Window Glass YES e. Telescope NO f. Binoculars NO g. Theodolite NO h. Other NO

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. A round bright object with varying brightness.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an illustration and diagrams. The illustration shows the path of an object or objects that the observer saw, and the diagram shows a compass for orientation.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you see the object as shown above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show the direction of the object (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Only one object was observed - it was a fast, bright object.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The document appears to be a form filled out as part of a Project Blue Book UFO report. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - MAME REDAOTED
ADDRESS - REDACTED
TELEPHONE NUMBER - REDACTED
AGE - 27 SEX - M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. 
None to report.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
REPORT THE SIGHTING ON APRIL 18

- page 16 -

