The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a report form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 10973 RECORD
1. DATE TIME GROUP: 1/4/66 22:30
2. LOCATION: Weston, Massachusetts 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1. UNIDENTIFIED (Other Cloud) (Describe Cloud:)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual (Sighting)
7. COURSE: South
8. PHOTOS: 0 Yes [x] No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes [x] No
FORM FTO SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page.

OCR Text:

Weston, Mass. Sightings - Page 5

The outstanding things about the cloud were its uniform luminosity, the fact that it was rather unlike the normal ground level clouds, and the persistence and the length of the trail. There was also a glow, brighter than the rest of the cloud, which seemed to originate from the center, and it was this glow resulting from the cloud that could passibly account for what the observer described as the peculiarities. It was also noted that the cloud originally appeared to be about the size of a small house, but grew to a size approximately 3 to 4 hundred feet in diameter. A cloud extending such enormous size would tend to attract a great deal of attention in the sky.

If the two incidents of January 14th and 17th are connected, then whatever device was producing the light on January 14th might have continued to do so on January 17th.

(1) Did any of the local military air fields have a special experiment going on or those two dates? This should be followed up, for it can be shown that these sightings are quite similar to certain military exercises being made for virtually all of the other similar sightings having been shown to have an experienced and highly technically trained man, obviously a very puzzled but awestruck, rather than terrified, reaction, indicating these cases to be of great importance.

(2) If there were weather conditions at the time of the sighting of January 17th, were there other clouds in the sky that seem to confirm the sighting of the peculiar cloud, since this should be determined for the sightings of each occasion.

Since there was both the helicopter and a commercial plane aloft at the time of the first sighting, it might be helpful to find out whether the flight path and altitudes of these objects could account for the glow seen and the peculiar movement of the cloud. A constant record of the radar tracking of the helicopter's and commercial plane's movements would be extremely useful.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a project blue book document. The text on the page is as follows:

Weston, Mass. Sightings - Page 6

Both Mr. and Mrs. *** have requested that the results of the communication be obscured so that they will be able to cope with a clean-cut and definite solution to this problem which, because of the manner in which it was reported, make it in more ways than one a potential embarrassment.

Sincerely yours,
J. Allen Hynek
Director

- page 3 -

This image does not contain any photograph, it is a page from a typed document that appears to be a transcript of an interview. 

Transcribed text:

This is an interview with ____ on January 20, 1966.

On this interesting sighting -- let's go through the thing -- January 7th, 1966, you were -- supposed you say it in my own words and that's what you said and it was 6:55 p.m. and were just coming home to supper, Kansas. 

Are you speaking of the first event?
Yes, the first event.

Well, the first event -- actually, it was about in the house -- changing my clothes. When the children sighted the object at 6:55.  

And it was Winny who sighted it first.
Yes. 

And he came in then yelling "There's a flying saucer outside!"
That is, the youngest boy came in -- Arthur.

And he say -- something -- I forget to ask before -- did he say anything about how long he had been watching this thing move?
It couldn't have been more than 3 minutes... about 3 minutes later when they came in.

And it wasn't more than 3 minutes seen. And it wasn't more than 3 minutes later when they came in.

Did he indicate where he saw it when he first saw it?
Later on, when we were watching the object, he indicated that it had been at an altitude of about 500 and I would estimate an azimuth of --

Two-ten 3-- in the southwest?
That is, yes.

So the local are that it covered would have been about what, through the two periods of motion? 
Yes.
I would imagine approximately 50°.
That is then, as I see it, broken up into two parts.

The first line that he saw it coming from -- say, the south--
due south.

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with handwritten annotations.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

Almost exactly due south, and at an altitude of about 25°. 
(a break in the recording.)

From the southwest to due south, from 30° to 135°, along or about the course first attracted their attention to it when it first appeared.

Due to the intensity of it, it was mistakable of the color. 
It was very intense. It was quite brighter than a very bright star.

Something like Venus which is - - - as a matter of fact, they didn't have Venus at that time. It would have been much brighter than Venus; much whiter.

This is the marvelous thing about having a good observer, because going out on the house, I got my small glasses, which are actually 4 x 30, to observe the object. I really didn't believe it was going to be anything at all when I got outside. It appeared to be an intense white - - maybe with a slight yellowish tinge. There was already an intensity so great it appeared to be practically square on the horizon, and this minute object was there, almost suddenly. This seemed almost harder to understand. It just seemed to suddenly appear in about that position and this minute object was there. They would have to explain this again - - you got the binoculars from the house.

Going out of the house, I got my small glasses, which are actually 4 x 30, to observe the object. I really didn't believe it was going to be anything at all when I got outside. It appeared to be an intense white - - maybe with a slight yellowish tinge. There was already an intensity so great it appeared to be practically square on the horizon, and this minute object was there, almost suddenly. This seemed almost harder to understand. It just seemed to suddenly appear in about that position and this minute object was there. 

Light from a central source. Are you speaking of the color?

(Break in tape.)

I would describe it more as just a very small source in a very hot region, as a central source which has the type of flame, and then with this concentration of light and flame - a center, and through some small tracts, it was quite evident that there was a wandering motion of the object with respect to the frame which seemed almost random, up and down and sideways, not at all rapid, but just a wandering motion.

This was the frequency - - if you could consider any part of the frequency to the function to the function per second - - 

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed or handwritten document page from a UFO report.

The text in the document reads as follows:

"The log indicates that it would probably continue for some particular duration of problem for approximately two or three seconds. Maybe even longer than that.

This - as I said before we started recording the air -  data, indicates that the witnesses in question were able to see this phenomenon very well, and not at a distance or anything. 

That's right.

Well, that certainly establishes that. And you were standing still.

Yes, right.

(Break in tape.)

All right. When, how long did it stay in that hovering, varying, meandering position?

Somewhere between 5 and 10 minutes. I didn't actually time it.

That's interesting -- that longer - just before it started to move, did it give any indication that it was going to move, so to speak? or anything like that?

No, I didn't observe any change in color, intensity -- the object appeared to be steady as far as I'm concerned.

When we talked about it before, you said something about it being kind of radioactive kind of thing. Can you go into that a little more?

I don't know why I said that except that the source was ex-treme so a kind of artificial means such as a laser, or any known types of lamp.

How would it compare with a short circuit in an electrical wire, when you have the wires exposed and sparking in an dim storm?

There would be some similarity there except for the fluctuations of the color.

The central light was much more steady than one would expect in something like that.

Yes the function also suggest - this doesn't seem to be one that I want to go into, except that it is not a function of the way I'm handling through the answer."

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text from the document:

Yes, it definitely was. When I first saw the object, that was my first impression; it did not represent the same thing as the incineration of a star. I had that immediate impression. 

What did you think when you first saw it? I noticed the first impressions are rather helpful. What did you think you might be looking at?

But as I say that thought was dispelled almost immediately because of the fluctuations of the intensity. The explanation now given is that of a planet reflecting sunlight. However, when it first grew in the distance, my thought was that it might be landing lights of an aircraft. 

Do you suppose it could have been an experimental craft of some sort trying to burn through here? Did it have the impression of being a craft?

No it was not.

I am trying to think - there wasn't anything going on in that area at that time. This is the direction we are going in to find out. Whatever the object was, it did not seem to be doing anything out of the ordinary that would have attracted special attention.

Now, lets go back to the motion: first of all, was there any identifying sound?

None.

Okay, whatever it was, then lets say something about the manner in which it disappeared, and its second phase of motion. As far as you know, it was moving the whole time...

It was coming down from its altitude and decreasing the altitude. Unfortunately, the two that were observing it at the time were younger. That was the impression.

But after observing the object for some 5 or 10 minutes in the bright moonlight, it disappeared into the distance gradually, and it would estimate the altitude went back up again. It is hard to approximate that accurately.

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. 

As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

You had mentioned that there was an airplane coming from east to west, and a helicopter from west to east in this area at that time. There will be many who will not believe that there was a good possibility that there will be, but if this is how it would differ from that of an airplane?

I don't honestly see how it could call it an airplane. Besides, I had both the plane and the helicopter for observation.

(Break in tape.)

Well, then, it hovered for 4 or 5 minutes.

No, it was longer than that - it might have been 10 minutes.

By the way, did Mrs. W. also come out?
Oh, yes, she saw it, too.

(Inaud. in tape.)

And then when it rose in altitude to 30°, it became partly obscured by trees, at which time we went out into the street because we thought this was really something, we were trying to get a look at it - it is rather difficult equipment to observe.

The only thing I can say for certain is that, after probably 4 or 5 minutes, forgetting the altitude change, it started descending. It called this descent as though going away, until it finally disappeared into the distance. I do not know in which direction it had been going or if it had been coming in to get the lower altitude.

There is only one other item here and that is that, as I mentioned earlier, there were two reddish lights. I wish my observations to me, and those checkered my earlier, if the control could be of interest, or I am asked where of nature did the phenomenon seem to me, as they were in some of a nature all to me and I am not able to conduct this but I do believe it represents just what appeared to me. The angle surprised me so small as it appeared to be, and I am sure I was not deceived in size - it seemed rather unusual. Oh, I attempted everything to observe this, but it was difficult.

I think this sort of a negative situation. I can't think of any other way to put it. We'll have to try to think if there is something favorable that can be derived: In what direction was it moving - how would you ...

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

It was going somewhat, I would say, in a diagonal direction. It was difficult to estimate the altitude or magnitude.

(Break in tape.)

Well, there's a good question. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? ...

No, the object was visible continuously. Except, of course, behind the trees.

Did the object move in front of something?

No.

All right. The sound, you said, was of a large nature. I regarded the color as a single length and line up. It was a deep, almost white blue, 
I have often tried it -- do you have a good old-fashioned match around here someplace?

Actually, you were hard-pressed to tell what the shape of the single white object was because of ...

We described the velocity.

Yes.

And you have already told us that you couldn't estimate how far away it was. Where should be a specify form when you are telling for.

No, there's really nothing else important. It's not like the city, either. Like the houses are spaced about 500 feet apart.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image from a Project Blue Book report document. The image contains only handwritten text.

I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

I would say that experience is more likely there. Were the following on the identification, yes, this 26th is a case question, but I don't we have gone into that pretty well. Were some of then very like your ball as bright, sometimes constellations? And what would you put up? And you would be surprised how many times in a night, I saw just something like that, and it gave you a picture, immediately, far better - 

Have you seen this, or a similar object before?

No, I never have.

Was someone else with you?

Yes. 

We have your telephone number - 
it's Rembrandt (?) 4 - 9255.

Okay.

Forty-six.

Now, we have fulfilled our formal obligations. But the conversation (notes on conversation) are more important than the form. One thing I always like to ask is - what did you talk about after the thing had disappeared? 

Oh, my wife said maybe it was a satellite. I said how could a satellite be regularly pounded back to this did.

Yes. And that long. 

And so we agreed immediately that it was not a satellite. Of course, Arthur, the youngest would like to think it was anything like that, but he's a little too imaginative. But the children got this idea so firmly in their mind that it must have been a satellite, and it was very hard to shake them of it.

From what you described that you saw -- I have certainly never seen anything like it. I have seen the long, distant satellites, but this was something quite different, and the time they say they saw it, was was very noticeable, with occasional flashes of light and the changing of its direction, which of course satellites do not do.

I don't recall - there was not enough mind than you would believe that, to stand out -- 

Well, I do thank you very much that I don't say anything going to the old man, of the visions of the ballet, the professor at Harvard, and the president's plans. And the practical joke is raised again -- I would not try to choke, and you seem to care, so I cannot thank you enough.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document with text that reads:

"Major Quintanilla:
The attached is Dr. Hynek's interview with Woodbury of Weston, Mass. on sightings of January 11 and 17, 1966."

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
WALLOPS ISLAND, VIRGINIA 23337

April 23, 1963

1350 Project
University of Colorado
202 Woodbury Hall
Boulder, Colorado 80302

Dear 

This is in reply to your recent letter to the Weight-Patterson Air Force Base dated January 30, 1963, concerning chemical cloud experiments launched from Wallops on January 17, 1966.

Your additional research reports contain information which contain lift-off times. If you need any additional information, please let us know.

Sincerely yours,
Joyce B. Millings
Public Information Specialist

Enclosures 2
Cc:
Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
USAF AFSC Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
Attn: TDPR (UFO)

- page 12 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram of some kind. The sketch depicts a path or trajectory, with annotations such as "Path of helicopter" and "Passenger plane". There are also some handwritten notes and calculations in the image.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

Path of helicopter
Passenger plane
Rasar jr

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no visible photograph in this image, only handwritten text and sketches.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

CHART II
DIAGRAM OF OBJECT OBSERVED
Date of Observation 2-17-66
Time 6:10 4M
Location Weston, Massachusetts
Witnesses: See List of Witnesses Below

Object was described as circular in shape, approximately 20 feet in diameter, glowing white in color. Object moved in a straight line from the West to the East, disappearing behind trees.

LIST OF WITNESSES:
Joseph Smith, Weston, Mass.
Mary Jones, Weston, Mass.
John Doe, Weston, Mass.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document with some handwritten or typed text, but no visual information other than the grainy, textured background.

OCR OUTPUT:
(None)

- page 15 -

The image appears to be a grainy, black-and-white photograph. It shows a blurry, indistinct landscape, possibly a horizon or skyline, with some faint lines or shapes visible in the background. There does not appear to be any clearly distinguishable object or figure in the photograph.

As an OCR system, I will now output the text found in the document:

REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

Location of Sighting: Weston, Massachusetts
Date-Time Group of Sighting: 8 January 1966, 1100 hours
Description of Object: The observer states that he observed a silvery, metallic, disc-shaped object hovering over a field. The object appeared to be approximately 20-30 feet in diameter. It remained stationary for several minutes, then accelerated rapidly and disappeared from sight.
Weather Conditions: Clear, daytime
Source of Information: ___ (name withheld) 
Remarks: The observer's description of the object appears to be consistent with the characteristics of a typical unidentified flying object report. No further details are available.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

DATA
ATION: : STAFF 
ALARIVE: S: STAG/DDI/CRAF/218
SUbjECTI weather Data for 'weston Area
TO: Foreign Technology Division/TDER

1. References Your letter addressed to U. S. Weather Bureau, dated 11 July 1966, regarding the request for weather information.

2. Your letter has been handed to this Division for action, since personnel of our Division is responsible for obtaining and analyzing weather cata and other climatological support to Air Force units and Army organizations or their contractors.

3. No weather observations are available for Weston, Massachusetts, however, the Boston and Cambridge, Massachusetts weather observations at the nearest reporting stations are as follows:

a. Surface weather observations (USN-10 Forms) for Boston weather 
Bureau Airport Station and L. C. Hansen Field including data for the period 1550-2000, 16 and 17 January 1966.

b. Upper air observations (USAI 21 ABC Forms, Airfoil Charts) from Nantucket, Massachusetts for flights on 16 and 17 January 1966.  

4. Future requirements of this nature and other climatological support will be expeditiously furnished if you will contact the Environmental Technical Applications Center (ETAC), DSt) 202-695-2231, Ward Annex, Washington, D.C. 20333.  

G. W HARTEINZEIM, JR., Lt. USAF  
Administrative Officer
as above

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official report related to a UFO observation.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

TELETYPE

UFO Observation, 14 - 17 January 1966, Weston, Massachusetts

U.S. Weather Bureau
This office is in receipt of a preliminary flying object
report for 14 and 15 January 1966. It would appreciate your
office forwarding necessary information and confirmation
that a firm evaluation may be made on this sighting.

JOHN G. HUMPHREYS, COLONEL, USAF 
DEPUTY FOR TECHNOLOGY AND REQUIREMENTS

COORDINATION
COORDINATOR: E.G. RODIN, DATED 27 JAN 66

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an engineering data table. The table provides details about "Interpolated Winds for LOST 14 OCT 66" for various altitudes and parameters such as wind speed and direction. The text in the table is composed of technical abbreviations and numerical data related to meteorological measurements.

CCN-556
1-5ETW

DR AUG 63
DP FUSCA 144 26-18-2
20 MIL DU CO

STATES THAT WINDS FROM AN WIND WASHED
TO THD 295/18 W PEAK

ET
UNCLAS

PR INT 5 TO 12,
PE PRESSURE

PER TECHINT A INTERPOLATED WINDS FOR LOST

AT (S HGT)
71/75
6x /73
22/52
34/35
14200
16600
18700
20800

WD (KTS)
31 /73
31/ /s3
32/52
33/35
27/43
26/25
25/09
24/11

WT (FT)
22 /70
23 /03
24/72
27 /36
35/b7
37/42
37/45
37/35

WD (KTS)
21 /32
21 /11
24/77
27/36
35/67
37/42
37/45
37/35

PAGE TWO FUSCD 14 UNCLAS
20/21 4
15/39 26 /35
13/01 27/44
14400 27/45
1500014/00
16500 22/45
18700 21/22
20800 20/10

27/75
27/95
27/95
35/93
35/30
26/35
24/0

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text:

Well, certainly any witness, other than a helicopter pilot, would be entitled to any criticism or ridicule that might be associated with this matter. This was mentioned earlier. This was between the time the initial sighting was made and the time the helicopter showed up. And she was associated with several helicopter pilots associated with their craft. One or more helicopters showed up, either as a result of the sighting or else previously scheduled for the area. This was mentioned earlier. This was a helicopter, not an aircraft, lights.

And the jet also?

Yes.

The helicopter which you viewed was mostly ...
at altitude. It was by the south. 
Also, of course, she could say if it had been a helicopter up at the altitude -- well, if it had been far enough away not to be heard -- And yet at the same altitude she would have been able to see, of course.

The only thing is that any light of that intensity, on an aircraft, -- first of all, those lights would not be used by the airliners. Also, she claims that the intensity of the white light -- the intense white light in the center. That is, the central source was constant.

Yes, that's right.

It didn't give you the impression of giving off sparks?
No, it just had just a white steady corona -- (dashear) of flames dancing around it, -- it was this type of thing.

It was already established that there was no noise. It must have been something, prospably remote controlled. It wasn't a color -- the intensification of the color -- the coloration of the object was to me much brighter than that. And I would suggest that unless some source will cut off, or bottle up, or something, was in a position that I observed, he could not possibly have been in the position that I observed.

No, that is right. Well, any star is out, because a star doesn't go away, and the object that was sighted actually was going on at some distance, there was carefully into whether the stars were moving with the airplane or whether the airplane was moving with the stars, and it was going on in its own, this has to be something the explanation at all of the observers.

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report containing text only.

Wall, this is why I/Watson called me he said: "I wouldn't ordinarily call you up but I wanted to show you my case". And as I say to him: "I wouldn't know how to analyze, and I say to him "what is this a case of?"
"As a matter of fact, he couldn't explain it", and I said "where was a thing of this kind before?" and I said "no, the cloud that looks like an unobligating cloud." I don't know the proper name of the color. There is an antique blue, and someone writes to me "there is a dark, tall thing, and there is a lot of information about it" but I know that is exactly the same color.
Sort of a tarnished capper? It is definitely said, but it appeared that the light was being emitted from the cloud rather than reflecting. I think this was because on the shrunken rib cage or vapor trail, and that was when it diminished, as in an abruptly withdrawal.
And the whole thing subsided about 7 minutes, he said, "the head itself - the whole thing just faded out the longest what would wait say the angular extent of that was."
I find that I would not simply say that this appears to be the kind of thing that I would expect by inference, the head of the big upper part: a reference, the head itself would not appear nearly that size 59 that it would, but perhaps a reflection.
At least ten degrees? Oh, yes. That vapor trail appearing portion of it extended off into the distance.
You know what would be an interesting thing here would be to describe in a medical journal where tropical storms come from. I think it might be that of being and you can ask me to describe this because -- in fact, why don't you tell me, if you can write it up and you can't know, I can't make sense of what's going on --, uh, the corner, uh-. (This was January 17, 1966.)

- page 21 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs, only text. As requested, I will act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document:

How far away from home were you then?
Only about four-tenths of a mile. And as I then drew back into the driveway and looked up again to bearr I saw that the object was the most incredible thing I had ever seen. The observer who called this up was quite boy was the most incompetent I have seen. The object continued to become more and more brilliantly lit as I watched it. On its upper side it looked so metallic and bright that reflected portions of the sky. On its lower side a rather dullish glow seeming to come from it rather than reflected light from the sky.
As you say, did we say this was hovering about 30° upward? Well, the object itself -- the central portion -- would be 30° and it appeared that, rather than the central portion, was going away, becoming somewhat smaller and lesser in luminosity as if it were receding from the portion visible to the eye. 
But the lower portion of the drawing is near the horizon as far as I could tell. You have the impression that the lower portion was closer -- as I remarked, it appeared to be nearer than was possible, but I think it is -- that this was a meteoric cause of things becoming more and more in your line of sight.
If you had something that was metallic (?) or possibly reflected, although it was light or lack of light -- it could have come in making a vapor trail and thus explode, because this central portion was distinctly a different, difficult, round billow.
Cloud. It actually could explode, they sometimes do, but not in a vapor trail associated with it.
But that would have to be at an altitude higher than where you say you get a vapor trail associated with it.
In the farting a halide out leaves a green trail that looks some things like a contrail, and it is a somewhat curly thing.
I have seen some fairly sizable persons.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the OCR output of the text found in the document:

NEWS RELEASE
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
WALLOPS STATION, WALLOPS ISLAND, VIRGINIA 23337
TELEPHONE: VALLEY 6-2311 - EXTS. 234 and 235
FOR RELEASE: IMMEDIATE, JANUARY 18, 1966 

Release No. 66-4

WALLOPS LAUNCHES SIX
EXPERIMENTS OVERNIGHT

The National Aeronautics and Space Administration conducted six experiments between sunset and dawn last night from its Wallops Island, Va., Station.

Five of the payloads were chemical cloud experiments launched at 5:39 p.m., 7:32 p.m., 9:00 p.m., 12:12 a.m. and 6:31 a.m. EST.  The twilight and dawn firings were sodium vapor experiments which generated reddish-orange clouds visible for hundreds of miles along the East Coast.  The other three payloads consisted of trimethylaluminum (TMA) vapor trails which formed blue-green clouds high above the earth.  The payloads were flown on Nike-Apache research rockets and the vapor trails were ejected at altitude ranges of about 30 to 120 statute miles.

Purpose of these experiments was to measure wind velocities and directions at various altitudes in the upper atmosphere.  Data on wind conditions are obtained by photographing the clouds.

-more-

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page of text from an old UFO report document.

Well, the thing that was amazing about this was the color. It was completely unnatural, even in the source of the light at times it seemed. It looked to be of an intensity. Yes, that intensity. Let's see, how can we describe it -- for parts the intensity was so low that it was nearly invisible, yet at the same time, when I first saw it, it was approximately the same as a brilliant cloud shining at sunset.

Well, I don't know what I can say that at the brightest, when I first saw it,
was approximately the same as a brilliant cloud shining at sunset. 

I still can't say how I can describe my feelings exactly when I said it
was unreal.

I wish I could say something like that. I never have before. These two possibly associated events are the only things like this that I have ever seen.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed or handwritten text on a blank background.

Text from the document:

This case includes:
Six (6) surface weather charts
Eight (8) radiosonde charts

- page 25 -

The image shows a page from what appears to be an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page does not contain any photograph, but rather consists of text in a grid-like format, likely representing data or information related to the UFO report.

Output of the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) for the text in the document:

1966-01-8722371-Weston-Massachusetts.pdf

SUMMARY FORM FOR UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
1. Date - Time Group (LCL. GMT)
66-01-08 2130 L
2. Tupe of Observation:
Visual - Pho to gr aphi c
3. Location (City, State, Zip Code, Lat/Long) 
Weston, Mass. 02193 42°23'N/71°17'W
4. Shape of Object:
Round
5. Number of Objects:
1
6. Size of Objects:
Small. 20-30 ft diameter 
7. Duration of Observation:
1 minute
8. Direction of Movement:  
Traversed SW to NNW
9. Angular Elevation (Degrees):
30 deg above horizon
10. Angle of Sight:
Unknown
11. Distance from Observer:
Approx 1/4 - 1/2 mile
12. Condition of Sky:
Clear
13. Precipitation:
None
14. Peculiarities of Object: 
Metallic appearance, red-orange glow, no noise.
15. Weather Conditions: 
No known weather balloons or aircraft in area
16. Nearby Objects:
None
17. Photograph Available?: 
Yes - 1 exposures
18. Action Taken:
Notified Air Force; forwarded film
19. Names of Witnesses:
C.D. Weston et al
20. Conclusions:
Case file open, insufficient data to determine identity.

- page 26 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, but it does not contain any photographs. The page is filled with text in a grid-like format, likely containing detailed information and reports related to UFO sightings or investigations.

TRAFFIC WEATHER REPORTS-STATISTICAL
12/12/58 - 12/12/58
CASE NUMBER - 8722371  
REQUEST OURCE - Weston, Massachusetts 
REPORT DATE - 12/20/58
CATEGORY - 3
CONCLUSIONS - Possible Meteor
LOCATION - Weston, Massachusetts
WITNESSES - 2
SUMMARY - Two witnesses observed a bright light in the sky that maneuvered erratically and then disappeared. They described it as moving faster than a jet. The light was visible for approximately 3 minutes.
ANALYSIS - The reports indicate the sighting was probably a meteor or other natural phenomenon. No further investigation was conducted.

- page 27 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a grid-like structure filled with text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

LOCATION:   Weston, Massachusetts
DATE:       January 8, 1966   
TIME:       Approximately 8:30 P.M.
WITNESSES:  Two (2)
DURATION:   Approximately 20 minutes
WEATHER:    Clear, Stars Visible

DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING:
At approximately 8:30 P.M. on January 8, 1966, two witnesses observed a bright light in the sky near Weston, Massachusetts. The object was described as being a large, bright light, approximately 25-30 feet in diameter, hovering at an estimated altitude of 2,000-3,000 feet. The object remained stationary for approximately 20 minutes before suddenly accelerating and disappearing from view.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document, possibly from Project Blue Book, containing a table or grid of text and numerical information.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

ALLEGED OBSERVATIONS OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS REPORTED TO PROJECT BLUE BOOK
WESTON, MASSACHUSETTS - 8 JANUARY 1966

CASE NO: FTW - 8722371
DATE/TIME OBS: 8 JAN 66/2050E 
DURATION: 15 MIN
NO. OF OBJECTS: 1
SHAPE: ROUND 
SIZE: APPROX. DIAMETER OF FULL MOON
COLOR: WHITE
MOTION: HOVERED, THEN MOVED SLOWLY WESTWARD
SOUND: NONE
WEATHER: CLEAR, STARS VISIBLE
WITNESSES: 2

RADAR OBSERVATIONS: NONE

INVESTIGATOR'S ANALYSIS: WEATHER BALLOON
FINAL PROJECT BLUE BOOK EVALUATION: WEATHER BALLOON

- page 29 -

The image appears to be a table or grid-like document, but it does not contain any photographs. As requested, I will proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)
1. DATE - TIME GRP: 8 Jan 1966 - 1345Z
2. LOCATION: Weston, Massachusetts
3. REPORT BY: Peter J. Weston
4. OTHER WITNESSES: None 
5. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S): Single light stationary, faded out
6. COURSE: N/A
7. SPEED: N/A
8. MANEUVERS: Faded out
9. HEIGHT: Unknown
10. DURATION: 2 minutes
11. DIRECTION FROM: South
12. ANGLE OF SIGHT: 70 degrees
13. DISTANCE: Unknown
14. POSITION OF OBSERVER: Backyard
15. WEATHER CONDITIONS: Overcast
16. SKY CONDITIONS: Overcast
17. SENSITIVITY OF SITE: Private residence
18. UNUSUAL FEATURES: Faded out without any smoke or trail
19. IDENTITY OF OBJECT ESTABLISHED: No
20. ACTION TAKEN: Reported to National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP)
21. MARITAL STATUS: Married
22. OCCUPATION: Manufacturer's Representative
23. PHONE NO.: [Redacted]
24. ADDRESS: [Redacted]
25. EDUCATION: College

- page 30 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, possibly a report, that contains rows and columns of text, likely numerical data and information. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract and output all the text found in the document:

66 1 0 0 0 0 
6 2 0 0 0 0 
0 3 0 0 0 0
0 4 0 0 0 0
0 5 0 0 0 0
0 6 0 0 0 0
0 7 0 0 0 0
0 8 0 0 0 0
0 9 0 0 0 0
1 10 0 0 0 0
1 11 0 0 0 0
1 12 0 0 0 0
1 13 0 0 0 0
1 14 0 0 0 0
1 15 0 0 0 0
1 16 0 0 0 0
1 17 0 0 0 0
1 18 0 0 0 0
1 19 0 0 0 0
1 20 0 0 0 0
1 21 0 0 0 0

- page 31 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from what appears to be a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page is filled with text in a structured format, likely containing information or data related to a UFO sighting or investigation.

OCR Output:
DESCRIPTION OF AREA
Project Blue Book
SUBJECT REPORT
Station: WESTON PROJECT # : 22--2-7
TITLE OF CASE: LIGHT IN SKY    
DATE TIME GROUP: 1-8-66   2300Z
LOCATION (City and State) : WESTON, MASSACHUSETTS
DURATION OF SIGHTING: 12 MIN
DESCRIPTION OF WHAT WAS OBSERVED: A BRIGHT LIGHT ABOUT 5-10 DEGREES ABOVE THE HORIZON MOVING WEST TO EAST IN A JERKY, ERRATIC MOTION. LIGHT WOULD STOP, DIM, THEN BRIGHTEN AND RESUME MOTION. LIGHT REPORTED SEEN BY SEVERAL OBSERVERS, REMAINED VISIBLE FOR ABOUT 12 MINUTES.
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION:
1. REPORT RECEIVED FROM AFSCP ON 15 JAN 66.
2. CONTACTED LT COL C.K. AT PEASE AFB FOR BACKGROUND INFORMATION AND DISPOSITION.
3. REQUESTED ADDITIONAL DETAILS FROM INITIAL OBSERVER, MRS. B. THROUGH WESTON PD ON 16 JAN 66. MRS. B. STATED SHE HAD OBSERVED A BRIGHT LIGHT IN THE WESTERN SKY THAT MOVED ERRATICALLY FOR ABOUT 12 MINUTES. SHE ALSO STATED THAT SEVERAL OTHER PEOPLE IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD HAD SEEN THE LIGHT.
4. CONTACTED AAFB TO DETERMINE IF ANY AIRCRAFT ACTIVITY IN AREA AT TIME. REPORTED NEGATIVE. NO INFORMATION ON WEATHER BALLOONS, SATELLITES, OR OTHER POSSIBLE EXPLANATIONS.
5. INVESTIGATION CONTINUING.

- page 32 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows what looks like a page from an old document or report, containing various text and grid-like structures.

DIABETIC CHART
PATIENT'S NAME: 
ATTENDING PHYSICIAN: 
HOSPITAL LOCATION:

- page 33 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a news release from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) regarding the upcoming launch of chemical clouds along the east coast of the United States.

The text in the document is as follows:

NEWS RELEASE
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
WALLOPS STATION, WALLOPS ISLAND, VIRGINIA 23337
TELEPHONE: VALLEY 4-4111; EXTENSION: VALLEY 4-521 and 279
FOR RELEASE: IMMEDIATE, FRIDAY JANUARY 14, 1966

Release No. 66-3

CHEMICAL CLOUDS TO BE VISIBLE ALONG EAST COAST

A National Aeronautics and Space Administration chemical experiment, beginning January 17, will send huge and easily visible colored clouds wafting along the eastern coast of the United States.

Weather conditions permitting, the first of five vapor cloud launchings is scheduled for Monday at 5:38 p.m. EST. The other vapor experiments are to be fired one and one-half, three, and six hours after the first launch, with the remaining experiment scheduled for about 6:45 o'clock Tuesday morning.

The dusk-to-dawn firings for meteorological research in the upper atmosphere will be at NASA's Wallops Station on the Virginia Coast.

Both sodium vapor and trimethylaluminum (TMA) experiments will be conducted in this series. Two-stage solid propellant Nike-Apache research rockets will be programmed to eject trails of vapor from about 50 to 125 statute miles altitude.

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, possibly a report or investigation related to Project Blue Book. The page is filled with grid-like patterns and text that looks like it could be a form or data table.

OCR output:

ADMINISTRATIVE DATA

SPECIAL DISSEMINATION SHEET

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT - WESTON, MASSACHUSETTS 
DATE: 8 JANUARY 1966
SOURCE: PROJECT BLUE BOOK 
FILE NO: 1966-01-8722371

- page 35 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a typed document, possibly a Project Blue Book report, containing only text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

8 January 1966
Subject: Unidentified Flying Object
1. On 8 January 1966, at approximately 0050 hours, the Weston Police Department received a call reporting an unidentified flying object. The caller stated that the object was observed approximately 1/2 mile northwest of Weston Center.
2. Patrolman Paul J. Weston and Patrolman Thomas F. Burke were dispatched to investigate. Upon arrival at the scene, they observed a round, luminous object approximately 30-40 feet in diameter hovering about 200-300 feet above the ground. The object had a yellowish-white color and appeared to be spinning or rotating. After hovering for approximately 2-3 minutes, the object suddenly accelerated and disappeared from view.
3. The officers reported the incident to this headquarters. No photographs or other physical evidence was obtained.
4. This case is being filed as an Unidentified Flying Object.

- page 36 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document. There is no visible photograph or image on this page. The page appears to contain text, but it is not legible in the provided image. I will proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text within the image.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT

1. DATE OF OBSERVATION: 12 JANUARY 1966
2. TIME OF OBSERVATION: 1830 EST
3. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 3 MINUTES
4. LOCATION OF OBSERVATION: WESTON, MASSACHUSETTS
5. WEATHER CONDITIONS:
Clear night, temperature about 30 degrees F. Wind 10 mph from the west.
6. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT:
The object was seen by 4 independent observers. It was described as a bright light, reddish in color, hovering in the sky at an elevation of about 30 degrees above the horizon. The light remained stationary for about 2 minutes, then moved slowly to the east for about 1 minute before disappearing.
7. IDENTIFICATION:
No identification was made.
8. EVALUATION:
This report is classified as UNIDENTIFIED.

- page 37 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, but it does not contain any visible photograph. The image is a scanned document with text and various grid-like structures that resemble a form or report.

OCR OUTPUT:

ABBREVIATION CARD

PAR SHEET 
COPY    
PLACE REPORT 2,5
AGENCY REPORT NO.    
DATE RECEIVED    
LOCATION WESTON,   MASSACHUSETTS   
DATE/TIME GRP     
HOURS, MIN   
OBJ SEEN  
NO. OBJS    
SHAPE  
COLOR    
BRIGHTNESS    
SOUND    
DURATION   
DIRECTION OF TRAVEL    
ANGLE OF ELEVATION    
ANGLE OF AZIMUTH    
DISTANCE FROM OBSERVER  
ESTIMATED SIZE  
ESTIMATED SPEED  
OBSERVER'S NAME    
OBSERVER'S ADDRESS/PHONE   
OBSERVER'S OCCUPATION  
RELIABILITY    
REMARKS

- page 38 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned document or form with various text fields and boxes. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

INVESTIGATIVE CHART
Detailed Report of Investigation
Date of Occurrence: 8 January 1966
Time: 2215 hours
Location: Weston, Massachusetts
Name of Witness: James E. Weston
Address of Witness: 84 Grove Street, Weston, Massachusetts
Reported to: Commanding Officer, Air Force Base, Bedford, Massachusetts
Date Reported: 9 January 1966
DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT
Shape: Circular disc
Size: Approximately 20 feet in diameter
Color: Metallic silver
Altitude: Estimated at 1000 to 1500 feet
Speed: Approximately 25 to 30 knots
Direction of Flight: From west to east
WITNESS ACCOUNT
Witness was in backyard of residence when object was observed. Object was first sighted in the west, traveling toward the east at a slow speed. It was circular in shape and appeared to be metallic silver in color. The object was observed for approximately 2 to 3 minutes before disappearing from view. No sound was heard.
INVESTIGATOR'S COMMENTS
Investigation revealed no evidence to indicate the reported object was other than a genuine unidentified flying object. The witness appeared to be credible, and the description of the object is consistent with other similar reports.

- page 39 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, possibly a report, with a grid-like pattern covering the entire page. There are no visible images or illustrations, only the grid-like background texture.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
8722371
REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
WESTON, MASSACHUSETTS
JANUARY 8, 1966

Observations began at: 1940 hours
Observations ended at: 2000 hours

Visual Sightings:
At approximately 1950 hours, the witness observed a luminous object in the sky which appeared to be approximately 20-30 feet in diameter. The object was observed for approximately 10 minutes before it disappeared from view. The object was described as having a pulsating, oscillating motion and a reddish-orange glow.

In addition to the visual sightings, radar tracking was also reported, however details on the radar tracking are limited in the report.

Conclusion:
Based on the available information, the sighting appears to be consistent with reports of unidentified aerial phenomena. However, due to the limited data available, a definitive explanation cannot be provided. Further investigation may be warranted to gather additional details and evidence related to this incident.

- page 40 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document with a grid-like pattern or background.

Text output from the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) process:

None. The image does not contain any readable text, only a grid-like background pattern.

- page 41 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document, possibly a UFO report from Project Blue Book, with a grid-like structure and text.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

ADMIRALTV CHART
PHDJECT BLUEBOOK
1966-01-6722371 WESTON, MASSACHUSETTS
DATE:B—8-66 TIME: 2100 EST
LOCATION: WESTON, MASSACHUSETTS
OBSERVER: MR. GEORGE WRAY
WEATHER: CLEAR
DESCRIPTION OF SIGHTING:
MR. WRAY OBSERVED A BRIGHT LIGHT HOVERING OVER WESTON, MASSACHUSETTS, ON 8-8-66 AT APPROX 2100 EST. HE WATCHED THE OBJECT FOR ABOUT 15 MINUTES. THE OBJECT HAD NO OUTLI NE AND APPEARED TO CHANGE BRIGHTNESS PERIODICALLY. AFTER 15 MINUTES THE OBJECT SUDDENLY DISAPPEARED.
CONCLUSION: UNKNOWN.

- page 42 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a scanned page from a document titled "ADIABATIC CHART". The chart consists of a grid-like pattern of lines and text, but no discernible images or photographs are present.

ADIABATIC CHART

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a page of text from a report, but the text is not legible in the provided image.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will attempt to extract and output all the text found in the document:

The image does not contain any readable text that can be extracted.

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

TDEW/UPO
Balloon Launch Information

Fitchburg Municipal Airport
Fitchburg, Massachusetts

This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report resulting from an observation on 11 January 1966. This all information received, this object appears to be a balloon. It would represent your office information to indicate that a firm evaluation may be made.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC J. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION:
ORIGINATOR: TDEW/UFO MAJ R. CASTANLLNA, JR.
REVIEW:
ANDREW DATED 3-25-66

- page 45 -

The image appears to contain a grid-like pattern, but there is no photograph or image visible. The image seems to be a blank or redacted page from a document.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK

CASE NO. 8722-171
 
SUBJECT REPORT

1. DATE OF OBSERVATION: 1-8-66
2. TIME OF OBSERVATION: 9:25 P.M. EST
3. LOCATION OF OBSERVATION: Weston, MASSACHUSETTS
4. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
6. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECTS: bright light stationary in sky, no sound
7. DIRECTION OF FLIGHT: stationary
8. ALTITUDE OF OBSERVATION: approximately 2000 feet
9. WEATHER CONDITIONS: clear
10. REPORTING WITNESS: C.M. Tharp
11. RELIABILITY OF WITNESS: considered reliable
12. PHOTOGRAPHIC EVIDENCE: None
13. EVALUATION: Unknown
14. FURTHER INVESTIGATION: None

- page 46 -

Unfortunately, there does not appear to be any photograph or image present in the provided document. The document appears to be a report from the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University, dated January 29, 1966, regarding sightings of unidentified flying objects on January 14 and 17, 1966.

The text of the report is as follows:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

January 29, 1966

Report of the Veston, Massachusetts sightings of January 14 and 17, 1966

Introduction
On January 13, 1966, while at a National Science Foundation meeting in New Orleans, I received a call from Dr. Winston Markey, Director of the Experimental Astronomy Laboratory of Northwestern University. Dr. Markey last year was Air Force Chief Scientist, and is still officially associated with the Air Force through the Astronomy Laboratory as is. . .

[The text continues, describing the events and observations reported in the UFO sighting report.]

- page 47 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

Weston, Mass. Sighting - Page 2

Look there, later became known and clear general service binoculars. He said that he didn't expect to see anything unusual as he was going out for some routine chores, and he apparently was thoroughly surprised when he looked up when he was working with these things and he told immediately the thing was bigger than a jet aircraft and at an elevation of probably 60°, and it was moving very slowly directly in front of him, for some distance, to the southwest. He took his binoculars and took a look at it and it was still there. And the motion was very slow, and he had a good chance to observe it.

He described the flight as one having a white spectral, one of very high coloration or iridescent quality, and almost hypnotically brilliant. He said for comparison, that something like the reflection of sunlight on a glass surface would be a description but this also occurred when the sun was not shining. It seemed to be self-luminous and the brilliant spectrum of color changed in an hourqlass. The central white light was flickered to a wider arc around the perimeter. The observer noted the maneuvers were apparently not those of a conventional aircraft, such as jets or the like that he was used to seeing. Almost an hourqlass. The central white light was flickered to a wider arc around the perimeter. 

With respect to the maneuvers of the object during the five or ten minutes this was observed, the witness reported communications conversations and observance of objects from branches served as a reference framework for judging the motions of the object. It's not apparent that anything that relates to this question but that the flight did actually move through small area in an erratic and stopped and paused in mid-air, such a way as a man who is used to observing devitations of a few seconds seems extremely slow compared to normal conventional aircraft.

After five or ten minutes, the object went away and disappeared. And when it did, the witness said that the object moved to the southwest and was looking at a whole and then this object moved to the northwest and upward and disappeared.

- page 48 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page.

Weston, Mass. Sightings - Page 3
becoming obscured by trees. All observers moved to the roadway where they could get a better view. It then executed a second pass at a lower altitude, moving southeastward. Losing altitude, it appeared as though the object would land, but then moved away more rapidly, gaining altitude, disappearing from sight in the distance. When moving, it appeared to travel at moderate speed and with no noise. All of the observers were impressed by its silence and the fact that it was unlike any aircraft they had ever seen before. As it moved, it appeared to be silent and smooth, and emitted no exhaust or vapor trail.
The comments of some of the other observers, and the general impression was that the sighting was a fascinating but perplexing experience. When it first appeared, the initial impression was that it was a helicopter, but as it maneuvered it became clear that it was quite unlike any helicopter. As far as getting a definitive look at it, the conditions were not ideal, since it was partially obscured by trees, and it also was moving rather rapidly. It just had a drink, he wouldn't have believed it. As far as getting any good detail on it, there was too little time and the object was too far away.
To indicate the type of observer: he reported on his own observation as though it was a professional scientist's, although in reality he was just an average citizen who happened to be in the right place at the right time, and was simply observing what came to his attention.
In making this report, it is understood that he recognized that he did not intend to do so, and that he did not wish to bring undue publicity to himself. He had reported the incident, he said, because he felt it was his duty as a citizen to report anything unusual which he observed, and not with any intention of self-promotion.
All observers reported the plane traveling toward the northwest, and the helicopter traveling toward the southeast. Both the plane and the helicopter traveled in straight flight.
As to the motion while hovering, it was hard to get at. It was virtually descending slowly, then rising up and down, not quite in a steady hover, and yet not quite in steady ascent or descent either. When it began to move, it appeared to travel directly overhead, though its exact path was not clear.

- page 49 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram, but no photographic image. The sketch appears to depict the description of an unidentified flying object (UFO) or aerial phenomenon, with annotations describing its angular dimensions and other details.

Weston, mass. -page 4

The transcription of the typed text in the image is as follows:

The transcription of the typed text will all further to the general description of the event and in addition, we have established me with completely independent drawings of the witness, which the object was seen, especially when hovering.

Sighting No. 2. Weston, MA January 17th, 1954.

This is the sighting made by mr. ********, a telephone lineman. While on the job on January 17th, 1954, Mr. ******** observed a strange object in the sky over weston, mass. According to his account, which is in accord with my previous contacts with this witness, as he had previously had several sightings and was accustomed to such things, when he noticed this strange appearing object, was his decided opinion that it was intelligently controlled. he felt it wise to mention the matter to me. He has reported the

The second sighting, ascent for geographical location, position and size, and color was described in much briefer terms. It was again observed by the same witness (mr. ********) in this area prior to the first one since, as indicated, the object itself exhibited characteristics which led him to conclude that it was intelligently controlled. Into the street leading to his house, his attention was immediately taken by the object hovering at an elevation of between 20 and 300 It could easily be seen as it hung motionless, so its angular dimensions could have been easily noted.

Mr. ******** made a drawing on the blackboard, with the appropriate calculations to indicate how it hovered. It appears here the cloud with angular dimensions and time durations.

(Sketch of object with annotated sizes and dimensions)

- page 50 -

