The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically related to a sighting that occurred on July 10, 1966 in Macedonia, Ohio.

PROJECT 10973 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 10 July 66 - 11/03052"
2. LOCATION: Macedonia, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual Bx
7. COURSE: South
8. PHOTOS: 0 Yes, 0 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes, 0 No
10. CONCLUSION: Satellite (possible)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers noted a bluish-white object traveling in a southerly direction. Official correspondence said it was a UFO event.
Description is consistent with a satellite sighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Date: July 10, 1966
Name: Withheld (last name) 46056
Time: 11:05 p.m.
Location: Cannot confirm
Observed object(s): Round, with a smaller circle in the middle
Direction of travel: South
Duration (approximate and exact times): 7+ degrees, starlike clouds
Was seen on clear night: Moon was not in view
Color: Whitish-blue
Size: 300 ft. roughly
Speed: In excess of 100 mph
Description of motion: Straight path then almost straight up. A bout a 30 degree angle
Estimate rate of motion: 40-50 miles an hour
Did the viewer(s) have an opportunity to make a self-estimate: Yes
To provide a scale, it was about the size of the moon.
To reflect this a witness: No
To be partially transparent: No
The observations confirmed by persons: 0

How did the object behave as you moved towards it: Stayed on the path I have describe up above
Where can the witness see more on case: Moon was not in view
Does the witness wish to remain anonymous: Yes (none)
Does the witness have any further details that coincide with that of the event: No (Saucer went east)
Could it be described as a symmetrical playing in a recently unmarried dead leaves: No search lights operating at that time in my area.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena you have observed. The information you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications. We request this personal information so that we may obtain further details.

1. When did you see the object? 10 July 1966
2. Time of day: 11:05
(Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Other
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Macedonia, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Question)
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess 2 Hours
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY b. NIGHT c. NIGHT d. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

FTD DEC 64 164
This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and multiple-choice answers.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8-1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember 
8-2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moon (pitch dark)
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Overcast or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
c. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Light bulbs

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 4 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No response provided.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? The "Yes" option is circled.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? The "Yes" option is circled.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - Blurry - white b. Color - Reddish - white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? A whole matchstick

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially show the direction the object was moving. An arrow is drawn next to the sketch to indicate the direction of movement.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and checkboxes.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 40 - 50 M.P.H.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoor d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other
23. Were you in the: (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In an open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: a. Eyeglasses Yes (No) b. Sun glasses Yes (No) c. Windshield (Yes) (No) d. Window Yes (No) e. Telescope (Yes) No
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only diagrams and text. 

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show the direction from which you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

This page of the document does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form or questionnaire filled out by a witness regarding a sighting of a UFO or similar object.

Transcribed text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
11 Day
July Month
1966 Year
Paul Allen Swiskey Boy

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page appears to be a questionnaire or form with questions and space for responses.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: - 15 - July - 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

(The rest of the page is blank, indicating there is no additional text to transcribe.)

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s.

The text in the document is as follows:

PTD (RTEB) 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
13 JULY 1966

Macedonia, Ohio 44056

Dear Mr. ----:

Reference: your recent unidentified observation of 10 July 1966. The information this incident is not sufficient for detailed analysis; no sketch or other data was provided.  

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 10 -

