The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report detailing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

The text found in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 April 66 0800202
2. LOCATION: Ellenville, New York 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: 
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (MOON) 1/4 to 1/2 degree diameter observed as and only 35 degrees above the SE horizon.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object was a clear shaped and a dim yellowish appeared to suddenly fade away over the S2 in 20 minutes.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

FTD (CDEFY) 
tyson Apy, Ohio 45455
15 Jul 1965

c/o American Legion
Joe Chavley post no. 111
Ellenvilie, New York 12428

Dear Sir:

Reference your unidentified Flying Object sighting of 8 April.
The information is inadequate and does not suffice for evaluation.
Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it to
this organization.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air
Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINT ANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing a UFO sighting in Ellenville, New York on April 8, 1966.

The text in the document is as follows:

To whom this may concern,

On Friday, April 8, 1966, a strange U.F.O. was spotted in Ellenville, New York, and was witnessed by some people. It was first spotted over the mountain, and when it came closer it looked like a ship. It was as long as a quarter of the mountain. The incident was witnessed by many people.

It was first noticed from the third floor of the American Legion on the top floor, and they claim they could see into it and there was an occupant in it, but we thought it would be wise to not be seeing an off colored, white or yellow, and you may not be interesting in this but we thought it only right to report it.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form used for a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire about unidentified flying object sightings. 

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information to assist in research on unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give may be used in connection with any further study of the problem. It is requested that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) A. Eastern B. Central C. Mountain D. Pacific E. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Street Ellenville , New York
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 0 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Clear, Hazy, Cloudy b. NIGHT: Clear, Hazy, Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To the right c. To the left d. To your left e. Behind you f. Don't remember

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. This appears to be a questionnaire or form with several questions related to the sighting of a UFO object at night, including questions about the appearance of the object, weather conditions, and various characteristics of the object. The text in the document is as follows:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Bright
8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight, pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds 
c. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Dry
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Blinking or flashing
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred 
b. Sharply outlined
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Make any abrupt changes in direction?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text and a hand-drawn sketch. The sketch appears to be a simple diagram showing an arrow pointing to indicate the direction the object was moving.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It seemed to suddenly fade away.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes     No     Don't Know. 
If you answered YES, it moved behind something.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes     No     Don't Know.
If you answered YES, it moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: silent
b. Color: A bright white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known size of the object is covered by the match. If you had performed this sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the direction of motion, speed, and other pertinent data. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which seems to contain a questionnaire or form related to a UFO sighting.

The text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES (NO)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) (YES) NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open countryside
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over a city or town
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you see or try to see the object? (Circle One) Yes        No
24.4 What size or shape were you when you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes        No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses 
b. Sun glasses    Yes        (No)
c. Windshield    (Yes)        No
d. Window glass    (Yes)        No
e. Binoculars    Yes        No
f. Telescope    Yes        (No)
g. Theodolite    Yes        (No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed:
The changing taking of carryings that the sighting than anything more than anything 

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only illustrations and text. 

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve
that shows the object were above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve
to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the
curve when you first saw it. Place a "D" on the curve where you last saw the object.

90°

75°

60°

35°

30°

15°

0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the
path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they
were traveling.

- page 8 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted] LAST NAME [Redacted] FIRST NAME [Redacted] MIDDLE
ADDRESS [Redacted] Street ELLENVILLE City Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted] AGE 13 SEX Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which may be relevant.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? U.F.O. Hotel
Day April Month 7 Year 1966

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with a form containing questions.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: No date is provided in the image.

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific poll questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: The space provided for this question is blank.

- page 10 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on Project Blue Book stationery.

PFD (ATSM)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
13 June 1966

COOLEY - TYLER POST NO. 111
LIBERTY, NEW YORK 12169

Reference your recent unidentified observation on 8 April 1966. The information given in your letter has not been sufficient for evaluation. We would appreciate if you could provide the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 11 -

