PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
12 Oct. 66  13/0582

2. LOCATION
Silver Spring, Maryland  one witness

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
NNE

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro(meteor) ✓ [signature]

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched a bullet-shaped object that disappeared toward the north. The object had a yellowish inside area changing to a radish hue on the edges. No exhaust or vapor trail was noted. It looked like it might have been shot out of something. It made the observer think of a bullet because it was the fastest thing the witness had ever seen. No flames were seen but the object looked like it was red hot, like hot coals in a furnace. Observer has seen other quite different things in the past few months.

The description is consistent with that of a meteor observation. The colors are consistent with that that normally reported. The short duration prevented the observer from providing a more complete description of the object.


- page 1 -

The only clearly legible text in this image is "Page 8" at the bottom of the page. There is a small rectangular box with some text that appears to be partially obscured or blacked out, but the text is not clearly readable. The rest of the page appears to be mostly blank or with very faint, illegible text.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Mrs. Dixon Predicts

By JEAN DOWELL
Star Staff Writer

In a candlelit-lined room of the Georgiatown Inn yesterday, Washington (perhaps) Jean Dixon could have been the central figure in a Greek tragedy.

She addressed wives of the Federal Bar Association, meeting in convention this week.

In fact, she is a psychic, a seer, a predictor of events, a mystic who has made some startling predictions.

When Apollo 1's tragic fire occurred, she had predicted such a tragedy would happen.

Mrs. Dixon, who has been much in the news, is a speaker with a prophetic gift. A psychic, she has a future seeing with Dr. Rhine, the extraordinary perception expert at Duke University, Durham, N.C.

Many wives of members of the Federal Bar and their guests gave Mrs. Dixon their undivided attention.

Other predictions included her assurance that we will have bigger wars than Viet Nam, which she described in a little bankers compared to future conflicts, and the increase of natural gas of privately owned U.S. industry all over the world.

Part of Mrs. Dixon's speech was along devotional in family. "I believe with all my heart," she said, "that there is a purpose to all life, and the Lord has a plan for each one of us."

She concluded that it is our responsibility to develop our talents and skills, and fulfill our purpose in life.

The rest of the text appears to be partially cut off or illegible.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

a Oct 12, 1966

This was about in the same line. Kgd
It is what I called a flying chamber
or sub-marine. (It could descend into the
ocean and become a submarine.) This was
my idea. It was huge-

W                N

←                →

E

S


- page 4 -

Submarine Shaped UFO Reported

By VIRGINIA BROAD BECK

An unidentified flying object (UFO), recently prophesied by Jeanne Dixon to claimed to have been seen two years ago by a Silver Spring woman, Mrs. Florence D. Hanson, of 308 Franklin Place, said she had seen a "submarine-shaped" unidentified flying object on Sept. 26, 1964. It seemed to match the description of a flying object Jeanne Dixon's visionary UFO, mentioned in her book, "A Gift of Prophecy," was supposedly a missile carrier of Russian origin.

Believing there was a connection between the two objects, Mrs. Hanson wrote to Mrs. Dixon, but she said has not yet received a reply.

Of her own UFO sighting, Mrs. Hanson commented, "I'll never forget it."

The object came out of the sky with a "swishing" sound, she said, and flew about 400 feet high at a distance of 500 feet from where I was standing.

There were three distinct lights on the side of the UFO, Mrs. Hanson continued, and sparks were emitted from the tail with a sizzling sound. The object had no wings and no wheels, she said, and resembled the front of a submarine or a spark plug.

"It actually shook the earth when it passed over," she insisted. "I became really frightened."

In addition to the flying submarine, Mrs. Hanson said she had spotted two other UFOs.

The first sighting, she remarked, occurred eight years ago when she and her husband saw a broad beam of light following a definite course in the sky.

The most recent sighting happened about three weeks ago, viewing the object from the ground, she said, it was about the size of a golf ball and followed a zig-zag course through the sky. Lights on the ball illuminated it. A fine line trailed from the back of the object like exhaust fumes, Mrs. Hanson said.

Mrs. Hanson has many theories about UFOs, and in her letter to Jeanne Dixon she mentioned several of them.

"There are several atomic reactors in the Washington area," she commented, "and I wonder if there is any connection between the reactors and the large number of UFO sightings in this area."

"I would like to know," Mrs. Hanson continued, "if any students have seen or are interested in UFOs."

"I often wonder," Mrs. Hanson said, "if some people are chosen to see these objects. Not everyone can see them."

Handwritten notes at bottom:
"Lib. Diangelo Beck, University of Maryland"
"Mon. Cit. 3-1966 -"


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Western Oct. 1966

2. Time of day: 8:50 8
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
IN PLACE SILVER SPRING, MD.
City or Town                State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Because it made nothing of a gulf

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                    NIGHT
a. Bright              a. Bright
b. Cloudy              b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you     e. Overhead
c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164       This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
I went out of sight - close north

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   Couldn't hear any sound
b. Color:   Yellowish, insignificant, anything to describe in true shape

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
I have 3 angle sing match head so then paper, package and small (?) box were in match head. Klean-know turned near you located. Its very near, below - 2 feet long by 1 foot was all - from my present position

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with accompanying notes, including arrows pointing to "North"]

Notes on the sketch include: "came from" and "all in one piece"


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few ✓
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

Didn't see the Moon

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky ✓
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry ✓
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light ✓
e. Don't remember

It was yellowish, reddish with reddish to yellow on the outside so light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter ✓
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Fairly yellow and red hues (Red hot coals)

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred ✓
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush way at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know

B-27 short through thrugy at same site of speed


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

Not in miles per hour
Faster than anything I ever saw!

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

Below where the planes fly.
About 400 ft. high

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other (specify) back of yard -

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            e. South            g. West
b. Northeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest
c. East             d. Southeast

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes    No        e. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses      Yes    No        f. Telescope     Yes    No
c. Windshield       Yes    No        g. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass     Yes    No        h. Other         No

I use eyeglasses for reading only!

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

It was ragged looking. It all stayed in one piece, left no trail. Shot no flames, but looked real hot. 
Bright at coals, like in furnace. -


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

[Handwritten note on compass: my eye was turned to the west and it was just over-coming some trees I had seen mostly]

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten note: It looked like it may have been so that one of sometime. Made me think of a bullet - because it was the fastest thing]

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 10 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    20   Oct.   1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I had a hunch to look for something. That is why I went out in the back yard and looked up. Waited about ten minutes. I started to get in as I got a little chilly. But didn't. I looked up on rather outside my house in a court. Each corner is due north, south, east and West, like an X - "Back". This is the third sighting in the lasting of this month.

I don't go out to look often - But wonder if I did. Each sighting has been different. They may travel in the dark sometimes and no one could see them - but when I've looked - they have lights or lighted - You are welcome to watch -


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
nothing like this before.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS: Pleen, Silver Spring, Maryland
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE 50   SEX Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
This is the third sighting. I've seen in the last six (6) months. All in the same place. All were different. This was the biggest except for the sighting of Sept. 26, 1964-- at 10:55. Sunday night. All this information was given to the Air Force at Andrews, but was more contacted or asked to fill out a form before.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Air Force, Andrews - 13 Oct. 1966 but Called, SAFOICC - 
[rest of text is partially illegible]


- page 12 -

Text found in the document:

NO WINGS OR WHEELS - 
A SWISHING SOUND IN THE AIR

LIGHTS

FENCE

HOUSE

STOOP

SIGHTED-
SEPT. 26-1964
10:55 P.M.

(over)

S                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                'E


- page 13 -

