PROJECT BLUE RECORD

1. DATE, TIME GROUP: 25 Oct 66   15002

2. LOCATION: Price, Utah (2 witnesses)

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1-2 hours

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual

7. COURSE: Stationary

8. PHOTOS: Yes

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes

10. CONCLUSION:
1. Astro (S/?)
2. Photo: ONLY RECORDED GROUND LIGHTS

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer stated the object appeared as a light. Object was brighter than the brightest star. The edges of the object were fuzzy and blurred. Object had no distinct glow. The color of the object was bright orange that was glowing. The photographs were included.

FORM
FTD SI PA 63-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) _____________
e. At sea
f. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East            e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast       f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No

e. Binoculars      Yes   No
f. Telescope       Yes   No
g. Theodolite      Yes   No
h. Other _____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Blank space for response]


- page 2 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Photographs enclosed.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
April 7, 1966, Oct. 3, 1966 and Oct. 15, 1966
in about the same location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted name]   Price, Utah.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS   Price, 84501   Utah
            City     Zone   State

TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]   AGE 60   SEX Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day    Month    Year


- page 4 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 67-12                                                PAGE 1 OF ____ PAGE
                                                        DATE OF REPORT 28 February 19

SUBJECT     UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION    Price, Utah                                 DATE 7 April 1966, 8 October and
                                                        15 October 1966

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF                                                      QUALITY Poor
P NRS       (6) 35 mm color slides, (6) prints (B&W)

1. PURPOSE: This report is in reply to a request submitted by Major Quintanilla (DSETR) to determine the identity of the object photographed.

2. ANALYSIS: Examination of referenced color slides has shown the "unidentified objects" to be a result of an attempt at night photography with insufficient illumination of anything except several sources of light. Although the type of light has not been determined (i.e., street lights, interior lights etc.), it was found that the image pattern and distance separating the light sources on the 8 October and 15 October 1966 frames were identical.

a. Source stated that these were isolated or individual sightings, but the photography indicates a repetitive coverage of the exact same target or background photographed from a common point. Each exposure reveals a different shape for the light sources. This is a common photographic phenomenon resulting from camera movement which is caused by too long an exposure when the camera is hand held. The remaining two frames of 7 April and 8 October 1965, although showing a different pattern of light sourcing, exhibits camera movement also.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:                                      APPROVED BY:

[Signatures of Douglas Rogers, William L. Turner, and Wilber Price, Jr.]

DOUGLAS ROGERS                                          WILLIAM L. TURNER
Intelligence Research Specialist                        Major, USAF
                                                        Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

                                                        WILBER PRICE, JR.
                                                        Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

FTD FORM
APR 69 132


- page 5 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    29,    Oct.    1966
                                                     Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Sketches and explanations are enclosed.

On April 7, 1966 I took two pictures, on Oct. 8, 1966 I took six pictures and on Oct. 15, 1966 I took six pictures each time within the time it takes to turn the film in my camera. "With the naked eye the object looked about the same each time. However after the films have been developed no two of the pictures are the same.

Can you explain the reason for this difference in the slides?

I am sorry that I do not have the original slides which I took on April 7, 1966 as I let someone have them just the day before I received this questionnaire. I am enclosing a copy of the original slide. I will have the original slide back at a later date.

The enclosed slides of the Oct. 8th and Oct. 15th sightings are the original slides.

I will appreciate your returning these slides when you are thru with them.


- page 6 -

This case contains 2, 7" pieces of motion picture film and 15 8"x10" photographs.


- page 7 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

(The rest of the page appears to be a low-quality, grainy black and white image with some white spots/objects visible against a dark background, but no additional legible text is present.)


- page 8 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a grayscale document with vertical striped patterns and some white oval-like shapes in the lower portion of the image. The image quality is quite poor and grainy.


- page 9 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The rest of the document appears to be a very low-quality, grainy black and white image with some white/lighter areas, but the details are largely illegible due to poor image quality and heavy noise/graininess.


- page 10 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The rest of the document appears to be a low-quality, grainy black and white image with some white spots/marks, but the text is not legible beyond the header and footer text.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

7 APR 66

SAF-OICC/Mrs Cassel/bp/79079/11 Mar 67

APR 11 1967

Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

Reference is made to your recent unidentified flying object (UFO) Observation and the photographs which you submitted.

Photographic analysis revealed the following: Examination of the submitted color slides has shown the unidentified objects to be a result of an attempt at night photography with insufficient illumination of anything except several sources of lights. Although the type of light has not been determined (street light, interior lights, etc.), it was found that the image pattern and distance separating the light sources on the October 8 and October 15, 1966 frames were identical.

The photograph indicates a repetitive coverage of the exact same target or background photographed from a common point. Each exposure reveals a different shape for the light sources. This is a common photographic phenomenon resulting from camera movement which is caused by too long an exposure when the camera is hand held. The remaining two frames of April 7 and October 8 although showing a different pattern of light sources, exhibit camera movement also.

The description of your visual observation is consistent with that of an astronomical body requires high speed films and a tripod to prevent camera movement. Your slides are enclosed; thank you for submitting them to us for analysis.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FREEMAN, JR.
1st Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments:
[Bottom of page contains routing/distribution information that is partially redacted]


- page 12 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGH TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

(Note: The image appears to be a very low quality, grainy black and white photograph with a small white/bright spot near the center, but most of the details are obscured by poor image quality and heavy noise/graininess.)


- page 13 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The rest of the page appears to be a very low-quality, grainy black and white image with significant noise and distortion, making most details illegible.


- page 14 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a landscape with trees and what seem to be structures or buildings in the background. A tall vertical pole or mast is visible in the center of the image. The scene looks wintry or has high contrast, making details somewhat difficult to discern.


- page 15 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a winter landscape with trees and what seems to be a tall pole or utility pole in the center. The scene looks sparse and snowy, with trees and possibly some structures in the background.


- page 16 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a grainy black and white photograph with some white rectangular shapes visible in the center, but much of the details are obscured by heavy noise or poor image quality.


- page 17 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a grainy, low-contrast black and white document with some faint vertical streaks or markings. The quality of the scan makes most details difficult to discern clearly.


- page 18 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a grayscale photograph with some light and dark areas, but the details are very difficult to discern due to the poor image quality and heavy graininess.


- page 19 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

(Note: The image appears to be a very low quality, grainy black and white photograph or document scan with some white/light areas, but the details are largely indistinct and blurry.)


- page 20 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a very low quality, grainy black and white photograph with some indistinct white or light-colored objects or marks visible against a dark, mottled background. However, the details are extremely difficult to discern due to the poor image quality.


- page 21 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The rest of the page appears to be a very low quality, grainy black and white image with some white/light spots, but the text is not legible beyond the header text I've transcribed.


- page 22 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDESTR

SUBJECT: UFO Photographs

OCT 12 1966

TO: Mrs. [redacted]

1. Reference your letter of 2 October 1966, regarding slides of unknown objects photographed over Price, Utah, on 7 April 1966. If you wish to submit the original slides to our office for analysis we will return them along with a print of each negative after the analysis has been completed. Request you also complete the enclosed FTD Form 164 describing your observation and forward both to our office.

2. The following information on your camera will be most helpful in evaluating the photographs:

a. Type and make of camera: Iloca - Quick A 35MM

b. Type, focal length, and make of lens:
Iloca - Jiltar-Anastigmat V.1; 3,5 . F=45MM

c. Brand and type of Film:
Kodak Kodachrome II Color Film K 135-20

d. Shutter speed used:
Information enclosed in envelopes

e. Lens opening used; that is "f" stop:
F 3

f. Filters used:
No

g. Was tripods or solid stand used:
No

h. Was "panning" used:
No

i. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true north, and its angle with respect to the ground:
147° east 15°, 25°

j. If supplemental information is unobtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, and the smallest and largest "f" stop and shutterspeed readings of the camera.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
LOUIS DE GOES, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology & Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164


- page 23 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The rest of the page appears to be a grainy black and white photograph with some light-colored elongated shapes or objects visible, but the details are very difficult to discern due to the poor image quality.


- page 24 -

Over Price, Utah
April,7,1966
Time.9:45

This is a copy slide of the slide photographed on
April,7,1966 This slide that I am enclosing to you is made
from placing the original slide in my projector and placing
it on the screen .I was able to photograph back and this is
that slide.
Camera, "F" stop 3, and the Vero shutter speed used.1/25
feet, 25
the copy slide maid with the same only 6,feet


- page 25 -

Over Price, Utah
October 15, 1966
time, 8:30 P.M.

Oct. 15, 1966

I sighted the object at about 8:03 P.M. and
watched it until about 10:00 P.M.

I took these pictures at about 8:30 P.M./
Iloca Camera F 3 , Vero Shutter speed at B
25 feet.


- page 26 -

Slides of Price, City and of the moon

the enclosed slide shows the portion of
the City taken from my front yard facing in
the same direction as the slides of the
object in the sky.

The object in the sky appeared above the trees
in the center of this picture and about the
high of the trees above these trees.

The other slide is one I took of the moon
to see how it would compare in size and
brightness with the other objects.

The camera setting for the moon picture
was the same as the setting used for the
other objects.

I am sending this as additional information
for you.


- page 27 -

October,8,1966

Camera, "F" Stop 3, and Vero shutter speed used,1/100
25,feet,
I am enclosing 3, slides

and these were taken at the same time and all I could
see in the sky was a big bright flashing orange light,

Weather conditions, clear sky, weather dry, dark night
no sound.

Over Price,Utah
October-8,1966
Time 10.P.M


- page 28 -

UFO Seen Over Price

Reports of UFOs (unidentified flying objects) are not confined to Wasatch Front areas. Such sightings also have been reported in the Price Area.

Mrs. Arb Anella, who lives a mile southeast of Price, reported seeing a lighted object in the air first on Sept. 1 then again on Sept. 22. She reports the object, appearing to be like a shining light, was traveling southward.


- page 29 -

I apologize, but the image quality is extremely poor and blurry. While there appears to be some kind of curved or boat-like shape at the bottom of the image, the text is completely illegible. I cannot make out any readable text from this scanned document page.


- page 30 -

Price, Utah
Oct.2,1966

Mr. Hester Quintanilla, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
Wright Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

This letter is concerning unknown objects. I sighted the objects over Price, Utah, on April 7, 1966, and took a picture. At the time I did not know if my camera would take anything that far away and at night but it did, and I have two colored slides of these unknown objects taken at 9:45 p.m. The objects were just hovering in the sky and were flashing off and on, so I couldn't tell if I got a picture of it or not, so I took two to be sure that I had gotten something.

I was very much surprised when I got the slides developed and could see the shapes and how vivid they were in color. I saw one or three designs on three of these slide. In slide No.2 you can count about 15 of these objects. The largest object was flashing from silver to orange. They have been sighted, as far as I know, 3 different times over our City by different people at different times, after I have taken these slides.

If these slides would be of any help to our Government in their "Project Blue Book"

I have no idea what these things are, but there are too many of them being sighted for the people not to know what they are. I would very much like to know.

If these slides are of interest to you, I would appreciate hearing from you.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]
Price, Utah 84501
Phone No. 637-1773


- page 31 -

Text found in the document:

Slide #1

The way it looked
With naked eye
Apr. 7, 1966

This is a sketch of a street lamp and by holding a stick match a the match covers one light. I the object in the sky on Apr match would not have cov[text cut off/illegible]

The document contains several hand-drawn sketches/diagrams, labeled as "Slide #1", which appear to depict some kind of object or phenomenon in the sky.


- page 32 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Slide #7

[Bottom of page text:]
of a street light about 450 feet away
a stick match at arms length the head of
rs one light. If this test had been made of
the sky on April 7, 1966 the head of the
h not have covered the object completely.

Note: Some words appear to be partially cut off or obscured at the edges of the text block.


- page 33 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 34 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
7 April, 1966
8, Oct. 1966
15, Oct. 1966

2. Time of day: 9:00 P.M. to 10:00 P.M.
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
55 No. 3rd East                Price,                Utah
Nearest Postal Address         City or Town         State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1 to 2 Hours
a. Certain X         c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? I checked my watch when first sighted.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes         No X

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy X

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 35 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes
The lights on the object went out and I could not see it anymore.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound NO
b. Color Bright glowing Orange Light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

On October 15th sighting I held a stick match at arms length and the head of the match covered the object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Drawing enclosed.


- page 36 -

