The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a government program that investigated UFO sightings in the United States.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: April 66 0901/52
2. LOCATION: Moorestown, New Jersey
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: NP to S
8. PHOTOS: Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes

The text on the form describes the observation of a slow-moving object in the sky, which the observer initially thought was an aircraft but could not conclude with certainty. The observer noted that the object had a red light that seemed to pulsate, and that a few seconds after the sighting, the object moved out of the area and could not be seen anymore.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: May brother - the contact for possible sighting
Clarence Little, Toby Jones Indian Township

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last name               First Name            Middle Name
ADDRESS Street                 City                 Zone       State    
TELEPHONE NUMBER                 AGE 45            SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
There is a possibility this was hocus pocus or nothing unusual

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
      Day     Month     Year
Reported few hours, 23 September 1966, to police

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document states:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I can assure that my report was mailed on April 7, 1966
The object in my report was unusual enough for me to report it, though I realize that many sightings have very trivial explanations.
ATIC - AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
AFSC - AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document. It does not contain any photograph, only text. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 1 April 66  01/04/52
2. LOCATION: Moorestown, New Jersey 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: N to S
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: AIRCRAFT - observer noted a slow moving object in the sky. At one time it seemed to dim the red light and the observer could see several clear parts in the bottom. The red light seemed to go off. A few seconds after the sighting, the observer noted a plane in the area, and could not tell where the object was.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten report or document related to a UFO sighting.

United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.

DATE: March 31, 1966 at approximately 3:45 P.M., a witness was looking down our driveway when an object came into view. It hovered up in the sky and then hovered back down. It had a strange metallic appearance. It hovered for approximately 2-3 minutes and then shot straight up and disappeared. The witness heard no sound while the object was present.

At 4:30, the witness observed the same object again. This time it was traveling fairly fast in a southerly direction at a high altitude. The witness had a clear view of the object and estimated its size to be approximately 60 feet long and 20 feet wide. The object was a metallic gray color, reflecting light, and was shaped like a long ellipse or cylinder. The motion of the object was only about 30 seconds. It was observed by numerous other people in the area. The direction of movement was south. The object was described as "fast" as it went straight up and disappeared completely.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Text extracted from the document:

This object, though it did see come circling in the sky, appears to have been some aircraft flying at a high altitude. There is not enough detail on this object to determine the following:

1. Direction - north southeast
2. Speed - about 600 m.p.h.
3. Altitude - 10,000 feet or higher
4. Size - just about my hand
5. Time - 8:45 P.M.
6. Size - 60 feet across diameter

Sincerely...

(P.S. - What did I say? All the guys are calling me "Kightbul'ze"
the one flying equestrian)

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, showing a typed letter addressed to "Dear Mr. [redacted]" from "HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF" in the Project Blue Book program.

Moorestown, New Jersey 08057

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Reference is your unidentified observation of 31 March 1966. The information gathered by your reporting this observation is included in the envelope provided. 

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form with various questions related to a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with other reports and will not necessarily result in any immediate conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day       Month      Year

2. Time of day:
Hour      Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other _______

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address     City or Town     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain       Minutes     Seconds
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes _____ No _____

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright
b. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To back of you
c. To your right
d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image, only text.

Output text from the OCR:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Brighter
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Don't remember, pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Scattered
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Foggy
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know
d. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
e. Change shape? YES NO Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? YES NO Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 9 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch at the bottom, depicting some shapes and arrows. The text indicates that the witness was asked to draw a picture to show the shape and movement of the observed object. However, no photograph is present in this particular page of the document.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
- it simply faded away

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):     Yes      No     Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):     Yes      No     Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
- The object appeared to be quite large, covering a large part of the sky

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially trails or wings trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The handwritten sketch at the bottom of the page depicts some geometric shapes and arrows, indicating the observed movement of the UFO object.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 25-30

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approx 1 mile thru shimmering haze

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One:)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near city outskirts?  
e. In a rural area?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
clear to the horizon, looked like a sun reflection on the metallic surface, size of a half dollar at arms length, no sound, no trail of smoke or vapor, moved in a straight line without tumble or wobble, very steady, no flashing lights, color appeared silver or metallic.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing instructions and questions regarding observations of unidentified flying objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (sky/line) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, THEN HOW MANY WERE THERE? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 12 -

