PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
29 March 66 29/0630Z

2. LOCATION
Enon, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One, Three Times

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-4 Minutes
30 Seconds Each

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
SEE CASE FILE

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☑ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☑ No

10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT (KC-135)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer saw one object three times at 1:30, 2:30 and 3:00 EST. Object was an orange light, the outside of it was brighter. Its size was estimated as being about the size of a boxcar. Heard a high whining sound. Observed no aircraft in the area.

A call to the base control tower revealed a KC-135 was making practice approaches at the time. Would be going over Enon at 1,000 ft, with landing lights on. Made the approaches at 1:15, 1:26, 1:35, 1:56, 2:20, 2:32 EST.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

He described the object as an orange light, the outside of it was blue-white and seemed to be revolving. It had a great deal of maneuverability and turned at abrupt angles. He observed no tail, and no wings. It size was compared as a boxcar.

Did not observe the object with BX or TX.

Contacted the Flight operation tower at WPAFB and found that a C-135 made an initial approach to the field at 12:58 PM and then made six practice approaches at 1:15 AM, 1:26 AM, 1:35 AM, 1:56 AM, 2:20 AM, and 2:32 AM. The Sgt on duty stated that the C-135 would be over the Enon area during the practice approach.

Nothing unusual showed up on Radar.

Conclusion:
Since the observer stated that he did not notice aircraft in the area and since the C-135 was in the area at a low altitude with landing light on, and also the witness heard a loud whining sound, it is my opinion that he observed the C-135 making its practice approaches.


- page 2 -

Electric Shop 74676
Tarker Office 74614

2 each wing tips Red left Green tops

2 tail & White & amber

Centa F 1 on top, 1 on botta

Nacelle light 1 each side of
fuselage front of wing

Under wing light 1 each side
of fuselage just after seam

1 or #2, #3 Engine

Landing light 1 each side of F

Nose gear landing lift

Terrain light - Positioned any way
(51 veb. 1/9/ft) under light wing


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
29     March     66
Day    Month     Year

2. Time of day: 01     30
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern     (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Central                   b. Standard
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
3 SIGHTINGS     Ohio
Nearest Postal Address         City or Town         State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                Hours   Minutes   30   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
                    d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? WATCHED ON WAKE AT HOME
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes     No √

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you       e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

Blue-white light over
whole object
NOT the aircraft

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Blank line]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: Light from center
rotates relative to top &
bottom

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
FIRST TIME VERY RAPIDLY
SECOND TIME OVER HORIZON VERY RAPIDLY

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes NO Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ___________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes NO Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ___________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound WHINING VERY HIGH PITCH
b. Color BLUEISH-WHITE LIGHT "BLINDING"

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match stick. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Two hand-drawn sketches are present, one appears to be rectangular/angular and the other circular, with handwritten notes "LIKE PEN" and "OUTLINE"]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
From 10 min TO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? GREATER THAN 120 m/HR

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    1000 ALT 500 ALTITUDE

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)    SPRINGFIELD
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?    30    miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No    e. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No    f. Telescope    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No    g. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No    h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last question (26) is left blank]


- page 7 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
DISPATCHEZ

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                                                 City            Zone    State   Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER                     AGE   52   SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
CHIEF OF POLICE OF ENON

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
                Day             Month           Year


- page 9 -

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    Day         Month         Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

3 SIGHTINGS OF SAME OBJECT
HOVERS, ALMOST TURNS, VERY RAPID ACCELERATION
LIGHT PICKS UP RAPIDLY


- page 10 -

I called Mr. [blacked out] on the morning of 29 March 66 and received the following information: He had seen the same object three times on the morning of the 29th between 1:30 AM and 2:30 or 3:00 AM.

the first time it was far away, and was in sight for only 30 seconds. the second and third time it was fairly close and was in view for several minutes. the third time he saw it in now 1000 ft in front of him, about 500 ft off the ground. it crossed in front of him ( he was in his car) moving toward the river. when it got to the river bottom it took off very fast. He heard a very high whirring sound.

He stated that he did not observe any aircraft in the area at the time of the sighting


- page 11 -

