PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
18 August 66 19/0500Z

2. LOCATION
Xenia, Dayton, Ohio (Multiple)

3. SOURCE
Civilians

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Few Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
E

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X]No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
[X]No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (METEOR) ✓ 
Description is consistet with a meteor sighting.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers noted bright object falling toward the ground. Object appeared white, blue, orange, and red. Object lit up the earth like a flash bulb.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

19 August 1966

0745
Received telephone call from Mrs. [redacted], Xenia, Ohio.
She and her husband saw a light down to the ground, blue-green, observed it for seconds, went out before it hit the ground. Lit up the whole area. Observed at 11:50 p.m. 18 August 66, looking east.
Said she would fill out Form 164 if we mailed them to her. 164 Sent.

0730
Received a telephone call from [redacted] United Press, [redacted] Columbus, Ohio. She wanted to know how far South and West that the meteors were seen last night. Informed her that we had not received any reports as yet from last night.

1400
Received a call from [redacted] of Huber Heights area. Wanted to know if anyone had reported any meteorites last night, shortly before midnight. Object looked like it came down real near, saw it through the window, sparks, appeared to being going N to S, she didn't know who to call first. She was looking east when she observed object. Mrs. [redacted] said she would fill out a form as best as she could in order for us to send it to [redacted]. Her address: [redacted] Dayton, Ohio
(meteor form sent 19 August 1966).


- page 2 -

FIREBALL REPORT

Persons observing a fireball or meteor should report the information to the American Meteor Society. The information desired is contained below.

A very brilliant meteor or fireball is reported to have passed in your vicinity on.... At the hour of ...., I will you please answer as fully as possible the following questions, which are asked on behalf of the American Meteor Society in order that permanent records of such phenomena may be obtained. When these reports are published each contributor whose report is fairly complete will be mentioned, if desired.

(1) Give your name and address. 

(2) Where were you when you saw the meteor? (If the town is small please give county as well.)

(3) Give the date, hour and minute when the meteor appeared; also kind of time used.

(4) In what direction did it appear (or in what direction was it first seen)? This is not asking in what direction it was going)

(5) In what direction did it disappear (or in what direction was it last seen)? For questions 4 and 5, simply N, E, S, or W is not accurate enough, unless these were the exact directions. If compass is used, state it; also if magnetic correction has been applied to compass reading.

(6) At what height did it appear? (Use degrees in answering.)

(7) At what height did it disappear? (Use degrees in answering.)

(8) Did it pass directly overhead (i.e., through the zenith)?

(9) If not, to which side of the zenith did it go, and how far from it? (Use degrees in answering.)

(10) Did it appear to reach the horizon? What sort of a horizon have you?

(11) What angle did the path of the meteor make with the horizon and in which direction was it then going?

(12) If you are familiar with constellations describe the path of the meteor through the sky with reference to stars.

(13) Did the meteor appear to explode?

(14) What was the duration of its flight in seconds?

(15) Describe the train if one was left. If it lasted long enough to show drift, most carefully tell in what direction train drifted. Give sketch, if possible, showing this with regard to horizon.

(16) What was the duration of the train in seconds?

(17) Did you hear any sound? How long after seeing the meteor was it before you heard this sound?
Did you hear an actual explosion? How long after seeing the explosion was it before you heard it?

(18) Of what color was the meteor?

(19) What was the size of the meteor? (Compare it with the Moon or with a planet or star.)

(20) Was more than one body seen before the explosion? (If any?)

(21) What was condition of sky at time?

(22) Give names and addresses of others who saw the meteor.

(23) Please mail this reply to [address redacted, Narberth, Pennsylvania 19072]

10

[Handwritten note at bottom: "Most worthwhile and believable experience"]


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
8   18   66
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 11:55
                Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Hissey Rd.                 Xenia, Ohio, Greene
Nearest Postal Address     City or Town     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                Hours   Minutes   4   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain         c. Not very sure
5.1 How was time in sight determined? my just a guess look AT his watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                       NIGHT
a. Bright                 a. Bright
b. Cloudy                 b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FORM
OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text that appears to be comparing the light to a black club or similar object]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
At first came down and the light went out before it hit the ground, or went behind trees.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None. that we could hear, we were in mile car.
b. Color: Bright white like light, the blue, then orange.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Just a guess, I'd say about 1/8

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Since it was a light it would be difficult to draw a picture but here is the direction it was going.

[A small curved arrow is drawn at the bottom of the page]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was?   miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. Open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?   50   miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other ____________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Like some of the fire well you see on the forth at july.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
no & home never.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
my husband
mrs Lemming

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [Street redacted] XENIA, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 34 SEX FEMALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Day Month Year]
Tried to Sheriff's office Ida. to W


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:

Day         Month         Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The page is Page 7 and appears to be a blank form with two questions, with no additional text filled in.


- page 10 -

FTD (TDETR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
22 August 1966

Xenia, Ohio 45385

Dear [redacted]

Reference your telephone conversation on 19 August 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient
for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD
Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 11 -

