PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
20 Oct. 66  21/0400Z

2. LOCATION
Rock Tavern, New York
one witness

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Other(Locomotive headlight)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched a round bright white light that appeared to progress very slowly along the top of some hills and a mountain. The light disappeared instantaneously behind the mountain. The observer compared the unknown light to that of a fluorescent lamp. The light never appeared to become completely opaque.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

Investigating officers conclusions are that the observer saw the light on a railroad locomotive. A train trestle, certain features, and pre-positioning the spot where the observer was report this conclusion. Rail traffic usually passes on the trestle in the vicinity of midnight. The NY State Police at various stated times had numerous reports at different times of the same phenomena. In most cases this turned out to be rail traffic on the trestle.

7. COURSE
N/A

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM


- page 1 -

A. Description of the Object(s):

1. Shape: round

2. Size compared to a know object: compared to a pea held at arms length.

3. Color: bright, white light

4. Number: one

5. Formation, if more than one: N/A

6. Any discernible features or details: compared light to fluorescent lamp.

7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s):
None.

8. Sound; if heard, describe sound: None, too far away to hear anything; also stayed inside house trailer.

9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None.

B. Description of Course of Object(s):

1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): Glanced out window and was attracted to unusual bright light.

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: Appeared to be right on edge of mountain.

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: same as 2 above.

atch 1


- page 2 -

4. Description of Flight path and maneuvers of object(s): progressed very slowly along top of hills and mountain.

5. How did the object(s) disappear: instantaneously behind mountain.

6. How long (were) the object(s) visible: estimates less than 5 minutes.

C. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground - visual
2. Optical Aids: naked eye
3. N/A

D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 21 October 1966, 0400Z.
2. Light conditions: Night.

E. Location of Observer(s): Rock Tavern, New York. Exact position marked on map attached to this Report.

F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: civilian
2. Name: Mrs. [redacted]
3. Age: 28
4. Mailing Address: [redacted], Rock Tavern, New York
5. Occupation: Housewife
6. Estimate of Reliability: Fair


- page 3 -

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:

1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: clear, very good visibility.

2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office:

Surface                 290/10
6,000'                  310/20
10,000'                 300/30
16,000'                 270/50
20,000'                 270/55
30,000'                 270/65
50,000'                 270/60
80,000'                 not available

3. Ceiling: clear

4. Visibility: 15 miles.

5. Amount of cloud cover: None

6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: None

7. Vertical temperature gradient: 2 1/2° per 1,000 feet

H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition: None

I. Interception or Identification Action Taken: N/A

3


- page 4 -

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic
or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting:
None

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
Captain Stephen Levine, USAF; Rated Pilot/Navigator

(1) Preliminary analysis of facts obtained from my investigation has led me to deduce
that Mrs. observed the light on a railroad locomotive. A train trestle, terrain
features, and pin-pointing the spot of her observation support this conclusion. The
following are statements and evidence in support of my analysis:

(a) When interviewed, Mrs. showed me two telephone poles 100 yards
south east of her trailer between which she observed this light. She also estimated
that the light was four or five miles away on the north east end of Schunemunk Mt.
Based on this information, I have drawn a plot on the attached map accompanying
this report.

(b) Mrs. stated that the light never appeared to become completely
airborne; the only time she saw it leave the ground was when she saw it
flickering through the tops of trees. She also thought that there were possibly two
beams of light emitting from the same source, one straight beam resembling a head-
light, the other a bobbing beam of light. Her description matches perfectly with the
headlamp of a locomotive.

CONTINUED BELOW

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: None

(c) One mile east of Salisbury Mills, lying within my plot and four miles
from the observer, is a very high railroad trestle almost one mile long. This is part
of an Erie Railroad freight line used for unscheduled runs. Rail traffic usually
passes on the trestle in the vicinity of midnight. The NYState Police at Monroe
stated that they have had numerous reports at different times of the same phenomena
observed by Mrs. in all cases, this has turned out to be rail traffic on
the Salisbury Mills trestle.

4


- page 5 -

This image appears to be a detailed topographical map showing various regions and towns. The map includes the following visible regions/areas:

NEW WINDSOR
HAMPTONBURGH
BLOOMING GROVE
CORNWALL
NEWBURGH

The map contains numerous lines representing roads, boundaries, and geographical features. Various towns and locations are labeled throughout the map, though some are difficult to read clearly due to the image quality. The map seems to be of an area in New York state, with multiple intersecting roads and geographical boundaries.


- page 6 -

This image appears to be a topographical map showing various regions including:

- State Police
- Monroe
- United
- Stony Point
- Maryland

The map contains numerous roads, geographical features like mountains (Mtn), lakes, and terrain details. It shows a complex network of roads and geographical boundaries with many labeled locations such as:

- Bradley Mtn
- Black Mtn
- Flaggy Meadow
- Buchannan Mtn
- Little Bush Lake

The map is in black and white and appears to be an older, hand-drawn or printed topographical map with detailed terrain and road information.


- page 7 -

