The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a record of unidentified flying object (UFO) investigations conducted by the United States Air Force from 1947 to 1969.

The text on the page is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 27 July 66
2. LOCATION: Lake Carmel, New York
(Two witnesses)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Several
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Varied
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Varied
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes
10. CONCLUSION: The friguency of these sightings and the fact that this was a long term episode suggest.
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers noted many lights throughout the sky. Colors vary-ing dome on the upper surface and glowed with a greenish light. One object had a high pitched white. Objects disappeared instantly, but one at a time. Observers have seen various case simultaneously with identified aircraft passing through the area. Various aircraft associated bodies could have been responsible for some of the sightings, also. Actually it witnessed are probably seeing something of a natural origin; however, from several leading comments it is felt that visualization has played a major part in this particular case.

FID SFD 4-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 1-9-66
2. Time of day: 9 52 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? RD 2, LAKE CARMEL, N.Y. 10572 Nearest Postal Address
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 20 Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? BY CLOCK
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY BRIGHT Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FORM OCT 63 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system would:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some object: JULY 4 TH FIRE WORKS

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It went behind trees, after about 15 mins, came back.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No  Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: 
behind: BEHING KENT CLIFFS

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No  Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound RXO
b. Color BRIGHT SILVERY, GOLD YELLOW, RED  

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
ABOUT 3/4 OF THE OBJECT

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc, and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(Drawing shows object moving North, with trail)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 MILE

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building (home)
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other_________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other_________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. (Binoculars) Yes No
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Theodolite Yes (No)
h. Other________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
UP SIDE DOWN SPOON

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only diagrams and illustrations. The text in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text.

MARCH 31 1966 - ONLY ONE RELATED CASE KNOWN 
MARCH 27, 62--6.00-5.30 PM JUNE 16, 37 22-23-24-DAILY  
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes  No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes  No
DAUGHTERS--FAMILY CARMELL 
SON-DAUGHTER-IN-LAW LAKE CARMEL
MRS. RDA-13 LAKE CARMELL
RDA-13 LAKE CARMEL, NEIGHBORS
32. Please give the following information about yourself:  
NAME LAST NAME FIRST NAME MIDDLE NAME
ADDRESS RDA-13 LAKE CARMEL, N.Y 10512 STATE
TELEPHONE NUMBER TELEPHONE REDACTED AGE 50 SEX F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 15 APRIL 1966 LT. NUTTER - STEWARD AIR FORCE BASE N.Y.N.Y. 10014

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text describing a sighting.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system output:

"34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 24 JULY 1966  

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

March 31, 1966 - The night was clear. 
At sunset - I saw an orange - red circular object - lying flat - go very fast Northerly.
Rent cliffs - knowing that. It was at a very high altitude. To me, it was beautiful - like a many faceted gem - But I cannot say it - then a very faint, starlike object - It changed shape - to a bird sail shape - swifter in motion.
And not of earthly design and beautiful - After a few seconds, it disappeared. I looked at it for many seconds - it turned into a pocket object - yellow body and red on it - I cannot change again. It was beautiful. All told, I'm seeing many strange objects - sometimes as many as 6 at one time - the changing of shapes is amazing, and the color is beautiful. Especially whenever they disappear - on back of this page is in order starting with 1 - the things I have seen."

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document that contains handwritten text.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text:

REYNEZVOUS MISTAKEN,

KENT CLIFF ST March 31/1966

A - circular, but flat-orange-red-
giving away slow, but silvery VERY yellow.

B - STAR? - south to north fast- TURNED to this

MY BACKYARD - LAKE CARMEL-
seemed to be about a tree in ormy 
yard for at least 4 nights 
before it did the following:
STAR
GOLD
changed to SILVERY
red

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which describes sightings of unidentified flying objects. The text on the page is as follows:

A. Description of Objects:
1. Shape: Cigar shaped and saucer shaped
2. Size: Varied from size of pinhead to doorknob held at arms length
3. Color: Yellow, red, blue, blue-green
4. Number: 11
5. Formation: For most of the objects none, however, 3 objects did move in a 3 ship random formation.
6. Features or Details: One object appeared to have a dome on the upper surface and glowed with a greenish light.
7. Tail, trail or exhaust: N/A
8. Sound: One object had a high pitched whine.
9. Other features: Some of the objects seemed to change colors.

B. Description of Course:
1. What first called the attention of the observer to the objects: Observer saw a straight moving light in the sky.
2. Angle of Elevation and Azimuth of objects when first observed: Varying angles of elevation in all quadrants of the sky.
3. Angle of Elevation and Azimuth of objects upon disappearance: Varying angles of elevation in all quadrants of the sky.
4. Description of flight path: Some objects were relatively stable while others had an erratic zigzag flight path.
5. How did the objects disappear: Objects disappeared instantly, but one at a time.
6. How long visible: 2 hours, 30 minutes.

C. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground - visual

- page 10 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that provides details about a UFO sighting.

2. Optical Aids: Binoculars used part of the time
3. N/A
D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. 17 April 1966 - 0030 to 0300Z
2. Light Conditions - Night
E. Location of Observer - 41?23N 7339W
F. Identifying Information on Observer:
1. Name - Miss ************* Civilian
2. Age - 19
3. Address: Rte 1, Box **********, Lake Carmel, NY
4. Reliability - fair
1. Name - Mrs ************* Civilian
2. Age - 52
3. Address: *********** rd, Lake Carmel, NY
4. Reliability - fair
G. Weather & Winds:
1. Observers said it was a clear night.
2. Winds:
Surface 150/02
6,000' 270/10
10,000' 290/20
16,000' 290/25
20,000' 280/30
30,000' 280/25
50,000' 270/40
80,000' N/A
3. Ceiling: N/A
4. Visibility: 25 miles

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be treated in strictest confidence. Your name, will not be revealed without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 17 APRIL 1966 Year

2. Time of day: 9 : 20 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central (4. Mountain 5. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object? LAKE CARMEL NEW YORK 10512 Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 20 Hours Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess 

5.1 How was time in sight determined? LOOKED AT CLOCK

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No V

6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT (8) Bright b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FORM FTD OCT 63 164 This form supersedes FTD 144, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing textual information.

5. Cloud Cover: .1 to .5
6. Thunderstorms: N/A
7. Vertical Temp Gradient: No inversions
H. N/A
I. N/A
J. N/A
K. The two observers as well as several neighbors have made numerous sightings of UFO's since 31 March 1966. There have been few nights since 31 March until the date (25 Apr 66) of this report when sightings have not been made. Sightings have been made simultaneously with identified aircraft passing through the area. They have also been seen under varying weather conditions, including rain showers.
Aircraft may account for a few of the objects but certainly not all of them.
Lt S. M. Nutter
NAV-EWO
4713th Def Sys Eval Sq
Stewart AFB, NY
L. N/A

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from Project Blue Book in response to an unidentified observation report.

Project Blue Book
HS (TOO)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
11 July 1966

LAKE CARMEL, NEW YORK

Dear Miss ___,

Reference your unidentified observation of 17 April 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached AFD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on Project Blue Book letterhead.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

"PFD (USAFR) 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
11 July 1966

Dear ____,

Reference your unidentified observation of 17 April 1966. 
The information which we have received is not sufficient 
for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PFD 
Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.  

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the 
Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book"

- page 15 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, specifically related to an observation made on April 7, 1966 in Lake Carmel, New York.

The text on the page is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice con-cerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent? [sic]

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: QT was like a type of July sparkler

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Well-defined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? YES NO Don't know
c. Descend to the ground/and or take off again? YES NO Don't know
d. Give off smoke?  YES NO Don't know
e. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
f. Change shape? YES NO Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? YES NO Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing questions and answers about a reported UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
The object disappeared when it appeared to descend behind a group of trees.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
No, it did not move behind anything.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
Yes, it appeared to move in front of some trees.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No sound
b. Color - Looked like a very bright silver-white object

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The match head would have covered about 2 degrees of the object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The text provided in the image has been fully reproduced.

- page 17 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, filled out with handwritten responses to various questions.

The OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output of the text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 5 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ______________________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes)   (No)
b. Sun glasses   (Yes)   (No)
c. Windshield   Yes   (No)
d. Window glass   Yes   (No) 
e. Binoculars    (Yes)   No
f. Telescope   (Yes)   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   (No)
h. Other ________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A saucer

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photograph. However, it does contain a detailed sketch and diagram related to the observation of unidentified flying objects.

Transcribed text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. They apparently moved originally, moved the other way, then moved upward.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 5
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

NEAT CLIFF
THESE 9 WERE FAST
OF THE CLIFFS
AND OVER

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TRANSCRIPTION OF TEXT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. March 29, 1966 approx. 4pm Lake Carmel, N.Y. Stae Route 52 about 3 miles west of Lake Carmel, N.Y. 10512 March 29, 1966 - 3 near my home
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
LAKE CARMEL, N.Y. 10512
RD1 - BOX 4906, WALDEN CONCORD RD., WALDEN, N.Y. 10975
RD2, LAKE CARMEL, N.Y. 10512
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME (Last, First Middle) 
ADDRESS RD1 - BOX 4906, WALDEN CONCORD RD., LAKE CARMEL, N.Y. 10512
TELEPHONE NUMBER 914-244-3920 SEX FEMALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. 
On question 30, I was even kind of cliffy home ever new, have seen object 2 twice over Peekskill, N.Y. One object I saw was over Peekskill, was very low, and I could not see most of body.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
  APRIL  1966
Day Month Year
Lake Carmel Resident on April 4, 1966

- page 20 -

The image contains a handwritten document that appears to be part of a UFO report from Project Blue Book. The document does not contain any photographs, but only text and a hand-drawn diagram.

The text in the document is as follows:

On April 1, 1966, my husband and I were on our way to Peekskill, when we saw an object about across our car. It appeared a little past the horizon, changing direction, went a little further, stopped, changed direction again, then disappeared. The time was 7:50 P.M. The sky was clear in this area.

[Diagram showing the object's movements]

I could see the shape of the object, and a green dome (except for the dark spot looking like a door) on the top. I't's the closest I've ever seen one. The object moved South West to North.

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing handwritten text.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 July 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

red lights on the object seemed to be around the object. the blue-green lights seemed in one place. there was also sound.

- page 22 -

