PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 27 May 1966 28/0345Z

2. LOCATION: Kettering, Ohio (2 Witnesses)

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3-4 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: NE

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Probable (SATELLITE - ECHO II)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers noted star like object moving not as fast as an a/c. Object was visible for about 3 minutes moving behind some trees. Observers have never seen satellite before.

FORM: FTD SEP 65 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
27 May 66
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 10 A.M.
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Dayton, yard & st.

Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
3 0 4
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull-moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

Handwritten note: "Looked just like a close star"

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

Handwritten note: "not as bright as a star"

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
"Lg. Star"

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
                    Yes   No   Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?         
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Handwritten note at bottom: "Passed very briefly past."


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: ______

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ______

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   to high to make noise
b. Color   pale - sunset

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other back yard

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank] miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other: [blank]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten response] Star


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are ct the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

E - NE

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

My one


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
never - saw feeling it but it didn't look like it

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
her mother saw it

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] Kettering, City
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]   AGE: 23   SEX: Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
would like to know what was really it

never seen a satellite

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

Page 6 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 7 -

Conversation 5 July 66 with witness of sighting. Object did not disappear while they were watching it. It moved behind some trees and the object was no longer visible. Object was visible for about three minutes.


- page 8 -

