PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
14 July 66 15/0302

2. LOCATION
St Clair, Pennsylvania

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (AIRCRAFT) (X JAH)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Four

No data presented to indicate object could not have been an A/C.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 Minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted four star like lights which at first resembled the sputniks but lights blinked. One object appeared from west and two outer sputniks disappeared from right and center one stopped blinking when the western one which also was traveling south turned east and began to blink.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
SSE

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
X No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
X No

FORM
FTD SEP 64 0-329 (TDE)

Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
14 July 66
Day   Month  Year

2. Time of day: 9 30
           Hour  Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
St Clair, PA 17971 Schuylchild
Nearest Postal Address     City or Town     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours    Minutes    Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
                     d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? By Clock
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY X    NIGHT
a. Clear    a. Bright
b. Cloudy   b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light- Might look like a spotlight
e. Don't remember - Looks like a blinking light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Seems as bright as light until it starts blinking

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Followed its long ago. Will I couldn't trace its way longer

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: Seemed to be behind a tree then it would disappear then come out again

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: Seemed to move in front of some other object

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Bright, very light, just over wing feature

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
City of

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Observed like a rectangular size. Rear moved from movement further aside of first. Came in between two dimensions of length of plane. Plane was positioned to direction of wing of plane. Opposite edge of plane watched light. I drew the shape of light. Disappeared from right to left. Looked like a bright light into view and from demurs as they disappeared from right.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Several times faster than a lightning

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES? then how far away would you say it was? Several hundred miles away

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other: Eyeglasses

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Like one of the the bright stars only brighter like an very star which it began blinking a fraction of


- page 5 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Handwritten text appears to describe the object's motion, but parts are difficult to read clearly]

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
[Handwritten text describes multiple objects, including their relative positions and movement]

The page also contains:
- A compass rose diagram
- A sketch showing angle measurements from 0° to 90°
- A silhouette of a person observing something in the sky


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
For spectacular bright clear night possibly linking this other two & cherry came on the
other two did.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
St.Clair, Pa-17970

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                 St.Clair, Pa-17970
TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE 50   SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Saw one on the ground & human with in 1940 
Saw another near or High Tension line or about 
1952 or so. Recall night like was clear flying plane 
it was 20 or 30 ft high shaped other plane 
other, most of a small dome-like 
Seen after chasing 3 disk shaped object 
in a woods 15 P.M. or so near 
Lansing, near Scranton, saw another ground 
in Schuylkill near Pottsville both miles away from 
[rest of text is partially illegible]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[text is partially illegible]


- page 7 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    7     2    66
                                                    Day   Month  Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Nobody was able to tell me of the findings & I felt sort of history or what object actually occurred, but the only direction it 0 is about 5.2 was read & was revealed showed left from the fact that though they were more or less just finished bathing on the Power line and it was getting dark but what were funny, next time I saw this object was not though I thought it or small building by the tree I found. This was at Wolf creek near St Clair about 10 miles over unbelievably individually & does relieves after hope may be played with me or the men only about 5 or 6 miles & left tell me small no city & he to the searching ground site looking & some sighting.

About 5 or 6 miles away on our last trip I was driving & combat & investigate but I can't write down. From Point Fight Co St Clair Coal Co one or two Coal operator & nobody had any equipment in the area on with date I don't know. I was object read regular who sighted from a ship but Florida was like place from electric. Following this object went to a Power line.


- page 8 -

