PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE/TIME GROUP
5 June 66 07/0320Z

2. LOCATION
Spooner, Wisconsin (4 witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENTIFIED

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
25 Seconds

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer saw two objects, definitely revolving, and heading in a NE direction. The sighting was preceded by strange behavior of water in the lake. The two objects were brightly lighted, disc shaped, supersincture being plainly visible. Objects were only seen by wife. No radar contact with the unknown was made. No sound reported such as sonic boom.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NE

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FTD 0-62 0.129 (TDE)


- page 1 -

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
International Airport
Duluth, Minnesota

Col. Eric T. de Jonckhcere
Deputy For Technology and Subsystems
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Attn: TDETR - July 11, 1966

Dear Sir:

The radar in use by the Federal Aviation Agency in Duluth would not be able to reflect a target in the area you specified. Our normal operating range is 30 miles, with a maximum raw radar range of 60 miles.

We appreciate your inquiry and regret that we have no information for you.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
James W. Timmons
Chief, Rapcon/Tower

JWT/el


- page 2 -

8 Sept. 66

Contact with Osceola AFS, Wisconsin concerning radar contact with the alleged UFO that was observed over Spooner, Wisconsin on 6 June 66. There was no radar contact with an unidentified flying object on the above date. Osceola AFS number is 715-78-2161.


- page 3 -

TEETER

UFO Observation, Spooner, Wisconsin, 6 June 1966

Federal Aviation Agency
Duluth International Airport                                                                   JUL 11 1966

This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report for 6 June 1966. We would appreciate your office forwarding a statement as to whether or not an unusual observation was noted on radar at approximately 0320/7 June 1966, approximately 70 miles from the Duluth Airport on an azimuth of 150 (10 miles East of Spooner, Wisconsin). This information will enable us to make a firm evaluation.

ERIC T. de JUNGHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR:    TEETER   Maj H Quintanilla, Jr.   DATED   11 Jul 66

[Signatures/Stamps]


- page 4 -

IDEN
UFO Observations

[Handwritten at top of page: Potato Lake, Wisc. 6 Jun 66  67/234-2]

[Stamped date: JUN 24 1966]

Mr. [name blacked out]

Reference your recent letter regarding unidentified observations made by yourself and [text blacked out]. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you and complete the attached AFD Form 164 and return them in the envelope provided. We wish to assure you that your name will not be released without your permission. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
PFD Form 164, 2 cys, w/envelope

COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR: W. J. Morley, Jr.        DATED: 22 Jun 66
TDSN/UFO MAJ MCCARTANILLA, JR        DATED: 23 Jun 66


- page 5 -

This appears to be a Montgomery Ward Auto Service Center invoice/receipt with the following key details:

Customer Address:
ANDERSON, INDIANA

Date: 5/20/66

Invoice Number: 109273-16

Services include:
- Install Tires
- Total Cash Price: $5.68
- Balance: $5.68

The document is a standard automotive service receipt with various sections for service details, pricing, and customer information. Some areas are blacked out or obscured.


- page 6 -

Mon. June 6-1966 approx 9:25 PM. Order Platte Lake
12 miles east of Spooner, Wise. - road 70
2 revolving brightly lighted, disc shaped, slightly plainly
visible, supertensive perceptible, very bright orange
light most noticeable in supertensive. One immediately
to the rear slightly above other. Both definitely revolving
not successively wobbling, located on a section or a line
between Stone Lake + Hayward Wise. mainly N.E.

Different colored lights on main bodies of jets revolving -
like silver, silver, no clouds, stars visible. This sighting was
preceded by strange behavior of order in lake, much like
gently rocking of find boat - around of boat marker. Absolutely
no sign of "object" at all. This was followed by
sighting of very bright, by "satellite" crossing horizon from N.W.
to S.E. - approx 25° a 30° then south, brightly then any star
or planet sky, moving very slow, taking 30 min rise to cross
horizon. Roughly this was around 9:40 PM.

Hayward Wise.
WISC.


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

6

Dear Sirs,

I am writing this letter more or less as a report on a unidentified flying object, seen by myself with accompanying incidents witnessed by myself. I wish to report the whole local district, on insistence by my wife for fear of ridicule, harassment etc. Occasionally accompanied such reports. My wife was also taken aback by this. I spent nearly the entire night trying to calm her nerves, while describing the objects as pretty beautiful, weird, as I will this little note, she says the experience was as though she were witnessing the civilization from the world in action. Please bear in mind, this is not a "touch pot" or "Blue Onion" report, but rather


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

re of a very curious nature. Richville west,
I feel it my duty to report this incident
as someone of proper authority can
weigh it's value. Following is a
description of my experience, close in
detail as we can gather. My wife & I
were fishing on a quiet, calm evening on
Potato Lake, 12 miles east of Spooner, Wisconsin
one He was 70. It was still light
enough to see a few deer any aircraft or fly
in sky a just just dark enough to see
flights stars & any light in sky.
The lake began to act up, much
like the gently rocking of a fish boat
then shortly after my wife noticed
2 circular, distinct, brightly lighted
revolving objects with bright orange
lighter suspension twist revolving
lights on main body, now some
what lower, lower in sky


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

One directly behind alone the last
of jet. My wife watched in attention, how
I stared at her, but I wasn't in time to see object run
did I see any ground. I move on
low passed it off as material until
she began to describe "Vehicle".

Her description: 2 dish like, vertically
brightly lighted, definite outline of
suspension low. Bea. 1/2 city, orange
light in upper section flights or
main section revolving with man-
body, definitely not an airplane,
helicopter or conventional aircraft but
something unbelievably constructed
+ controlled. This was followed
by very bright white obj. Came
hours on shortly afterwards. This
obj. or satellite was apparently very bright
taken 30 minutes so it cross


- page 10 -

Encl:

Accompanying letter signed
the same information, but written
down immediately after incident
to help preserve details.

It is my very sincere effort
open up that this incident
wants attention, I feel most
Conscientious photo file given
this report.

Sincerely,

[Redacted name]
46 c.11.


- page 11 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
6   June   1966
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:  9   20
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One):  A.M. or  P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One):  a. Eastern         (Circle One):  a. Daylight Saving
               b. Central                        b. Standard
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Partially illegible text]   Spooner   Wisconsin
Nearest Postal Address        City or Town        State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours    Minutes    Seconds
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Beyond reasonable approximate short time
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?  Yes  X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                 NIGHT
    a. Bright           a. Bright
    b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):  a. In front of you     d. To your left
               b. In back of you      e. Overhead
               c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Blank line]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other [Blank line]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No other acts until hidden by tree tops

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ______

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ______

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: no sound noticeable
b. Color: metal, dull, like aluminum surface, bright surface

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 1/4 "1/3

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Handwritten notes and sketches accompany this section, including descriptions like:
- Both objects tilted, theory: observe rotation
- Rear of object like lights
- Unusually bright orange glow coming from within signal]


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 30 M.P.H.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3/4 to 1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other on a lake

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other on a lake surrounded

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ______miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other _______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

An inverted dish + pink with an inverted dome on top, might give a swimming, top-inverted


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten text below the drawing]: Didn't wobble or zig-zag, but rotated & followed a straight path

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] Anderson, Jno. 46611
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 24   SEX: FEM.

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Have never seen anything like it, never heard of so called "Flying-saucer" until last 3 or 4 mos. never have seen any picture or sketch of UFO's I draw what I saw without any suggestion from anyone. These are in report

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Wrote to the Governor of Wisconsin about 1 wk later
Day    Month    Year
10 P.M.   June   1966   Wisconsin State D.C.


- page 17 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 June 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

This is an honest + true picture of 2 vehicles, positioned slowly, moving slowly in a uniform line, one behind + a little above the other, definite outline of 2 discs with square structure, square windows, apparent all rotating together, a bright orange glow from within square windows, a row of "sparkle" like lights across lower body rotating in a line with body as if stationary, not appearing as reflection nothing noticeable on outer ring of lights. Definite square on a brownish like dark body, giving the impression of a "North shell" on "dashboard". Not sound noticeable. Definitely not aircraft or helicopter. This is an exceptionally good sighting, that can only be defined as very well, unexplainable. Weather balloons, reflections, clouds, gas elements be ruled out in this case. This man - just ok drunk, just slight enough to see all structures + yet dark enough to see lights + "sparkle".


- page 18 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Page 8

Upper part - light orange
Bright square windows
Bright some white time
While - Sparkle

Checkerbord turtle shell surface

Top
View

The document contains two hand-drawn diagrams of what appears to be a UFO - one from a side view and one from a top view. The text appears to be describing characteristics of the object.


- page 19 -

