The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a filled-out Project Blue Book record form with various fields, including date, time, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, photos, and physical evidence. The text in the form is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 1-22 NOV 66 2415Z
2. LOCATION: Collierville, Tenn. (multiple)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Varied
8. PHOTOS: - 
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Output from the OCR system:

FFID (LETTER) -82
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
7 November 1966

Collerville, Tennessee 38017
Dear Mr. 

Reference is your unidentified observation of 1 and 2 November 1966. Your report has been received for evaluation. Request you complete the attached UFO Sighting Report Form 164, and return it to us for analysis.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jt. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically a questionnaire filled out by an observer.

Text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement you make, but this personal information is necessary so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? DAY / NIGHT 

2. Time of day: 1:15 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Collierville, Tenn. 

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 MINUTES Seconds 

5.1 How was time determined? Certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Clear

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FORM 677-32 164. This form supersedes FTD 104, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely a questionnaire or form for a UFO sighting.

Page 9
8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moon/light
b. Bright, but moon obscured
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same 
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly appear and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Make any noise? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document, containing a series of questions and answers about a reported UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it simply disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Silence
b. Color - Permanent brilliant white color with a flashing blinking light at intervals.

18. We wish to know the angular size of the object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(Sketch shown is a round shape with no discernible features)

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, just a text-based form with questions related to sighting an unidentified flying object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes -50 mph No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes - 1-1.5 mi No

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city? 
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) East-Northeast

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes
b. Sun glasses Yes
c. Windshield Yes
d. Window glass No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a diagram and text that appears to be part of a UFO investigation document.

Transcribed text:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2-3 What do you think any connection between the objects were, and in what direction(s) were they traveling?

- page 7 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Output of OCR:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
ONLY 162 NOV

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)            Yes      No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)                  Yes      No  
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: Family of 4 oc 5'

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted] 
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 20-24     SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Dec 1966, Memphis Tennessee

- page 8 -

