PROJECT 1007 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
22-23 February 66 DAWN

2. LOCATION
Sandyhook, Conn. (5 Witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One each day

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1. 1 1/2 hours
2. 3 hours

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Up

8. PHOTOS
Yes
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (VENUS)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object looked like a bright star. The object moved higher in the sky as the sun came up. Object moved up and down and side to side. Its color was a blue-green metallic light. Seen before sunrise on two different days.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 3-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
22 - 2 - 66
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 12:30 - 12:45
               Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
AT HOME, ON
Sandy Hook                   Conn. Fairfield
City or Town                 State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
3 HOURS ON AND OFF
    Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? I SAW AND WATCHED IT

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                          NIGHT
a. Bright                    a. Bright
b. Cloudy                    b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Foggy, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? [Handwritten response partially illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - [Handwritten response]
b. Color - [Handwritten response]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The page includes two hand-drawn oval shapes in the sketch area]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other [handwritten text partially illegible]

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank] miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other [handwritten text partially illegible]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Handwritten text, partially illegible]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                Sandy Hook    City    Conn    Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE 49    SEX F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?    Report SFOD    USAF, Dayton
    Day        Month    Year


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

"Saucer Watcher
Not Convinced

NEWTOWN - Mrs. Alice Domaser of Riverside Rd., Sandy Hook, is far from convinced that what she saw in the heavens earlier this week was a balloon.

"I think I would know a balloon when I see one," she said.

She further explained that the object she saw in the sky at 4 a.m. in the morning had the brilliance of a star. She said she first saw it in the eastern part of the sky and it later moved to the southeast.

It was indicated yesterday that what she saw might be tested by the Robert Pollock Co. in Danbury of a remote balloon. Night testing began this week.

"The light was much brighter or than a star," she said. In an effort to obtain a better look at what she saw, she was looking at it, she said, through binoculars and peered at it through them.

She described the object as being shaped somewhat like a TV tube with the base end downward or somewhat like an ice cream cone. A somewhat bilious shape came from the bottom and at various intervals red radiance appeared to break outward from around the top in different numbers of a given moment.

Lights Vary

She said they varied from two to five in various combinations. However, she continued to watch the object for about an hour. It did not stay in one spot but appeared to hover there or move side and another and up and down, changing position from time to time.

"It was five minutes to five before I dared to call anyone," Mrs. Domaser said. She called her brother, Quigel Fleischman, and her neighbors, Mr. and Mrs. Phillip Barton.

"All first they thought I was seeing things, but I know what I saw," she said.

Mrs. Barton said she and her husband saw the same thing. Others that claim to have seen the strange objects include Mrs. Domaser's neighbors. "If it really is they would like to know what it really is they observed." "If it is made of metal or can come from outer space," they asked?

Last night Mrs. Britton told Mrs. Domaser to tell her to look quickly. That a similar object to the one they had observed earlier was in the sky. This was between 5 p.m. and 6 p.m.

Other residents of Sandy Hook have reported seeing strange "saucers" or objects in the sky during the past week.

Mrs. Domaser said "I can't afford to make a learned fool of myself. I know I'm not nuts."

There are also some handwritten notes on the right side of the document, but they are mostly illegible from this scan.


- page 8 -

