This image does not appear to contain a photograph, but rather a scanned document from Project Blue Book which provides details about a reported UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP
2. LOCATION
3. 28 August 66 28/0800Z Oregon, Wisconsin
4. SUBJECT
Astro (MOON)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 Minutes
6. COURSE OBSERVATION
Observer noted a stationary object in the sky that all of a sudden changed position. At one time the first object looked like it had a propeller on it. The second object was seen much later and looked like an elongated position. First object was a bright orange while the second object was in crescent-shaped position.
7. PHOTOS
X NO
8. VISUAL
X GND
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
X NO

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text from the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

(redacted)
Oregon Wis.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME (redacted)
ADDRESS (redacted)
TELEPHONE NUMBER (redacted)
AGE 25 SEX Female
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Air Force Intelligence Officer 27 August 1966

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a filled-out form with questions and answers regarding an unidentified object sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 to 2 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: 
No. 1 - A very large, brightly lit balloon
No. 2 - The moon.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 20TH AIR DIVISION (SAC)
TRUAX FIELD, WISCONSIN 53707

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: PO-dih

SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO: 20th USAF District Intelligence Officer
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

The following is a report of a UFO sighting on 7 August 1966.

A. Description of Object:
(1) Shape: Balloon, round - changed to irregular shape.
(2) Size: 1/6 Approx.
(3) Color: Reddish - red
(4) Number: 1
(5) Formation: N/A
(6) Maneuverability: Limited sparkles, "similar sparkle-stuff"
(7) Motion: Hover, extreme motion; up, down, sideways, around.

B. Description of Course of Object:
(1) How sighted: Visually
(2) Path: Straight, erratic, up, down, sideways, around.
(3) Elevation: Low, approx 1,000 feet
(4) Maneuvers: Immediate changes in motion, hovering, rapid.

C. Method of Observation: N/A

D. Time & Date of Sighting:
(1) Date/Time (Local): 7 Aug 66/0830
(2) Night

E. Location of Observers:
(1) Latitude/Longitude: Unknown
(2) Position: Related to known landmarks: Approx 1 mile S.W. of Fitchburg township ball park.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report with handwritten information.

Identical Flying Information on Observers:
(1) Name: [REDACTED]
(2) Age: [REDACTED] 
(3) Address: [REDACTED]
(4) Occupation/Business: [REDACTED]

Weather:
(1) Observers account of weather: Clear, a few small clouds.
(2) Surface: Calm
(3) Visibility: 15 miles
(4) Ceiling: 15000 ft 
(5) Winds: 320/20
(6) Altimeter: 30.20
(7) Thunderstorms in Area: None
(8) Surface temperature inversion: 34 was temperature inversion

Unusual Activity in Area: None

Interception or Identification action taken: N/A

Preparing Officers:
(1) Name/Grade: Frank T. Jones, 1st Lt., USAF
(2) Position: Flying Chief, Intelligence Division
(3) Preliminary analysis of cause of sighting: Unknown

Signed: Frank L. Jones

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which seems to be a questionnaire or form related to reporting sightings of unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make, unless you specifically request that it be used. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 25 May, 1966
2. Time of day: 8:30 PM
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Fitchburg, Nearest Postal Address: Fitchburg, City or Town, State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Minutes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright, b. Cloudy, NIGHT: a. Bright, b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you, b. In back of you, c. To your left, d. To your right, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember
FTD 163-164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document filled out with handwritten responses to various questions about the sighting.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON? 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One) a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: I appeared a flourescent orange.

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly pass up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know 
c. Break up, explode or fragment? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Leave a trail? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 7 -

The image on this page contains a sketch or drawing that was included in the UFO report document. The drawing appears to depict the movement and characteristics of a sighted object, with arrows and annotations describing the observed behavior.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It gradually disappeared in a few seconds.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes, it moved behind one cloud and reappeared from behind it.

16. Did the object move in front of something, particularly a cloud?
Yes, it moved in front of some clouds.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: There was no sound heard
b. Color: Very bright orange

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
No information provided for this question.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can remember, such as size, proportions, and any special features or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The drawing includes an oval shape with annotations describing the movement and characteristics of the observed object, such as "Rapid motion", "2nd object", and "took off from this position".

Text Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It gradually disappeared in a few seconds.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes, it moved behind one cloud and reappeared from behind it.

16. Did the object move in front of something, particularly a cloud?
Yes, it moved in front of some clouds.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: There was no sound heard
b. Color: Very bright orange

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can remember, such as size, proportions, and any special features or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

"Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
9 September 1966

Mrs. [redacted]
Oregon, Wisconsin 53578

Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

Reference your unidentified observation of 28 August 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Please complete the enclosed Air Force form 8718 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book"

- page 9 -

There is no visible photograph or image in this document. The image appears to be a scanned page from a report or document, containing only text and no visual elements.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2 Aug 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 10 -

The image contains a diagram and instructions related to reporting a UFO sighting. The diagram includes a compass rose and instructions for drawing the motion and direction of the observed object or objects. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, or "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

