PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 July 66  4/03:52

2. LOCATION: Dixon, Illinois

3. WITNESSES: 3 witnesses

4. SOURCE: Civilian

5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 18 seconds

7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual

8. COURSE: SSE

9. PHOTOS: ☐ Yes  ☒ No

10. CONCLUSION: Insufficient data for evaluation
(Handwritten note: "Prob. meteor + imagination")

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observers reported an object that was extremely hot, red in the front section and a bright white in the rear section. The object, as compared by witnesses, was traveling over houses and trees. The object was as bright as a light bulb at ten feet. The front section looked like a truncated cone which was on fire.

In some respects the description is consistent with that of a meteor or aircraft; however, however the object had a fairly definite shape. The late of the report prevents a detailed study and the case is being carried as insufficient data for evaluation.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

APPENDIX R

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?    3    July    1966
                                   Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:    10    :    45
                   Hour    Minutes    (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Central                   b. Standard
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other ___________

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    [Nearest Postal Address redacted]    Dixon    Illinois
                                         City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    0    6    18
                                   Hours    Minutes    Seconds

    a. Certain    c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    Used the proportion of seconds to minutes

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes X    No ___

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                NIGHT
    a. Bright            c. Bright
    b. Cloudy            d. Cloudy

* IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM            Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative Reference Service
OCT 62 164      This form supersedes JRB 184, Jul 61, which is obsolete.            May 1966


- page 2 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER? (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Bright as a light bulb at 10 feet distance

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

(Other: Front was to bright to see
sharp outline but rear section
was sharply outlined)

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Went over houses and trees.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None what/seever
b. Color - Front section - extremely bright red   Rear section - bright white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1/5 of object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch shows a hemisphere-shaped object with a brilliant red glow on one side and white on the other, with an arrow indicating movement direction]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Fairly Slow

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 200 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

Rear section looked like a solid parachute with many bright lights inside. Front section looked like a truncated cone which was on fire.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw the object. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Just ONE
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mrs. (38 yrs.)
(18 yrs.)
both live at Dixon, Illinois 61021

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS Dixon, Illinois 61021

TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 17 SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
15 October 1966
Day Month Year Midland,
Michigan 48640


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3 December 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

If you want to make sure I'm not making this up I will gladly submit to a lie detector test.

Dixon, Illinois 61024

PROJECT BLUE BOOK INFORMATION OFFICE
SAFOI
Washington, D.C. 20330


- page 8 -

The text on this page is illegible. The page appears to be a document with a border, and "Page 8" is visible in the top right corner, but no other text can be clearly read.


- page 9 -

