This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document from a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s.

The text in the image is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 8 June 1966 - 23/03 IST
2. LOCATION: Approx 200 MI East of Nashville, Tennessee (2 witnesses)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
7. COURSE: NW, then hovered and flew off toward northeast.
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION:
1. ASTRO (PLANET) 
2. CLEAR (REFLECTION OF MOON)
Observers sighted two star-like objects relative close together, lower and west of the moon, approx 1:30-2:00 O'CLOCK position. View of the objects lasted about 10 minutes. The first object headed southwest, toward horizon, at the 12:00 O'CLOCK position. The objects changed direction, one at 2:9 deg, second at 2:4 deg, then made first disappearance and reappearance about 1,200 ft., at 2:0 level. One object was the star-like. Second object possible reflection of the moon on the windshield of a/c.

- page 1 -

The image contains a questionnaire from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information, which is used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that have been observed. There is no photograph present in this image.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used in connection with any future investigations, analysis, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day - 9 Month - February Year - 1966

2. Time of day: 11:15 GMT

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? AT AIRPORT 4 MILES ON A MAJOR HIGHWAY

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 MINUTES

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day b. Night c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your back c. To your left d. To your right e. Directly behind the object

(The remainder of the text has been produced via OCR:)

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used in connection with any future investigations, analysis, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day - 9 Month - February Year - 1966  

2. Time of day: 11:15 GMT

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? AT AIRPORT 4 MILES ON A MAJOR HIGHWAY

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 MINUTES
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
a. Estimated b. Timed with watch

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day b. Night c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your back c. To your left d. To your right e. Directly behind the object

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, I have extracted the following text from the document:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. CLEAR
b. HAZY
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, "mist," or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _______________________

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Clearly defined
c. Edge brighter than center
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?                   YES   NO   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up or make any quick maneuver at any time?   YES   NO   Don't know
c. Give off a trail or tail?                                  YES   NO   Don't know
d. Change in brightness?                                   YES   NO   Don't know
e. Flash or flicker?                                          YES   NO   Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear?                                 YES   NO   Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a page from a document with a series of questions and answer options. 

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES : GRADUALLY

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): YES (Don't know) IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): in front of YES NO (Don't Know) IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - NONE b. Color - NONE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 1/2 OR 1/4

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire or form filled out.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes / No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes / No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outside, d. Other.

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In open countryside?, d. Near an airport?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. East, c. South, d. West. 24.2 How fast were you moving? 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes / No.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, c. Windshield, d. Window glass. (Circle One for each) Yes / No.

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which you observed in the sky, and would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. It contains a sketch and instructions for the observer, but does not contain any photographs. 

OCR Text Output:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
140

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[REDACTED]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 41 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
WELDER PILOT - RADIO HAM - WAS A 1200 FIGHTER

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
2 - 12 - 66 Day Month Year TO [REDACTED]

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

As per the OCR task, the text found in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

SHAPE OF OBJECT APPROXIMATELY 245 FEET IN DIAMETER - SILVER IN COLOR. NO LIGHTS VISIBLE ON OBJECT. OBJECT SEEMED TO ROTATE AT A SPEED OF APPROXIMATELY 120 MPH. OBJECT WAS FIRST SIGHTED AT APPROX 12:00 P.M. IT REMAINED IN VIEW FOR APPROXIMATELY 2 MINUTES. SEVERAL PEOPLE ALSO OBSERVED OBJECT.

- page 8 -

