The image does not contain a photograph. The provided text appears to be a scanned image of a document from Project Blue Book, describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting in Indianapolis, Indiana on September 17, 1952.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 16 September 52 - 17/05/52
2. LOCATION: Indianapolis, Indiana (1 Witness)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2.5 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: ND
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: CAPELLA was on an azimuth of 280 degrees and at an elevation of 57 degrees at the time the object was observed. There was no smoke or any kind of a vapor trail noted. The object looked like the sun, but brighter in color. There was no motion or any disappearance of the object during the time it was under observation. With the available information Capella seems a likely explanation of this observation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document says:

"UFO REPT.
The boy (about high school age) from Indianapolis, Indiana reported seeing some strange bright lights last Saturday (17 Sep. 66). He called long distance. I mailed a UFO report form to him. 
Indianapolis, Indiana"

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as it may affect details.

1. When did you see the object?
/   /   /   /
Day  Month  Year  Time

2. Time of day: ___ Hour ___ Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain ___ Hours ___ Minutes ___ Seconds
b. Fairly certain ___ Hours ___ Minutes ___ Seconds
c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was the time in sight determined? _______________
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ___ No ___

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: NIGHT:
a. Clear b. Bright a. Clear b. Bright
c. Cloudy c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

FTD GCT 64 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or survey related to the sighting of a UFO or unidentified object.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice co-cerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Can't remember 

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Can't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Can't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still or any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know
d. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
e. Change size? YES NO Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? YES NO Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 4 -

This image contains a photograph showing a section of what appears to be a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image does not contain a human face, so I will proceed with describing the contents of the document.

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _Bright_
b. Color _(Bright or white)_

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
_Disappearing completely_

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, proturberances, etc., and especially show how the object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an oval-shaped object.]

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this document. Instead, it appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

Page 4
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 5 to 10 miles per hour
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 mile to 1 mile
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At a
f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One) 
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Binoculars Yes No 
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Theodolite Yes No
f. Other
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Big grey bottle.

- page 6 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains two images - a sketch showing the elevation of an unidentified object above the horizon, and a compass-style diagram.

The text output from the optical character recognition (OCR) of the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph or image present in the provided document. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME   Last Name   First Name   Middle Name  
ADDRESS  Street    City   Zone   State
TELEPHONE NUMBER  
AGE  SEX 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
_______________ Year Month _______________

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a questionnaire or report. 

The text in the image is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 Sept 19__66

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Came on slightly strange, noticed an object hovering over something which appeared to be something not of this world watching the object fly off, seemed to be very large object saw nothing else.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document. 

Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
30 September 1966

Indianapolis, Indiana 46219

Dear 

Reference your unidentified observation of 17 September 1966. 
The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached AID form 164.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the
Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 10 -

