The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
13 September 66 13/0335Z San Bernadine, California (1 Witness)
3. SOUROE 5. CONCLUSION
Civilian Possible (AIRCRAFT)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 6. DETAILS OF OBSERVATION
TWO A special sighting has been observed such as the firing of 
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION an air-to-air missile.
5 Seconds 8. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched two lights disappear into the background
lighting. The lights moved in a horizontal motion, slower than
a normal aircraft. The object was a white light moving horizontally with the ground.
There was a short blink or period where the light was not visible. The flare stopped, a smaller red object moved from the front of the main white object and was proceeding ahead of it, when both were lost in background lighting.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
D YEs

Text from the project 10073 record:
DATE - TIME GROUP: 13 September 66 13/0335Z  
LOCATION: San Bernadine, California (1 Witness)
SOURCE: Civilian
CONCLUSION: Possible (AIRCRAFT)  
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: TWO
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 Seconds
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer watched two lights disappear into the background lighting. The lights moved in a horizontal motion, slower than a normal aircraft. The object was a white light moving horizontally with the ground. There was a short blink or period where the light was not visible. The flare stopped, a smaller red object moved from the front of the main white object and was proceeding ahead of it, when both were lost in background lighting.
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: D YES

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document with handwritten text.

The text in the document is as follows:

Dear Sir:

On Monday, September 12, at approximately 8:35 P.M., I saw an object in the sky which I could not identify. I would like to point out that I am 17 years old and have been intensely interested in all aeronautical items since I was 9 years old. I receive an aerospace magazine called Techno-logy Week, and I am applying now to enter the Air Force Academy. I saw all of this only to point out the validity of my observation. I live in San Bernardine, California, where Norton Air Force Base is located. There is a range of mountains north of the city which run west to east. I was looking at the sky towards the east when an object with the light intensity of a satellite came into my view heading north. Its speed was faster than any satellite that I have seen. It was also much slower than any meteor that I have seen. The object was traveling parallel with the ground and there was absolutely no sound that I could detect following the object. As I watched it head away from me, a small flare occurred behind the object for a second or two. Then from the white object a smaller red object descended from the front of the larger one to a short distance in front of it before I lost both in the haze towards the mountains. The red object just seemed to dive towards the ground, but this may have been due to the angle at which I was viewing it at that moment. I am positive I did not see an orbiting satellite or an airc raft .

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or letter discussing an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. The text describes the observer's experience and explains that they did not observe any visible trail or sound associated with the object, and they are unable to identify what they saw.

The text of the document is as follows:

"Craft of any type.  I also do not believe that what I saw was a meteor or a bolide.  My reasons for this are as follows:
Just traveiied amazingly with the ground; the speed was too slow for a meteor; there was no sound of an explosion; the lighted object left no trail that was perceptible as it passed.  If here you will send me your explanation of the object or one acknowledging my sighting and/or your inability to identify it.

Thank you."

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object that you have observed. The information that you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission and, unless this personal information is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?  
15 Day 9 Month 1966 Year

2. Time of day:
1 2 : 3 5 Hour Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): A. Eastern
B. Central 
C. Mountain
D. Pacific
E. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
SAN BERNARDINE CALIFORNIA Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
2 Hours 0 Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was object in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day: b. Night:
a. Bright c. Bright
b. Cloudy d. Cloudy
c. Clear e. Clear

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your left
d. To your right

- page 4 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document that appears to be a questionnaire or form related to Project Blue Book.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): A few, Many, Very bright, Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): Bright, Dull moonlight, No moonlight - pitch dark, Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): Clear sky, Hazy, Scattered clouds, Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): Dry, Fog, mist, or light rain, Moderate or heavy rain, Snow, Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): Solid, Transparent, As a light, Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): Brighter, About the same, Dimmer, Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): Fuzzy or blurred, Like a bright star, Sharply defined, Other, Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
Move rapidly? Yes, No, Don't know
Break up into parts or explode? Yes, No, Don't know
Give off smoke? Yes, No, Don't know
Change shapes? Yes, No, Don't know
Flash or flicker? Yes, No, Don't know
Disappear and reappear? Yes, No, Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and space for handwritten responses.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
_______________________

15. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):        Yes      (No)      Don't Know.        IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):        Yes      (No)      Don't Know.        IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _____________
b. Color _____________

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the stick is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
_______________________

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A blank space is provided for the drawing.]

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     (No) 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)     Yes     (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     b. East     c. South     d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No

25. Did you see the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes     No
b. Sun glasses     Yes     No
c. Windshield     Yes     No
d. Window-glass     Yes     No  
e. Binoculars     Yes     No
f. Telescope     Yes     No
g. Theodolite     Yes     No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing various instructions and diagrams.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
ADDRESS: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
AGE: SEX: 

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document, which appears to be a questionnaire or report related to a UFO sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 29 9 1966
35. Information which you feel important and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire as a narrative explanation of your sighting.
The document contains a lengthy handwritten narrative describing the UFO sighting, with details about the object's appearance, movement, and the witness's observations.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements other than the text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

STD (TDSER) AF
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
13 September 1966

San Bernardino, California 92404

Dear Mr. --

Reference is your unidentified observation of 12 September 1966. This observation has been received for evaluation.

Request you complete the attached PID Form 14 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 11 -

