PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
25 March 66 26/0340Z

2. LOCATION
Cambria, California

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
SE

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft (possible)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noticed brilliant orange light in the SE which disappeared and reappeared several times. A contrail was noted. Brightness of light comparable with that of aircraft landing lights.

Observers believe phenomena arose from the effects of an aircraft.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-322 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

TDEW
UFO Sighting, 25 March 1966

Hq USAF SAFDIIC (Mrs. Hunt)

Reference the attached letter from Edmund V. Sawyer regarding an observation which he made on 25 March 1966. The following is a suggested reply.

a. Dear Mr.—

Thank you for your most gracious letter of 3 April 1966. The description which you gave is excellent. Unfortunately, the average person is a poor observer; this has been confirmed time and time again in controlled experiments. Observations, such as yours, make our job much easier in identifying the stimulus which cause much sightings.

From the information you supplied, an aircraft appears to be responsible for your observation. The orange color probably was a result of the twilight glow causing a reflection off the aircraft. Between 15 to 60 minutes after sunset, the twilight glow reaches to a height of 15 - 20 degrees. The horizontal stripes become orange, yellow and greenish in that order. This could account for the unusual orange color.

We wish to thank you for your interest in Project Blue Book and for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JOCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR: MAJ/E QUINTANILLA, JR    DATED 27 Jul 66

DATED 26 Jul 66
TDEW


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

LA JOLLA, CALIFORNIA                                                27 March 1966

SIGHTING REPORT

At 7:40 PM, March 25, 1966, I was driving my family south on California Highway No. 1 from San Simeon toward Cambria, where the road is near the ocean going approximately south-east. We were at a point about 1 mile north of the position where Santa Rosa Creek empties into the ocean.

I noticed a brilliant orange light ahead and above the car, seemingly at a considerable distance. I mentioned to my son Eddie, and then it disappeared and after about ten seconds re-appeared. I drove the car to the side of the road and he and I got out. During this interval the light had been out and was back on again. It remained on about one to two minutes as we discussed it, then went out again, after again and after some time, went out for the last time.

We then noticed a contrail, unusually bright for the light of the thin crescent moon, and seemingly pure white as though the light of the recently set sun was not augmenting the brilliance. The contrail had a large "head" at the point where the light had been last seen, and thus had the appearance of a match with a huge head. We searched for the light for about five minutes without success, although we projected the contrail with time allowances. We estimated the altitude and azimuth, direction and length of the contrail. We then returned to Cambria Pines Inn.

The light did not abruptly turn off or on, but took about one half to one second, like an incandescent. The light did not seem to fluctuate in brightness at any time, and seemed to maintain the same radiance throughout the observations. The brightness can be compared with that of aircraft landing lights at Lindbergh Field, and was perhaps twice the brightness of the light of a plane in the vicinity of this field when directed toward my home, about five miles away.

The sky was brilliantly clear with stars of fifth magnitude easily visible. Checking with Polaris, the "head" of the contrail was estimated to be of 450 Altitude and 80° Azimuth, plus/minus 5°. The contrail, head north-westerly, appeared to us to be pointing at 2:30 O'clock and was about 60 in length. At the time of observations, it had been fully dark only 20-30 minutes, but the sun had set long before. The contrail did not disperse apparently during the time we observed it; about ten minutes. No sound was heard at any time.

My opinion is that these phenomena arose from the effects of an aircraft, probably a military or commercial jet, probably the latter, was flying at about 20,000 feet. The plane encountered condensation conditions in a narrow area and a crew member turned on the landing light several times to observe bits of growing mist. The plane ran through the end of the zone, causing a burst of condensation, or perhaps an afterburner. I cannot explain the brilliant orange color.


- page 3 -

LA JOLLA, CALIFORNIA

3 April 66

United States Air Force
Unidentified Flying Objects Section
Washington, D.C.

Gentlemen:

The enclosed report is probably easily explained yet aircraft activity.

Some unusual aspects of the phenomenon may make the report worth your reading.

Yours truly,

EVS:dk
Inc.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

No CASE INFO ONLY

25 March
LAGUNA, CALIF

Mrs. Hunt/bp/SAFOICC/7284/29 Jul 66

JUL 2 9 1966

Dear [redacted]

Thank you for your recent letter regarding your aerial observation on March 25, 1966. Observations such as yours make our job much easier in identifying the stimulus which cause such sightings.

From the information you supplied, an aircraft appears to be responsible for your observation. The orange color probably was a result of the twilight glow causing a reflection off the aircraft. Between 45 to 60 minutes after sunset, the twilight glow reaches to a height of 15 to 20 degrees. The horizontal stripes became orange, yellow, and green in that order. This could account for the brilliant orange color.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
1st Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

La Jolla, California

[Coordination section at bottom with partially filled out form]

COORDINATED BY (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date)
SAFOIC-CC                 SMSgt-C

[Additional routing information at bottom of page]


- page 5 -

