The image does not contain any photographs, only text on a form titled "PROJECT 10073 RECORD".

OCR output:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 11 June 66 - 12/0111Z
2. LOCATION: Vineland, N. J.
3. SOURCE: Civilians
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 minute
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
7. COURSE: S
8. PHOTOS: 
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Satellite (Echo II)

Object was oval shape. Moved so fast that it looked like the size of a pea and then disappeared.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

PID (ITEM)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
23 June 1966

Vineland, New Jersey

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 11 June 1966, which you have reported to the Air Force, the information you have provided is not sufficient for evaluation. Records your complete report and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
VICTOR GRAPHICS, Major, USAF
CHJF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter.

17 JUN 1966
Vineland, New Jersey

Thank you for your fine letter reporting your sighting of an unidentified flying object on june 11, 1966. Your detailed description of the object was very clear.

As you may know the military has established a U.F.O. screening at Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio - their primary research facility in this matter. Information on objects sighted is forwarded to them.

I have forwarded your letter to the screening center. If they need any additional information they will contact you directly. Your interest in this matter is indeed appreciated.

Sincerely yours,
M. R. CHARLES
Commanding Officer

Copy to:
(Blind) Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with some text and a stamp indicating "OFFICIAL BUSINESS" and "NAVAL AIR RESERVE".

The text on the image includes:
NAS WILLOW GROVE PA 19090
OFFICIAL BUSINESS
Commander
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio 45433
POSTAGE AND FEES PAID
NAVY DEPARTMENT

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible, concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make.

1. When did you see the object? June 1, 1966
2. Time of day: 8:00 A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? VINELAND, NEW JERSEY
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? c. Not very sure
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes _X_ No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): d. To your left

FORM FTO OCT 63 164 This form supersedes FID 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and answer choices related to the observation of a UFO and its characteristics.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Very bright, b. A few, c. Many
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight, d. Can't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clearly, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Can't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. As a light, d. Can't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Other

13. Did the object appear to stand still at any time? a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't know.

The OCR output of the text in the document is:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Very bright, b. A few, c. Many
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight, d. Can't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clearly, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Can't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. As a light, d. Can't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: ___/__/_____/___

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Other

13. Did the object appear to stand still at any time? a. Yes, b. No, c. Don't know.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document. The page appears to be a questionnaire or form with various questions about the sighting of a UFO object.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Slowly, Broke up into a pun head them disappeared

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered "Yes" in front of

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered "Yes" in front of

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape Oval
b. Color Brilliant white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object that was sighted. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
CANNOT GIVE SIZE

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing all the details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially exhaust trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(The document contains a blank space for the drawing, but no drawing is present in the provided image.)

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire or form with various questions for the observer.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? YES (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? YES (No) 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city or country?
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No (Circle One)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle YES or NO for each)
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)
e. Telescope Yes (No)
f. Binoculars Yes (No)
g. Theodolite Yes (No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you observed.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram. The sketch depicts a curved horizon line with angular measurements, a compass rose, and instructions for the observer to imagine a scenario and draw the motion or arrangement of objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved high line where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same sketch to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
YES. PREVIOUSLY SEEN OBJECT APPROXIMATELY 2230 HOURS, AUGUST 24, 1966 NEAR VINELAND, NJ 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: UNKNOWN

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 16
SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be pertinent to your report: INTERESTED IN ASTRONOMY AND UFO'S

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Immediately to Matthew Kline, investigator of NICAP.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten letter or note, where the sender expresses thanks to the recipient for something that was misplaced.

The text in the image reads:

"Sorry, that could not be return. The information you wanted was misplaced.
Think You"

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

"34. Date you completed this questionnalre: 25 june 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire is a narrative explanation of your sighting UFO. 

The night of the sighting it was raining and thunderstorming and I was driving my car to Vineland, N.J. on route 47. I first noticed the object as a bright light and at first I thought it might be a helicopter, but as I got closer I realized that it was much larger than a helicopter and was floating and gliding across the sky very fast and very low, about tree top level. The object did not have any running lights and made no sound at all. I watched it for over a minute as it glided across the sky and then it seemed to disappear into the clouds. I cannot say whether or not it went straight up or just disappeared. I was quite upset by the sighting as I had never seen anything like this before and I still do not know what it was. I just hope that this information in of some use to you. I am willing to cooperate further if you need any other information."

- page 12 -

