PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
14 March 1966 14/1030

2. LOCATION
Trenton, Michigan

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Other (CONFLICTING DATA)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted bright whitish blue light in the sky approaching from the W. As object approached radio tower, object made abrupt movement around the station. When object speeded up its color faded when object slowed down the color became brighter. Observer saw same object 6 weeks earlier. Conflicting data noted when observer states in one place object did not disappear and in another it did.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
E to W

8. PHOTOS
XX No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
XX No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.

Handwritten notes: "1 witness" and "similar" are also visible on the document.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12 MAY 1966
    Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

when the object speeded up its color faded
when it slowed down the color became
brighter.
the weather was cold and the week
before that had been cold in
I saw these things before I read
about them in the paper


- page 2 -

FTD (TDEN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
10 May 1966

Trenton, Michigan 48183

Dear

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 14 March 1966. The information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Project Blue Book,
Information Office,
SA FOL, Washington, D. C.,
20330.

Dear Sirs;

My name is [redacted] and I am thirteen years old. I am alaround space enthusiast. I've been reading up on these UFO's or extraterrestrial vehicles as you call them. I understand that the greatest percentage of these sightings can be explained, but I think I have one that might fall into the unidentified category.

I'm a Detroit Free Press carrier in Trenton, Michigan and I get up quite early in the morning to deliver the newspapers. On the morning of March 14,1966 at about 5:30 in the morning I was just starting my route when I happened to look towards the W.J.R. radio tower. I usually look for the constellation Gemini. Well, as I was looking at the tower I saw a whitish blue object about the size of a basketball ( evidently they were much bigger because I was looking at it from a distance) and flying at terrific speed. At first I thought it was a meter or a falling star or some other explainable thing-- but then my thoughts changed. It began dodging around the radio station (tower) (drawing included). It came from the west out of the blue as they say and progressed steadily. It slowed down to an and then made almost a 90 degree turn going straight up and climbed to about 12000 feet, and then went into a dive heading straight down and going fast. It pulled out and flew west again and then all of a sudden it turned and went east and into another dive, turned around and went west again. Just before it was coming to the tower it made another almost 90 degree turn and went up until it turned to the east and flew away.

I watched for about ten minutes from the time it first came into view until it flew out of sight.

The morning that I saw it was a clear and cold morning meaning that the sky was cloudless without a moon. A few stars were visible but it was cold. The day before was cold also, as a matter of fact the whole week before was cold also.

There weren't any visible burning lights like the other UFO's have had on them, but I noticed something unusual every time it speeded up. The whitish blue began to fade. I didn't think much of it until I read in the paper about sending any information of these sightings into the nearest Air Force Base or Project Blue Book. I never used to believe in them but I sure do now. I'd like to know


- page 4 -

who or what they are and were they come from thats all.

Yours Truly,
Trenton, Michigan.
48183.

If were the kind of boy who imagined things I would say this was so in this case. In the contrary he is a very sensitive boy who relates such instances with reality and accuracy.

He had witnessed these so-called things six weeks prior to this sighting but, was unaware as to what they were. On the second sighting he did know they were not simply lights and was not only shook up but very scared. He now hesitates to look skyward and hurries home from his newspaper route as quickly as possible.

I certainly hope he never sees these things again as I too have seen them a year previous to his sightings and I was scared.

He composed the letter and the drawing himself. He also hopes his information will help some.

Should you want to question him further on this feel free to do so as he does wonder as to the answer to this mystery. Is there one?

Mrs.


- page 5 -

Text found in the document:

Power to
Moved 90 deg
Slightly

Came from West

West

East

Went Away

East

Tell Type


- page 6 -

TDEV/UFO

Request for UFO Evaluation,                                   13 December 1966

Hq USAF (SAFOI2C)

Reference the attached letter from requesting the evaluation on his sighting of 14 March 1966. A detailed study on the sighting has been completed. His case is being placed in the "Other" category, specifically, Conflicting Data.

In one place he mentions that the object disappeared after approximately ten minutes. In another place he mentions that the object did not disappear while he was watching it. The description, color-wise, is similar to that of a satellite observation. An aircraft in the distance could have been observed and at such a distance, turns would have appeared much steeper than usual. The turns could account for the color fading at times.

FOR THE COMMANDER

LOUIS DE GOES, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems                          1 Atch
                                                               Ltr
                                                               postmarked 31 Oct 66


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Sir:

14-66, Some sighting of
- 50 white objects possibly on Sept.
- You want me to form info
- out about my sighting of these
- I appreciate it. If you would like
- one of your consideration on it. I
- have read that your files are not secret
- so you might answer my request.

Thanks you.

Yours Truly,

[Note: Some text is obscured by black redaction marks, and the handwriting is somewhat difficult to read with complete certainty. The text above is my best interpretation of the visible text.]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
14 MARCH 1966
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 5:32 30
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is blacked out]
City or Town: TRENTON    State or County: MICHIGAN

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
             10
             Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? BY A WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Brighter than a street light or the lights on a car tower

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes | No | Don't know
Yes | No | Don't know
Yes | No | Don't know
Yes | No | Don't know
Yes | No | Don't know
Yes | No | Don't know
Yes | No | Don't know
Yes | No | Don't know


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No - the object didn't disappear

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: a radio tower for a few seconds

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: in front of a radio tower for a few seconds

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound none
b. Color a whitish blue

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
about 50% to 60% would have been covered

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

* Couldn't Tell
To well

whitish blue hazy
About THE color
Size of a
BASKET BALL

WEST ➡ EAST


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   going quite fast

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   about a mile

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?: about a mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ______________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ______________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other ______________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a medium sized faster weather balloon might if at a distance looked the size of a basketball


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
I saw one about 6 wks. prior to this in about the same general location

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS     Trenton   Mich.
TELEPHONE NUMBER     AGE 13   SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Being a Free Press Carrier

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   My Mother
14   Mar.   1966
Day   Month   Year


- page 14 -

