The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically record 10073 related to an incident that occurred on June 66, 20/02/65 in Middletown, Ohio.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: June 66, 20/02/65
2. LOCATION: Middletown, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 7 - 8 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Variable
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Aircraft (possible)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer noted object in the south which appeared as a light, being about 20 times brighter than a star. There was also a rear guard. The object was in the south then stopped, then N - W - S. The white color went out and suddenly two small red dots appeared.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which seems to be a questionnaire for reporting UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: Hour __ Minutes __
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours __ Minutes __ Seconds __
a. Not sure b. Fairly certain c. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes __ No __
6. What was the condition of the sky? Day: a. Clear b. Cloudy Night: a. Bright b. Cloudy c. Hazy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. To your left b. In front of you c. To your right d. Don't remember

FTD OCT 65 164 THIS FORM SUPERSEDES FTD 354 WHICH IS OBSOLETE

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know  
d. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
e. Change shape? YES NO Don't know
f. Change color? YES NO Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. If you know the apparent size, Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture or sketch to show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting. The text in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors 
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No d. Windshield Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No e. Windowglass Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing textual instructions and a diagram.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass to show the direction when you first saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME FIRST NAME MIDDLE NAME
ADDRESS CITY STATE ZIP
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The page contains a form with questions, but no visual elements like photographs.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: __ Day __ Month __ Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

