The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a form with various fields to be filled out, such as the date, location, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, and physical evidence.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
31 NOV 66 22/70/002
3. SOUHCE
CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE BLOWN 40 FT
6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 MINUTES
7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
SIGHTING
8. COURSE
WESTWARD
9. CONCLUSION
Insufficient data for evaluation
10. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The object was described as a very bright, maneuvering, moving toward the witnesses and disappearing. The object appeared to change its appearance to the observers, the witnesses have provided descriptions, and a detailed study.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a UFO report, containing text describing the details of an observed object.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HG UNITED STATES AIR FORCE EASE CALIFORNIA
REPLY TO: SMBB      25 NOV 1966
SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO: AFSC (FTD) 

a. Description of the object(s) observed:
   (1) Shape - first it was round then heart shaped.
   (2) Size - approximately 15 feet in diameter.
   (3) Color - bright red (sparkling).
   (4) Number - started with one than there were a few (unknown).
   (5) Formation - not applicable.
   (6) Discernible features - bright then appeared to be weak and then back to bright.
   (7) Tail, trail, or exhaust - none.
   (8) Sound - none.
   (9) Unusual features - none.

b. Description of course of object:
   (1) Observers were preparing to go to bed, looked out
   (2) Angle of elevation and azimuth - approximately 45 degrees, slowly.
   (3) Description of flight path - appeared to be moving slowly.
   (4) How object disappeared - object did not disappear.
   (5) Length of time in view - 15 to 20 minutes or prior 5 to 10 minutes during call.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

c. Manner of observation:
(1) Ground-visual
(2) No optical aids used.

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) 0700z, 22 Nov 1966.
(2) Nighttime.

e. Location of observers - looking out window of house at Sacramento, California.

f. Observers - Mr. & Mrs. C., 81 years of age and 80 years of age.

g. Weather and wind conditions at time of sighting:
(1) Observers account - unknown.
(2) Mcclellan AFB, California - 440, Dew Point 43, wind 5 knots.
(3) Ceiling - unlimited.
(4) Visibility - 15 miles.
(5) Cloud cover - none.

h. According to the Air Weather Station report, there were no logical weather phenomenon in the area at the time that would indicate an unusual sighting.

i. Interception - none.

j. From all information obtained, the two listed observers are the only ones known that saw the object. The control tower failed to corroborating their sighting. Civil Law Enforcement agencies had no reports. City Police in the area are known to them and have called them on various occasions for THE COMMANDER.

- page 3 -

