There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a document with text describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

PROJECT 1007A RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 4 January 66 0415302
2. LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Few Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Northeast
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None

10. CONCLUSION: ANALYST L. AIRCRAFT?

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer saw a grayish object heading Northeast. There was no noise. The object was one mile or less traveling faster than usual aircraft. No smoke or contrails traveling higher than usual aircraft.

FTD FSM 53-0329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image contains a diagram or sketch depicting the position of an object in the sky relative to the horizon. There is a horizon line and angles marked at 90°, 75°, 60°, 45°, 30°, and 15° above the horizon. The object is shown at various positions above the horizon, with instructions to indicate where the observer first saw the object. There is also a small compass rose diagram in the corner of the image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve that best represents the position of the object that you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

No
(Yes)
No

FROM: DAYTON RAPAZZO
U.C. PHONE 29-7004

NAME : LAST NAME FIRST NAME MIDDLE 
ADDRESS: DAYTON DAYTON OHIO 45309
TELEPHONE NUMBER: REDACTED
AGE: 32 SEX: M
INDICATE ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF, INCLUDING ANY SPECIAL EXPERIENCE, WHICH MAY BE PERTINENT: HAS WORK IN AIRCRAFT & NOT LOSS SIGHTING

WHEN AND TO WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SEEN THE OBJECT?

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a form with a handwritten response.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

as i like to be called back for explanation of report

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you furnish will be used in connection with any other similar reports that may have been received. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
DAY - Month - Year

2. Time of day: 11:30 
Hour - AM

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other - Daylight Saving Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
HUDGEN HEIGHT - NORTH - DAYTON - MONT

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 
Certain - 5 Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No 

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY - a. Bright b. Clear c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD DC 43 184 This form supersedes FTD 102 and 102-1, which are obsolete.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. Many, c. A few, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull or not bright, c. No moonlight, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember
Other: 1:10

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't know b. Suddenly speed up or dart away at any time? Yes, No, Don't know c. Make any sound? Yes, No, Don't know d. Give off smoke? Yes, No, Don't know e. Change brightness? Yes, No, Don't know f. Flash or flicker? Yes, No, Don't know g. Disappear and reappear? Yes, No, Don't know

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. As instructed, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Just went out like a light

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know. IF you answered it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know. IF you answered in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Bright pink

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. If you have performed this experience before, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Twice size of match head

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing things like wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails if any are or were visible. The drawing should show the direction the object was moving.
[A simple circular sketch is provided with the text "Fairly round" underneath]
Just before it disappeared a small light disappeared at the bottom of the light object.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about an unidentified object sighting.

29. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Soen 1200 mph 

30. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 

31. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)  
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot in open countryside
d. In an aircraft (type)
e. At sea
f. Other Tnxl Sefacg cca an

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you observed. 

- page 8 -

The image contains a sketch that appears to be part of a document related to UFO sightings. The sketch depicts an aerial view with various angles and compass directions. There is also a compass rose shown on the right side of the image.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve that shows the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.

No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

SAMUEL SMITH 
5571a DAYTON, OHIO

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME SAMUEL SMITH
ADDRESS 5571a DAYTON, OHIO 
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE ADULT SEX M

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting report.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific point questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document reads:

"MEMO ROUTING SLIP
TO 4 JAN 66
3401 Dayton, OHIO
REMARKS
330 - 3:45 - FENN SIGHTING
NORTH, 5-10 SECONDS
DISAPPEAR - FLEW OUT OF SIGHT
CLEAR SKY
LOCATION: W 13TH - 5 COURT
RANGER: NO STAR TRAIL, FASTER THAN JET"

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a government project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 4 January 66 05/0316Z
2. SOURCE: 04V11-m
3. LOCATION: Dayton, Ohio
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (METEOR)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers say a greenish white light, much larger than a usual meteor, moved across the sky at a relatively low altitude. They stated that it was similar to a meteor, but its path was horizontal. There were no A-reports.
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: Not Stated
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document reads:

Mr. [redacted]
Cincinnati 36, Ohio

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Reference your unidentified observation of 4 January 66. The information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation. Therefore, we have completed the attached Form 1612 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 14 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
26 January 66

Mr. [REDACTED]
Cincinnati 36, Ohio

Dear [REDACTED],

On 8 January a satellite, ECHO I, passed North of Cincinnati at 52 degrees elevation heading Southeast. This passed the satellite to the North and East of Cincinnati. No other unusual phenomena were observed simultaneously with a satellite sighting. Subsequently, ECHO I was seen from Cincinnati on 23 January passing from the North to the South. However, ECHO I will pass South of Cincinnati on 26 January at 52.13 AM EST and South of city, 23 degrees above horizon, at 25.18 AM EST on 27 January. So the satellite passage above described was not unusual.

Your observation was extremely accurate in describing the satellite motion and is consistent with our letter of 24 January. This is in response to your letter requesting additional data. Since the only other observation was the satellite passage, it is not necessary for you to call us on your telephone to identify it.

Sincerely,
VICTOR CHRISTIANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerospace Information Officer

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or form from the U.S. Air Force regarding an unidentified aerial phenomenon sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as completely and accurately as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give may be used in connection with any analysis, conclusions, or publications, without your permission. We request that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 4-3-65
2. Time of day: 7:30 A.M.
3. Time Zone: a. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Centerville DAYTOn, MUNICIPAL AIRPORT, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 MINUTES
5.1 How was time in sight determined? ESTIMATED
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY, PARTLY CLOUDY
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to you and the object? b. In back of you

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observer's sighting of the object.

"8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Full moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
[Handwritten text]

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes/No/Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes/No/Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes/No/Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes/No/Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes/No/Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes/No/Don't know
h. Disappear and not reappear? Yes/No/Don't know"

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and response fields.

Extracted text:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Couldn't tell, disappeared in hazi

15. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.   If you answered YES, it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.   If you answered YES, it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound None
b. Color Greenish white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object. If you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Quite large, object was distal

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the direction the object was moving, and specifically without trails or some indication of the direction the object was moving.
Slightly oblong, no trail

- page 18 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, which was a project by the United States Air Force to investigate UFO reports.

The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or report form with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object. The questions cover details such as the speed, distance, and location of the observed object, as well as the observer's actions and perceptions during the sighting.

The text is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Very very fast

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other in a (blotted out) Tower

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West f. Northeast g. Southeast h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other Chemicals Some

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you observed.
Whitish in colour not very high up appeared to be disc shaped and kept appearing and disappearing and moving rapidly first at one place then another.

- page 19 -

