The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT UFOD RECORI) 
3. LOCATION 	Springfield, Ohio 
10. CONCLUSION 
Probable AIRCRAFT WITH AFTERBURNING
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched a semi-circle glow like a flare travel up diagonally toward the sky until it was out of sight. The object was larger than any falling star they have seen. No sound was heard during the observation.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing diagrams and text.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve where the object was first seen. Place a "B" on the curve where you last saw the object. Show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the curve where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, o "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The image appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a now-defunct U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcribed text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: _______ Day _______ Month

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questions above or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

PTD (ADDR) R
W122-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
31 October 1966

Mrs. ***
Springfield, Ohio 45503

Dear Mrs. ***,

Reference your unidentified observation of October 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a series of questions and checkboxes related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Few, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. THE SHAPE OF THE OBJECT WAS:
(Circle description) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Definitely outlined

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush across the sky at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a questionnaire or form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information, likely related to the reporting of unidentified aerial phenomena or UFO sightings as part of Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possibly concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give for research purposes will not be used in connection with any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 29 OCT 64 Day Month Year
2. Time of day: Hour (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? SPRINGFIELD City or Town State
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)  Yes  (No)  It seemed very fast

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)  Yes  (No)  If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
(c.) Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  c. East  e. South  g. West
b. Northeast  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. North

24.2 How fast were you moving? ________________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)  YES  NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes  No
b. Sun glasses  Yes  No
c. Windshield  Yes  No
d. Window glass  Yes  No
e. Binoculars  Yes  No
f. Telescope  Yes  No
g. Theodolite  Yes  No
h. Other _____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object or objects you saw.
The object seemed, to the best of my recollection, a round or oval-shaped object, silvery in color, bright and dazzling, which moved silently and at seemingly tremendous speed. There were no wings or other appendages visible, and it gave the impression of being solid rather than a flashing or flickering light. Its motion was steady and continuous, rather than darting or bobbing.

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and blank spaces for written responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? bright 

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No  Don't know.  If you answered YES, it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No  Don't know.  If you answered YES, it moved in front of: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: silent
b. Color: round and brightly lit

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, such as a building, and estimate how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? cannot estimate

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the parts of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or places on arrow besides the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The text in the document has been transcribed as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? bright
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No  Don't know.  If you answered YES, it moved behind:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No  Don't know.  If you answered YES, it moved in front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: silent
b. Color: round and brightly lit
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, such as a building, and estimate how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? cannot estimate
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the parts of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or places on arrow besides the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a page from an old UFO report document. 

Text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city b. In the residential section of a city c. In open country?/d. Near an airport? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? ___________ miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you saw.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed UFO object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something of any time, particularly a cloud?
   (Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know. IF you answered YES, it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
   (Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know. IF you answered YES, it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
   a. Sound
   b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. If you had performed this experiment sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the wings, protrusions, etc., and especially the exhaust trails or any other features that will show the direction the object was moving.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting report.

Text extracted from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
Yes

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
Mr. and Mrs. [REDACTED]
Bring 3 children who were there.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
Last Name: [REDACTED] 
First Name: [REDACTED]
Middle Initial: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS
Street: [REDACTED]
City: [REDACTED] 
Zone: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: [REDACTED]
SEX: [REDACTED]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: [REDACTED]
Month: [REDACTED]
Year: [REDACTED]

- page 11 -

