PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
17 Aug 66 18/0302Z

2. LOCATION
Medway, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Satellite (possible)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched star like object move in a northerly direction. Object was bright white appearing flatter than an oval, being not completely round. Observer saw a similar object previously; however, believed that to be a satellite. This object was traveling too fast for a satellite.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 - 7 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Northerly

8. PHOTOS
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

FTD FORM
(TEMP)


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
17 Aug 66
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 2200 00
               Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Near Carlisle (near Dayton) Rt 4 Middletown (State) O. Ohio
Nearest Postal Address         City or Town        State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0   5-7
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimate

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No (last sight for a second)

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM                This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.
FTD OCT 62 164


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                 a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                 c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                        d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):                    WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                            a. Dry
    b. Hazy                                 b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds                     c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds                d. Snow
                                            e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                                d. As a light
    b. Transparent                          e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                             c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                               d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
    [Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):                           e. Other
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                         (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?                   Yes   No   Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?         Yes   No   Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?                      Yes   No   Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                                      Yes   No   Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                                   Yes   No   Don't know
    f. Change shape?                                        Yes   No   Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                                    Yes   No   Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                              Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes. Seemed to go up high, just disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: A tree, stopped around the tree and saw it again.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: It passed a star appeared to be right next to the stars.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Bright white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Most of it.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Flatter than an oval.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Required 5 min. from rising to disappear. Faster than any plane ever.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   AT star altitude

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors near clear
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? open countryside
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank] miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No   e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No   f. Telescope       Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No   g. Theodolite      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No   h. Other [blank]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Appeared like a bright star. Could not relate to any other object, placed in the sky.


- page 5 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
No direction change.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
N/A - One object.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Saw similar object about three weeks ago from the same location. Might have been a satellite. This time thought it was too distinct to be a satellite.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses: [Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] New Carlisle, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]   AGE 18   SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Has studied astronomy - control

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]   FAA Duty Officer


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Handwritten date partially illegible]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
[Handwritten text partially reads] "Web's tracking very fast. its position..."

Page 7 is noted in the top right corner of the document.

A large portion of the bottom of the page is redacted with a black marker.


- page 8 -

