The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a collection of UFO sighting reports investigated by the United States Air Force.

The text in the image is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 5 July 66 06/0052
2. LOCATION: Covington, Kentucky
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Unknown
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (UNID)

- page 1 -

This image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location. NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - REDACTED Last Name, First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS - REDINGTON City COVINGTON State KENTUCKY
TELEPHONE NUMBER - REDACTED AGE 17 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. 
I HAVE BEEN SEEING OBJECTS FOR 8 YEARS

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
1. U. S. Weather Bureau
2. 5 July 1966 Wright-Patterson AFB

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 
Sept. 1965
Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or in the attached relative explanation of your sighting;

Q. Were in front of the school. (a bright red-shaped had been seen about 1/2 hour before). Some of the witnesses said this sighting could be or might be a weather balloon. They said to call the U.S. Weather Bureau. I called them and they said no balloons were released that night. I contacted Lt. Campbell, Ft. Knox, Ky and he said this was definitely not a weather balloon. It was then called Wright-Patterson A.F.B.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with a border around the edge, likely part of a scanned document from Project Blue Book.

Page 3

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, possibly a project blue book report, with information and text printed on it.

Department of the Air Force
Office of Information
Washington 25, D.C. 20330

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report, with handwritten text on the right side. The text is not legible enough for me to perform optical character recognition (OCR) and accurately extract the full content. The only legible text is the date "7/8 Oct 66" and the location "Covington, Kentucky".

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force study of unidentified flying objects.

OCR output:

PTD (DEPT) 116TH TACTICAL FIGHTER SQUADRON, OHIO AIR NATIONAL GUARD
12 August 1966
Covington, Kentucky 41015

Dear Mr. Hynek:

Reference your unidentified observation of 5 July 1966. The information in your letter has not been sufficient for positive identification. Request you complete the attached PTD Form 1c[h] and return it to this office as soon as possible.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to USAF Project Blue Book.

Sincerely,

RAMON QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECTS DIVISION

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire filled out by an observer.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be connected with any publication or conclusion unless you so request. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 5 JAN 1966
2. Time of day: 15:45 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): G. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 6 miles South of Covington, Kentucky
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 - 5 minutes
5.1. How was time in sight determined? Glass
5.2. Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: Hazy, Partly Cloudy 
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): b. To your left

FTD OCT 63 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to a UFO report, likely from Project Blue Book.

The text from the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Partly obscured
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Calm
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or slow down at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear or suddenly appear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The object appeared to get farther away.

15. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: Don't know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: The object seemed to move behind a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: It seemed to sound.
b. Color: The object was white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match to arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the head of the match? The size of the object was about 1 inch in diameter at arm's length. 

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

OCR Output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object appeared to get farther away.

15. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: Don't know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: The object seemed to move behind a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: It seemed to sound.
b. Color: The object was white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match to arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the head of the match? The size of the object was about 1 inch in diameter at arm's length.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions and response options.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.a) What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.b) How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour

24.c) Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A DARK BABY BALLOON MIGHT LOOK LIKE THE OBJECT

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only illustrations. The first illustration shows a sketch with a compass and a diagram depicting the movement of an object in the sky. The second illustration shows a compass. There are also text instructions for the viewer to follow, such as placing marks on the sketch to indicate where the object was seen.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the survey line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 12 -

