PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
3 October 66 04/0145Z

2. LOCATION
Lexington, Kentucky

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
60 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NE

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (CAPELLA) ✓

CAPELLA was on an azimuth of 40 deg and at an elevation of approximately 12 deg at 2100N

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted a star like object in the NE portion of sky. The following motion were noted by the witness, a slow unusually clockwise small circling with a few short darting movements and an imperceptible slow rising toward the zenith and east. But the most astounding thing was that every few to several minutes and lasting for five to third seconds the twinkling star would change color, would change to a vertical or slightly oblique narrow, at times imperceptible band of light perhaps one fifth as nice as its rounder shape and three to six times as long. At times it had the appearance of a swirling nebula view edgewise.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-399 (TDE)

Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

LEXINGTON, KY.

October 4, 1966

Dear Sir:

This is to relate one of the most amazing phenomenons I've ever witnessed. About 8:45-8:50 p.m. 10/3/66 I returned home with my son age 14 years from his scout meeting and let him out in the turnaround to place a tire in the garage one of my younger children had left out. After parking the car, I noted he was looking toward the northeast sky where there was what appeared to be a brightly twinkling star about 30 degrees above the horizon. The lights from a shopping center (Eastland) about two miles distant in that direction had made invisible light from all the stars in that area of the sky. The following motions were noted: a slow, usually clockwise small circling; and a few short darting movements; and an imperceptible slow rising toward the zenith and east. But most astounding was that every few to several minutes and lasting for five to thirty seconds the twinkling star shape would change to a vertical or slightly oblique shape, at times imperceptible band or light perhaps one-fifth as wide as its rounder shape and there to six times as long. At times it not the appearance of a smaller nebula view sideways. Then a slightly undulating, narrow horizontal band, faint to moderately bright, red almost fluorescent light would appear 10 road widths above and upper end of the white band and of about the same length. The brightness of the horizontal red band was inversely proportional to the brightness of the white band. Then suddenly all would contract back to the brightly twinkling

End 164


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

FTD (TDEER)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
7 October 1966

[Redacted], M. D.
Lexington, Kentucky 40507

Dear Dr. [Redacted]:

Reference your observation of 3 October. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

[Handwritten note at bottom of page, partially illegible]:
Dear [illegible],
I submitted something of 160 some plane movement a nightly later about this same time with 2 new friends of mine who were witnessing astronomical events. They were as we were watching after some period of observation & discussion came up with the answer. We were watching a star of the 1st magnitude. Carefully & the aberrations were caused by heat coming up from [illegible] Shoup Spring Center panel mount which was impossible (at 1 1/2 - 2 miles distance). [rest of note becomes increasingly difficult to read]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

LEXINGTON, KY.

page 2 of 2

star shape again. We observed this for nearly an hour during which the body rose to perhaps plus 45 degrees toward the zenith and plus 15 degrees toward the east. Your explanation of this remarkable phenomenon will be greatly appreciated.

Very sincerely yours,
M.D.

ba


- page 4 -

FTD (TDETR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
13 October 1966

[Redacted], M.D.
Lexington, Kentucky 40507

Dear Dr. [Redacted]:

Thank you for the information regarding your observation of Capella. With your permission, I would like to send your letter to Dr. Menzel at Harvard Observatory. Dr. Menzel has been studying mirages, sky reflections and refractions for many years and I am sure he would be interested in the vivid description of your observation.

Thank you again for your most gracious letter.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
Chief, Project Blue Book

[Handwritten note: "you have my permission"]


- page 5 -

