The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report documenting a UFO sighting near Bluffton, Indiana on March 4, 1966.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 4 March 66 04/10002
2. LOCATION Bluffton, Indiana (1 Witness)
3. SOURCE Civilian
10. CONCLUSION A/C
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 3 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE N to S
8. PHOTOS None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 0 Yes

The text describes the sighting of one red and silver object with red and green lights moving from South to North. No sound was heard, and the object's light pattern was consistent with an aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter describing the observer's sighting of a UFO (unidentified flying object) in the early morning hours. The key details described are:

- The observer saw a U.F.O. going around the moon
- It had a red top and a silvery/colored bottom, with green flashing lights
- The object then disappeared

The letter is signed by the observer, whose name is redacted.

Dear Sir,
One night I saw at 4 in the morning a U.F.O. going around the moon. It had a red top and a silvery colored bottom. With green flashing lights meant they were dashing. It had disappeared. 
Thank you for reading my letter.
Sincerely,
(Redacted)
6th grade student
Bend 169

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned image of an envelope addressed to "U.F.O. Headquarters, Wright-Patterson A.F.B., Ohio" from "Bluffton, Ind." The envelope is postmarked "BLUFFTON, IND. APR 5 PM 1965".

Text found in the document:
Bluffton, Ind.
U.F.O. Headquarters
Wright-Patterson A.F.B.
Ohio

- page 3 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

FTD OCT 62 164
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, publications or other official action taken as a result of this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 3-8-66

2. Time of day: 11:00 a.m. or p.m.

3. Time Zone: b. Central 

4. Where were you when you saw the object? ROUTE 6, BLUFFTON, INDIANA

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1 seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? No

6. What was the condition of the sky? 
DAY: a. Bright
NIGHT: c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
d. To your left

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting report. I will now proceed to extract the text from the document.

S. IF you saw the object OF NIGHT, what did you notice CO-CERNING the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight, pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain 
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: __A star__

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Don't remember
d. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up or dart away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): YES - It moved behind the the clouds. Don't know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): NO - Don't know.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Not sound
b. Color - red, silver, red and green lights

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Drawn.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
A sketch of a crescent-shaped object with a dotted trail is provided.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely part of Project Blue Book, with various questions and response options for the observer of the UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes 600

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. Inside a building

23. Were you (Circle One): b. In the residential section of a city?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete this following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): c. East
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes
b. Sun glasses Yes
c. Windshield (No)
d. Window glass (Yes)
e. Binoculars No
f. Telescope Yes
g. Theodolite Yes
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
A cigar (fairly big)

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather consists of a diagram and illustrations related to a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] 
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 12
SEX: GIRL
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
March 19, 1966
Mother

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with a form that has been filled out.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: April 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PTD (UFOB) person APB, Ohio 45133 
7 April 1966

Bluffton, Indiana 46714

Dear PTD: 
This letter is to acknowledge your unidentified observation which you made. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation.  
Please complete the attached PTD Form 16 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR J. CANTRELL, Lt. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 11 -

