PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 Nov. 66 L/00022
2. LOCATION: Monroe, New York (two witnesses)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Eastward
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Aircraft (possible) - Poor data
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers noted a star shaped object moving very fast low on the horizon. Green and red colors were noted during the observation. The object moved from West to East and appeared to stop on occasion. Observer claims that he has seen several UFOs before this observation. All the sightings could be placed in the "light in the sky" category. There was air traffic around the area at the time of the sighting. Investigating officer feels that the witnesses saw and reported an aircraft. No other evidence to the contrary has been offered.


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 4603D AIR BASE GROUP (ADC)
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK 12550

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 4603ODC

SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO: PTD (AFSC)

The attached report is submitted in accordance with paragraph 8, AFR 80-17.

FOR THE COMMANDER

D. C. BOYD, Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Operations & Training Division

28 November 1966


- page 2 -

A. Description of the Object(s):

1. Shape: Shaped like a star, but was moving very fast. It appeared to be low on the horizon and was blinking.

2. Size compared to a know object: undetermined, but it did not change in size.

3. Color: Green and red

4. Number: One

5. Formation, if more than one: None

6. Any discernible features or details: None

7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None

8. Sound; if heard, describe sound: None

9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):

1. What first called the attention of Observer(s) to the object(s): The observers are interested in the UFO Program and spend considerable time watching for them.

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: No azimuth or elevation measurements were taken but the object appeared low on the horizon about 15 miles away. Appeared to be over or in the vicinity of Newburgh, NY.

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: No angular measurements were taken. The object disappeared over the horizon.


- page 3 -

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): It moved from West to East and appeared to stop on occasion.

5. How did the object(s) disappear: Moved over the horizon.

6. How long (were) the object(s) visible: More than five minutes.

C. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground - visual
2. Optical Aids: None
3. N/A

D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 0002,4 Nov 66
2. Light conditions: very clear night.

E. Location of Observer(s): Monroe, New York

F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: Civilian
2. Name: Mr. and Mrs. [redacted]
3. Age: 24
4. Mailing Address: [redacted] Monroe, N.Y.
5. Occupation: Sander in the Paint Shop for the Ford Motor Company
6. Estimate of Reliability: Mrs. [redacted] is 95% deaf according to Mr. [redacted]. Mr. [redacted] is color blind. He was very excitable when talking on the telephone. I feel he accurately reported what he saw but does not have the background nor the training to distinguish what he saw from aircraft in flight.


- page 4 -

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:

1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions:

2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office:

3. Ceiling:

4. Visibility:

5. Amount of cloud cover:

6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located:

7. Vertical temperature gradient:

H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition:

I. Interception or Identification Action Taken:

3


- page 5 -

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting:
Normal traffic around Stewart AFB.

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
Mr. indicated that he was extremely interested in the UFO program and spends considerable time reading about and looking for unidentified flying objects. He claims he has seen quite a few in the past. All that he has seen would be placed in a "light phenomena" category in that he has seen many lights but with no definite shape.

I feel that he is sincere and accurate in his reporting but he is unable to offer any information that could be scientifically investigated. The object he has reported could very easily have been aircraft traffic around Stewart AFB. No other evidence to the contrary has been offered.

WILLIAM J ARCHIBALD, Captain, USAF
Investigating Officer

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: N/A

4


- page 6 -

