There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
11 April 66 11/07002 Greensburg, Pennsylvania (1 With)
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 - 5 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
NIT
8. PHOTOS
D Yes
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
D Yes
No
10. CONCLUSION
Possible (AIRCRAFT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer sharply outlined object about 15-20 degrees in diameter that was in area. Reappeared and faded at time. Observer notes that was an indication it was in direction of observence. Possible approaching aircraft.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified serial phenomenon that you may have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give may be used in connection with any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? Day 3 APRIL Year 1966
2. Time of day: 8:55 Hour (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? RP' 2, GREENSBURG, PA. 
Near Postal Address City or Town
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 - 3 Hours Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? I JUST CAME FROM THE SIGHT
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FORM FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image, only a filled-out questionnaire form with handwritten responses.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It seems to have disappeared  behind some clouds or smoke.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.   If you answered 'Yes', describe the movement:
It moved behind a cloud

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.   If you answered 'Yes', describe the movement:
In front of a cloud

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ....a swishing, whistling sound
b. Color ....a bright clear white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? I cannot say that as the object would have been covered by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include any of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch of an oval or egg-shaped object is included in the image.]

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire or interview form.

TRANSCRIBED TEXT:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? fist

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 100 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No (Circle One)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No 
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object(s) you observed.

At first the object was the size of a quarter, then it changed into a larger brighter object. The object was a bright reddish glow in the sky.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram. The sketch shows an angled view of an object in the sky, along with an illustration of a compass.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve where you last saw the object.
Place a "C" on the scale to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "D" on the scale where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text transcribed from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 
- 22 -

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
WITHHELD NAME - IT IS MY BELIEF THAT IT MAY BE POSSIBLE
TO IDENTIFY THIS INDIVIDUAL. I AM OBLIGED BY POLICY
TO WITHHOLD SUCH INFORMATION. 

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: WITHHELD | LAST NAME: WITHHELD | FIRST NAME: WITHHELD
ADDRESS: GREENSBURG, PENNSYLVANIA
TELEPHONE NUMBER: WITHHELD 
AGE: 43 | SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
TRAINED CLINICAL STUDENT OF ATOMIC MECHANICS 

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
DATE: 17 April 1966 | MONTH: April | YEAR: 1966
REPORTED TO: STATE POLICE - GREENSBURG, PENNSYLVANIA

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It shows a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book UFO report, containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9th June 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation in your sighting:
If some details which I tried to give are not readable, I do regret this. However, the details which I did try to give here are as accurate as I can make them.
When I first saw the object(s) it was about 15 or 20 ft above the ground. I could see no whole or complete outline but only a curved, lighted thing about the size of a car coming across the field where I was. There were no markings or any way to identify it as being from any known source and I wonder what the object(s) was or could have been. There were no sounds that I recall, but there was a glow or lights showing only on the lower portion that I could see. It did not stay in view but moved across the field and out of sight very quickly.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document or page from a UFO report, specifically from Project Blue Book. The image shows handwritten text, a postmark, and some redacted information.

AERO
MG. U SAT
Washington D C
Department of the air force

- page 8 -

