The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

12 Nov 66
13/01302
Civilian
one
90 seconds
Ground Visually
NE
No
Indianapolis, Indiana
Satellite(Ecso I)
Dome 1 was at the north observation point was traveling on a NE heading at 02:27. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS Observation: Dome_like object, size like small stars in sky, traveling toward the NE. The object appeared to have a light source but the observed light was not pulsating or flashing. The object traveled across the sky at a constant speed during the 90 second observation period. Object appeared to be at a high altitude. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular page. The text visible on the page is handwritten and appears to be a report or description of a UFO sighting.

SAFOI

We had a phone call at about 9:10 pm from a lady who reported seeing lights in the sky. She said she was watching television when she noticed bright lights moving across the sky. She said there were 3 or 4 of them, moving in a diamond pattern. She said they were very bright and that she had never seen anything like it before. She said they seemed to be pulsating and one of them seemed to go off into the distance. She said they were about 2 or 3 miles west of her home. I advised her to contact the local police and pass on the information. She seemed quite excited and convinced that what she had seen was not an airplane or satellite. She said the lights were definitely moving in an unnatural manner. I stated that it sounded like a possible UFO sighting and that I would make a report. She agreed with that assessment.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with redacted text.

Transcribed text:
From the information received, it appears that the object was first observed at approximately 8:20 PM, November 4, 1966 in the vicinity of [redacted], Indiana.

The observer [redacted] reported seeing an extremely bright light in the sky which appeared to change color from white to red to blue. The object was observed for approximately 30 minutes and seemed to be hovering and moving erratically.

After approximately 30 minutes, the object moved rapidly out of sight to the west. [redacted] stated that the object appeared to be much larger than a conventional aircraft and did not have the typical appearance of an airplane or helicopter.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

At 12:30 a.m.
A telephone call was received reporting a strange light in the sky. The caller said the light appeared to be hovering and was a bright orange color. The light was seen by several other persons in the area. It was described as round or oval in shape.

The object was observed for about 3 to 5 minutes before it suddenly disappeared. There was no sound associated with the object.

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a handwritten document. There is no photograph present in this particular page. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

I am unable to make out the exact wording of the handwritten text, as the image quality does not allow for clear and accurate transcription. However, the text appears to be a handwritten document or report with some redacted portions.

- page 5 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a scanned page of handwritten text that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text:

This page in an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

Alledged sighting of an unidentified flying object over Indianapolis, Indiana on November 8, 1966. The handwritten text describes the sighting and investigation details.

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.
Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information on this form will be used for research purposes and will be treated as confidential. We request that this personal information be guarded and that you do not make any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 12 May 1966
2. Time of day: 7:20 A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Edwardsport, Indiana
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 92 Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Bright b. Partly Cloudy c. Hazy d. Overcast
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Many
b. A few 
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull, hazy moonlight
c. No moonlight, pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Few, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain 
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: (text field)

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 8 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch in the bottom right corner. The sketch appears to show the shape of a UFO or unidentified aerial object, with a trailing vapor trail or exhaust. No human faces or identifiable individuals are present in this image.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The observer reported that the object disappeared, but did not provide any details on how it disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The observer answered "YES" to this question, indicating that the object moved behind something, possibly a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The observer answered "YES" to this question, indicating that the object moved in front of something, possibly a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Not given
b. Color - The observer described the color as "Greyish to the extreme, not shiny or metallic looking"

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the known object and tell us, if you could determine, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The observer provided a detailed description, stating that the object appeared to be about 1/6th the length of the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any data's of the object that you consider such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
The observer provided a hand-drawn sketch in the bottom right corner of the image, depicting the shape of the UFO or unidentified aerial object with a trailing vapor trail or exhaust.

The observer's responses and the hand-drawn sketch provide detailed information about the UFO or unidentified aerial object observed.

- page 9 -

The shared image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form or questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle one) Yes No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle one) Yes No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 14,225 ft.
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle one) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other
23. Were you (Circle one) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In a rural area? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country?
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No.
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes (No) b. Sun glasses Yes (No) c. Binoculars Yes (No) d. Window glass Yes (No) e. Telescope Yes (No) f. Theodolite Yes (No) g. Other
26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

A big round glowing object.

- page 10 -

The image contains a sketch depicting an overhead view of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. The sketch shows the trajectory and motion of the object, as well as a compass rose and instructions for the observer.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

37. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place on "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place on "C" on the compass where you first saw it. Place on "D" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

F zone: Farley Sifeuas

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Smaller red objects 11/8/1966 The 26 craft dropped a
white

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. YES 11-8-66 7:45am NW Indianapolis, Ind.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES 

31.2 Please list their names and addresses. R.D.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME (Last Name, First Name, Middle Name)
ADDRESS (Street, City, Zone, State)
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE 45 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Tuesday night Nov 8, 1966 PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: _ Day _ Month _ Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire is a corrective explanation of your sighting.

The handwritten text on the page provides information regarding the sighting, including details that the questionnaire did not adequately cover. The text discusses the sighting and additional information the witness would like to provide.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

12 Novemher 66
TDET/UFO 9 January 1967
UFO Observations 

Indianapolis, Indiana 46224

1. Reference your letter of December 29, 1966 regarding unidentified flying oi̥̇ects sighted in the Indianapolis, Indiana area.

2. In regards to your August 1966 observation, the late date in project files indicates the observation probably remains a comprehensive investigation. However, this delay is not unusual, and record-keeping procedures are not as rapid as that far in the past. Normally such records are kept for several months and then discarded of, since there are no longer current.

3. Please complete the attached TD-D-Forn 164 on your 12 November 1966 observation and we will try to identify the stimulus which caused your sighting. 

4. Thank you for reporting your observations to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MARATT, Colonel, USAF 
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
PT-D Form 164 w/envelope

- page 14 -

