The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document provides details about a UFO sighting that occurred in Fostoria, Ohio, including the date, location, number of objects observed, length of observation, type of observation, and brief summary and analysis.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. D.T. SYW. GROUP 
2. LOCATION Fostoria, Ohio
3. ROUTE
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 5
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 6 to 7 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-visual
7. COURSE Stationary 
8. PHOTOS No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE Yes
10. CONCLUSION "Strange" (BUT NO RECORD OF ABILITY TO SUBSTANTIATE CONCLUSIONS) The observer states: "NO RECORD OF ABILITY" to analyze this object, and had no information from any other source to analyze it further. The conclusion is that this is an "unidentified" object.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS Based on and had no information from any other source to analyze it further. The conclusion is that this is an "unidentified" object.
CONCLUSION CONTINUED: NOTE: The observer says that the object remained virtually motionless and silent. No further analysis could be performed.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date and duration.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS Street, FOSTORIA, OHIO, Zip Code
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE 15 SEX M
Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 8/7 Reported it

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a historic U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 - 15 - 67
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: It moved shown than I expected a UFO would.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Wright-Patterson-M&D Rademacer/SAPOCC/13/79079/31 July 67

JUL 3 1 1967

Dear [redacted],

We have thoroughly investigated your correspondence of July 7 concerning your photograph of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) has already conducted their investigation on this case and has forwarded the information to our office.

We are unable to be of further assistance since you have already provided the necessary information that have not received your negative, but have seen the photographs.

Your interest in this project is appreciated.

Sincerely,

BARRETT E. YOUNG
Lt Colonel USAF
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Fostoria, Ohio 44830

SAF-OIC

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a handwritten letter on Project Blue Book stationery.

Dear Sirs,

As you force I have received a letter from Washington stating that you really matter now, because a few weeks ago the regional coordinator of the Colorado project was having some more negatives made in Toledo as I received the enlarged print of the picture, I will forward them to your office.

Sincerely,
[Name redacted]
Fostoria, Ohio
44830

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Proposed reply to correspondence from Chuck Thaxton on his UFO observation and subsequent photograph of August 9, 1966

Dear Mr. Thaxton,

Reference your correspondence of July 7 concerning your photograph of an unidentified flying object. The National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) recently contacted our office concerning the status of your photographs. They were informed that we have not received your negatives.

We have thoroughly searched for the negatives but have been unable to locate it. Since you have already provided the necessary camera data we would appreciate the opportunity to review your photograph, before reaching our final conclusion.

Your interest in the project is appreciated.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a handwritten letter.

Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson AFB 
Dayton Ohio
July 7, 1967

Dear Sir, 

Today I received a letter from NICAP stating that you did not receive a negative on the UFO photo I took. I am sorry that it was not received - Perhaps it was left in the bottom of the envelope where you could not see it. If you will check again, I will be glad to have the negative back. Of course, I will try and have another negative made from one of the prints.

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph that shows a landscape with trees and vegetation. There is no human face visible in the image.

OCR Output:

It's got to be a saucer.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph, but rather a hand-drawn sketch depicting the "Angle of Camera" and labeled with various technical details about the camera used to take a photo, such as the camera model, film type, and focal length. The sketch also includes directional arrows and text asking the viewer to "please return negatives".

Text extracted from the document:

Camera used to take photo
Kodak instamatic 104
Fixed focus
Film-Kodak Verichrome Pan - Black & White
You can figure out the rest of the information you asked for.
NE
ANGLE
of
CAMERA
Please return negatives

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document that contains a questionnaire related to a sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified air/ground phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make unless you give us permission to do so. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? December August 1966
2. Time of day: 3 20 (Circle One): A.M. P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): A. Eastern B. Central C. Mountain D. Pacific E. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Fostoria, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) several Estimated time - fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? No 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): A. BRIGHT B. HAZY C. NIGHT BRIGHT D. NIGHT HAZY E. CLOUDY
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): A. In front of you B. Behind you C. To your left D. To your right E. Don't remember

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Partly cloudy
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Flashing or blinking
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:
Brighter than any other light - most bright but bright.

12. THE SHAPE OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like bright star
c. Elliptical
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Slowly rise up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Dive into the earth or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is dated August 6, 1966 and is an UFO Observation report from Fostoria, Ohio.

TDFR/UFO Maj II Quintanilla, Jr./70916/lsb/8 Jan 1968
UFO Observation, August, 1966    JAN 11 1968
Fostoria, Ohio  44830
1. In your letter of August 2, 1967, in your letter you stated that you would have more negatives made from your photograph. If you would forward one of the negatives to us, we would be able to perform a partial photo-analysis.
2. Thank you for your assistance on providing additional data on your sighting.

MAJOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 12 -

The image contains a drawing of a UFO shape at the bottom. The drawing depicts a disc-shaped object with a "NORTHER" label, indicating the direction the object was moving.

The text in the document says:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
It only disappeared as it went into the distance.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): YES No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.
Trees and houses.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.
In front of

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Metallic, silvery color, like high polished aluminum

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you have performed this experiment, tell us what fraction of the object was covered.
About 1/3 of the object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically show traits or vapor trails. Place on cross-wise the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The image contains a UFO drawing that matches the description provided in the text.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and answers.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 60-70 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the suburbs?
d. In open country?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes __ No
f. Telescope Yes __ No
g. Other (Specify) _ a dome ___ took _photo_ ___

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

Rounded disc with a dome on top.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an illustration or diagram related to a UFO sighting report. The diagram shows the path of an object or objects, with instructions on how to mark its position on a compass.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you see a high white object on the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line 15 degrees to the left of where you first saw the object. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a handwritten form with text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract all the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location.
I have seen similar sights in the sky that might be this.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   YES   NO
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   YES   NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Fostoria Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [First Name] [Last Name]
ADDRESS: [Street Address], Fostoria, Ohio [Zip Code]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Telephone Number]
AGE: 14   SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
September 1966

FILLED OUT Jan. 24, 1967

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document that discusses a UFO sighting.

TEXT OUTPUT:

TEST/UFO

UFO Photograph, August 1966 ,
Fostoria, Ohio hh330

Dear M--,

Reference your letter postmarked 4 November 1966 concerning the picture you forwarded to our office. I regret the delay in answering your letter. A heavy backlog of correspondence and reports has prevented our acknowledging all inquiries promptly as we should like.

If your student wishes to forward the original negative for analysis, this Air Force will return it to the sender upon completion of our evaluation. In submitting the negative please give the following information:

a. Type and make of camera.
b. Types, focal length, and make of lens.
c. Brand and type of film.
d. Shutter speed used.
e. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop.
f. Filters used.  
g. Was tripod or solid stand used.
h. Was timing used.

i. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true North, and its angle with respect to the ground.

j. If supplemental information is unobtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, and the smallest and largest "f" stop and shutter speed readings of the camera.

23 January 1967

- page 17 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains only text.

Enclosed is a copy of the Project Blue Book brochure which explains the objectives of the United States Air Force project. Thank you for your interest.

Sincerely,

EDGAR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF 
Chief, Project Blue Book

1. Attach: 
1. AF Form 164 
2. Blue Book

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force investigation of UFO sightings.

Dear Sir:
I am writing this letter concerning a picture of a UFO. I know you have received a million letters like this, but I feel obligated to mail you a copy of this picture. I am a general science teacher at Fostoria High School and acquired this picture from one of my students. He said he took this picture of about 3pm like this on a clear day of August. If anyone information is needed just write to Fostoria High School Fostoria, Ohio.

Fostoria, 12-30

Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dept. of UFO
Dayton, Ohio

- page 19 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Dear Major, Gentlemen,

just read your letter Aug 23 in regards to the sighting they had on Aug 5. I am getting many letters from persons telling me strange sightings of some kind. As you know I sent you a copy of my photo and letter Capt C. R wrote me each and said that they were going to make a negative from the mayor the smallest mention of it and that I could receive in the near future.

This document appears to be a letter from a witness describing a UFO sighting and their correspondence with the Project Blue Book team. The text is handwritten and discusses the witness's account of the sighting, as well as their interactions with the project investigators.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter or document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (TDET/UFO) to a witness in Fostoria, Ohio regarding a UFO observation in August 1966. 

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (FTD)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433
REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO                 9 SEP 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, August 1966

TO:
Fostoria, Ohio 44830

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Branch (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 10 Aug 1966, would you please take a statement to this effect? The information which you provide will be used in assisting this matter.

/s/ JAMES G. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
PD 96 Form 14 w/envelope

- page 21 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the "U.S. Air Force Technical Information" questionnaire form.

The text in the document is as follows:

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that it be returned as promptly as possible so that we may analyze the data.

1. When did you see the object?
Day - 20
Month - 8  
Year - 66

2. Time of day: 4:30 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Central  2. Mountain  3. Pacific  4. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Fostoria Seneca, Ohio

5. How long was object in sight? (Test Duration) 5 Hours 2 Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was size in sight determined? A. Just a guess  B. Fairly certain C. Not very sure

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes  No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: A. Bright  B. Hazy  C. Cloudy
NIGHT: A. Bright  B. Hazy  C. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) A. In front of you B. In back of you C. To your left D. To your right

- page 22 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which was a U.S. government program that investigated UFO sightings. The page contains a questionnaire or observation form to be filled out by an observer. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR system would output it:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Full moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Few, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Blinking
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 23 -

The image contains a handwritten sketch of what appears to be an unidentified flying object or UFO. The text in the document appears to be part of a questionnaire or report form related to the observation of the UFO.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): YES - NO - Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): YES - NO - Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - metallic; b. Color - metallic.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire filled out by an observer regarding a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
    If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
    If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
    Inside a building
    In a car 
    Outside
    In an airplane (type)
    At sea
    Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
    In the business section of a city?
    In the residential section of a city?
    In open countryside?
    Near an airfield?
    Flying over a city?
    Flying over open country?
    Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    24.1 What direction were you moving?
        North, 
        Northeast
        East
        Southeast
        South
        Southwest
        West
        Northwest
    24.2 How fast were you moving?
    24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
    Eyeglasses
    Sun glasses
    Windshield
    Window glass

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which you saw, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The handwritten response to question 26 states: "For the object stood still and gradually shrank down" (or similar).

- page 25 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be an old document page with text and illustrations.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show the high object was above the horizon (sky line) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°

The sketch shows a compass rose with labeled angles and an illustration of a horizon line with an object above it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

The image contains an empty box labeled "Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course."

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The image contains an empty box labeled "Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling."

- page 26 -

