PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
16 July 66 17/0280

2. LOCATION
St. Paul, Minnesota

3. SOURCE
Civilians

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
1. N - NW
2. Southward

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

HQ (TESP)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
29 July 1966

c/o Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois 60201

Dear ______:

I received the attached letter from _______ a couple of days ago and it seems to be an interesting case. I wish that you would check on it for Dr. Hynek and myself. You might tell me what you are checking on this sighting as a representative of the Air Force. However, try to keep it quiet so that we won't have any undue publicity which would make the investigation and analysis more difficult.

There is no hurry on this, however, give the man a call as soon as you have time.

Sincerely,

QUINN CIENTANELLI, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Research and Aerial Phenomena Division

1 Atch
ltr
18 July 1966


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

BROWN & BIGELOW
A DIVISION OF STANDARD PACKAGING CORPORATION
ST. PAUL, MINNESOTA

Remembrance Advertising

July 18, 1966

Wright Patterson
Airforce Base
Akron, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

At the request of the Office of Special Investigation of the United States Air Force, stationed at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport, we are writing this letter.

On Saturday night, July 16, 1966 between 10:30 and 11:00 PM, central daylight time, there were four of us (two schoolteachers, a housewife and myself, a businessman) sitting in our backyard when we observed in the southern section of the sky a light apparently traveling at a terrific speed. This light traveled in a north to northwest direction. This light appeared to be at an extremely high altitude, but, of course, it would be impossible to give any estimate as to what height it was.

When it was directly overhead, it appeared to have a green light in front and a rather yellowish light in the back. The light disappeared behind the trees in the northern portion of the sky, but previous to disappearing, it seemed to swerve slightly, as though it were about to turn. However, I cannot verify the fact that it actually turned. As I continued to watch the sky, a few seconds later another light appeared over the rooftops in the northern sky, proceeding southward, and I can only assume that this was the same object originally seen proceeding in a northerly direction. When this light was directly overhead, it disappeared as though the light had been snapped off by a switch. It was an absolutely clear night, without a cloud in the sky.

This event in itself, I would have passed off, but the next night at approximately the same time, a similar object was observed in relatively the same position in the sky, it's course being the same as the object of the previous night. As in the previous night, the object disappeared behind the treetops reappearing a few seconds later on a "return trip." This night, however, the light continued its course into the southern area of the sky and disappeared into a cloud flurry. The second night eight sighting was seen by the original four people, plus an additional four, all of whom are responsible individuals. We would estimate that this unidentified object traversed a 30-45 degree segment of the sky in less than a minute.

The speed of this object, I would compare to that of a falling meteorite.

We hope that this information may have some interest to you.

Sincerely yours,

B A S I C   A D V E R T I S I N G   I D E A S


- page 3 -

