The image contains a form labeled "PROJECT 10373 RECORD" which appears to be part of a UFO reporting document. However, there is no photograph included in this particular page.

As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 14/0112Z
2. LOCATION: MUNSTER, INDIANA 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 6
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5-6 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Northward
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Other (Circus)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer watched six orange colored objects travel toward the horizon. The objects were moving quite fast and were described as being highly maneuverable. The description is consistent with what is often reported for certain types of UFO objects. The analyst was unable to determine a meaningful explanation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically the U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire.

Note: Investigated by Rivers (Telescope) Witness reliable, well-educated, no explanations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement you make. However, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 11 8 66 
2. Time of day: 5:00 MINUTES
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Munster, Indiana Munster, Indiana State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5-10 SECONDS
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Night b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

Text transcribed from the document:

Note: Investigated by Rivers (Telescope) Witness reliable, well-educated, no explanations.

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement you make. However, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 11 8 66
2. Time of day: 5:00 MINUTES
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Munster, Indiana Munster, Indiana State or County 
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5-10 SECONDS
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Night b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing a form with questions and response options related to the observation of an unidentified object.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (CIRCLE ONE): a. None b. Fewer
8.2 MOON (CIRCLE ONE): a. Bright moonlight b. Don't remember c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (CIRCLE ONE): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds 
WEATHER (CIRCLE ONE): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (CIRCLE ONE) a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR? (CIRCLE ONE) a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. Compare brightness to some common object: Chemical from color - 2 to 3 or 4 - may appear bright red

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (CIRCLE ONE) a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Sharply outlined c. Other

13. DID THE OBJECT: (CIRCLE ONE FOR EACH QUESTION) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know c. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with various questions and answer fields.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? State the disappearance.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound 22 on
b. Color Grayish orange

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Less than half

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire with various questions about an unidentified flying object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how fast do you think it was?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?  
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. In a building
                      b. In a car
                      c. Outdoors
                      d. In an airplane (type)
                      e. At sea
                      f. Other

23. a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In open countryside?
    d. Near an airfield?
    e. Flying over a city?
    f. Flying over open country?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour 
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: 
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sunglasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image contains a diagram or sketch showing an angular trajectory of an object above the horizon. There is also a compass rose diagram in the top right corner of the image. No photograph is present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass (at the bottom) to show the direction from which the object came.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual representations. It appears to be a scanned document from a UFO report, likely from Project Blue Book. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
/ 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
Yes    (No) 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes    No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME 
ADDRESS 
Street                                   City                                                      Zone    State
TELEPHONE NUMBER                                     AGE  42           SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Claims to have seen flying object, as described, (3 years)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Day      Month     Year
Dec.     28          1966

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 11 16 66
Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
If a strange objet by appearing, it appeared as a V shaped object of about 40 to 50 feet across but only 12 to 14 feet in height, and very luminous. It came from overhead and was first noticed about 3/4 to 1 mile away, moving at a slow speed. As it drew nearer, the object at the head of the V seemed to emit a beam, or a shaft of light or something, which was very bright and directed at one small area on the ground. This beam or shaft of light seemed about 12 to 15 feet long. At this distance the object looked to be about the size of a car, but much thicker. No sound was heard. The object slowed down and hovered for a few seconds, then picked up speed and went straight up out of sight. I could not estimate the altitude as it climbed straight up but it must have been at least 2 to 3 thousand feet when it disappeared. The whole sighting lasted from 2 to 3 minutes.
I really consider this one of the most interesting UFO sightings we have ever had in this area. The object made no noise, hovered, and then went straight up out of sight. I am quite sure this was no known aircraft, satellite or other conventional object. The beam of light was an especially interesting feature. After the object disappeared, I noticed that the vegetation under the beam area seemed to be pressed down or flattened, as if it had been subject to some force. I checked this area the next day and the vegetation did seem to be pressed down or flattened.

- page 8 -

