PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
15 April 66 16/0355Z

2. LOCATION
Arvada, Colorado (1 Witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
E

8. PHOTOS
☒ Yes
☐ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☒ Yes
☐ No

10. CONCLUSION
BALLOON

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object appeared as a red light moving slowly to the east. Appeared to be extremely high and looked like fireworks. Object was a balloon with flare attached. Balloon made from a plastic material similar to the material used in making garment bags. The balloon was held on a flat base with wire mesh.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Arvada Police
Capture UFO -
A Bulky Balloon

Arvada police captured an unidentified flying object Friday night.

The bulky balloon, apparently placed in the air by pranksters earlier in the evening near Golden, occasioned more than 100 phone calls to The Rocky Mountain News in addition to the deluge received by Jefferson County and Arvada officers.

After floating eastward slowly on a gentle breeze, emitting an erratic red glow, the balloon's flare turned out and the contents of a balloon fell to the ground in a churchyard at W. 68th ave. and Carr st., where it was recovered by Arvada Patrolman Daniel Bradley.

First sighting of the object came to the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department at 8:50 p.m. The flare blacked out about 9:05 p.m., bringing added calls from persons reporting it looked like it had exploded.

The balloon, which was at 9:46 p.m. Officers said the balloon, which appeared to have been made of plastic material similar to garment bags, measured about eight feet across. The balloon was held on a flat base with wire mesh.

UFO sightings have been reported almost nightly for about a week in the Denver area, most originating in the Golden and Lakewood areas.


- page 2 -

BASE OPERATIONS
3415TH AIR BASE GROUP
LOWRY TECHNICAL TRAINING CENTER (ATC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE 30, COLORADO

REPLY TO FO
ATTN OF: 180                                                Date 18 APR 66

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

To:

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information will be filled in and then forwarded in duplicate immediately to Center Operations (during normal duty hours). During off duty hours, this information will be forwarded to the Staff Duty Officer.

a. Description of the Object(s):

(1) Shape:        RED LIGHT

(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: Head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar base-ball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length:        AWFULLY HIGH

(3) Color:        RED

(4) Number:        1

(5) Formation, if more than one:        [blank]

(6) Any discernible features or details:        [blank]

(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s):        [blank]

(8) Sound. If heard, describe sound:        [blank]

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features:        [blank]

[Faint text at bottom of page appears to read: "Incl (Phys Sht)"]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

b. Description of course of Object(s):

(1) What first called the attention of Observer(s) to the object(s)?
MOVING EAST (TOLD)

(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed.
[blank]

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
[blank]

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
MOVING EAST SLOWLY & STEADILY

(5) How did the object(s) disappear. (Instantaneously to the North, etc.)
BROKE UP LIKE WORDS

(6) How long was the object(s) visible. (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.)
NO IDEA

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-ground-electronic, air electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar.)
[blank]

(2) Statement, as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) used and description thereof.
BINOCULARS

(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.
[blank]

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting.
16/0355Z APR '66

2


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

(c) Night conditions. (Use one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk).

o. Location of Observer(s). Exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position with reference to a known landmark also should be given in electrical reports, such as "2mi N of Deeville" "5mi SW of Blue Lake." Typographical errors or "garbled" often result in electrically transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

EXAMPLE: 89 45N, 192 71W for 39 45N, 102 21W.

5850 CODY ARVADA

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):

(1) Civilian--Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability. ROGER PERSON 16-5550 CODY-STUDENT GOOD

(2) Military--Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.

g. Weather and Winds--Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions.

(2) Report from nearest AWS or U. S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 16,000', 20,000', 50,000', 50,000, and 80,000' if available.

(3) Ceiling.

(4) Visibility.

(5) Amount of cloud cover.

(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located.

3


- page 5 -

h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

i. Interception or identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing Air Defense directives).

j. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting.

k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

l. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.

[Signature of Airdrome Officer]

Airdrome Officer

4


- page 6 -

