The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 9-10-66 0925Z
2. LOCATION: Canton, Ohio
3. WITNESSES: 3
10. CONCLUSION: Above (Sirits)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
The light was observed to change colors from red, to blue, green and white. The color changes were distinctly observed. The object did not disappear while being watched. Intermittently it would fade and brighten, but it was never completely lost from sight. Its intensity was very bright and it did not resemble any normal or known aircraft configuration or lighting system. The description is consistent with that of an astronomical phenomenon. When such lights are low on the horizon, instillation is responsible for quite unusual displays.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a questionnaire filled out regarding a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about your observation of an unidentified flying object. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
20 - Sept - 1966
2. Time of day:
20 - 30
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
CANTON, OHIO
City & State & County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Minutes - 5
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: b. NIGHT:
c. Bright c. Bright
d. Fairly bright d. Fairly bright
e. Dark e. Overcast
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Don't remember
Form GCT XX 164 This form supersedes AATS 164, Jul 41, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document. The text on the page appears to be a questionnaire or survey form related to an observed UFO sighting.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Think or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle one) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: Ragged

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know
d. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
e. Change shape? YES NO Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? YES NO Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 3 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a cloud-like shape. The text in the image describes the object as having a multicolored appearance, with colors including pink, blue, and green. The observer was unable to determine the exact size of the object.

The text of the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(If moved behind) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
No

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
No

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Multicolored - pink, blue, green, white when lost seen

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Unknown

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with a questionnaire-style form filled out.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Relatively slow

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 100+ miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. In inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airport?
e. Near a military installation?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) N/A 
a. North
b. Northeast 
c. East
d. Southeast
24.2 How fast were you moving? N/A mph
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) N/A

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No 
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

Could not relate to a known object

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and sketches. The diagram appears to be a compass with various angle measurements, and the sketches seem to depict the path or motion of an object.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the survey line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90°
  ↓
45°
  ↓  
20°
   ↓
  B
   A

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" is the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. 

Apparently straight course A to B

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

TEXT OUTPUT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE IT BEFORE

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes
No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Sons Some Address

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME  LAST NAME   FIRST NAME   MIDDLE NAME
ADDRESS
N.E. CANTON  CITY  OHIO  Zone 
TELEPHONE NUMBER  AGE 48 SEX M
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
NO SPECIAL EXPERIENCES

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
2-29-66  NOV 1966  LLOYD A. EDWARDS  CAPT. USAF

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a form or questionnaire with blank space for written responses.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 29 NOV 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

