PROJECT 10075 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
1 Aug. 66   2/0255Z

2. LOCATION
Washington, D.C.

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes total

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
East then SW

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
1. Astro (Meteor)
2. Other (Clou)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched one object appear in the north and then later reappear in the SW. The colors were very unusual, sharp and monochromatic, but did not give any illumination. The first object was seen in the North for about 2 seconds, while the second time the object appeared it was observed for about 8 seconds. The object was red and green when high in the sky and red and yellow when lower. Observer states the same type of mechanical action occurred when it first arrived.

When the first object disappeared the observer began to look around until he saw the second object and naturally believed that his second observation was of the first object. Since the first duration was a mere 2 seconds and the object was to have moved toward the south, there is nothing to rule out the possibility the second object being a cloud. Deep processed that area, see [illegible text].


- page 1 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

7 September 1966

Major Hector Quintanilla
TWD (NPERN)
Research and Aerial Phenomena Division
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Enclosed is the report of his sighting on August 1, 1966, near Washington D.C.

Sincerely yours,

lp
encl


- page 2 -

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS 02138
September 29, 1966

Major Hector Quintanilla, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
FTD (TDETR)
Research and Aerial Phenomena Division
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Dear Major Quintanilla:

I thought you might be interested in the enclosed letter. I wonder if you could send me a copy of the photograph, I believe of the Michigan sightings, showing both the moon and Venus. I think it appeared in Look Magazine.

Thank you for your reports on the incident. I think that the majority of the sightings were of some heavenly body, star, planet or satellite. The report by _______ was not in the same category with the others. His UFO appeared some twenty hours later and he alone reports a shape. I am always doubtful about observations made from an automobile, especially a moving automobile. He was not sufficiently interested to stop when he was looking at the object. He was not far from the Air Force Base.

He was driving north and the object appeared north-northwest. He says that he did not see the object through the windshield, but through the window glass. How, then, was he able to see it at all? I think your questioning is defective. In that it does not ask what seat the observer was sitting in at the time. Nor does it ask whether additional people were in the car to verify his statement. In a similar way I question the sighting. B, in the southwest. How would he have seen this? What kind of car was it? Was it a sports car with the top down? For otherwise, I don't see how he could have observed an object so close to the zenith. Moreover, you will note that the object is supposed to move toward the northeast. How could he have been in, if not through the windshield, unless the top was down. This is my inference, but it should have been determined from the questionnaire. It should have been determined from the report.

B makes the implicit assumption that the objects A and B were the same. In all probability they were different. When the first object disappeared, he began looking around and finally saw this object.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Major Quintanilla                                                September 29, 1966

- 2 -

over the house, behind him.    Remember he was supposedly driving the car forward at that time.    So how could he have seen the object clearly, if he did not stop?    The questionable should have determined whether or not he stopped.    The inference is that he did not.    However, there was nothing from the description that precludes the possibility that the referred to object over the house, was nothing more than a cloud.    It could have been a cloud of smoke.    I think the original object was probably a plane, though ten minutes is a long time for a plane to be there.    However, if he was driving alone all that time, say at thirty miles an hour, he must have covered even miles or possibly even more.    This is another question that should be on your questionnaire.    Here, again, the object might have been a cloud.    I suggest that it might have been a searchlight on a cloud.    He has reported scattered clouds.    Even though he is a "scientist" of a sort, he might have expected to see the funnel-shaped beam of a searchlight.

I suggest that some of the red lights he saw may have been stars.    How do you reconcile his statement of times of view, "eight seconds" and "two seconds" with the ten minutes of observation earlier?    In view of his answer to question 5.2, "Was the object in sight continuously?" he would have replied "NO".    I conclude that perhaps he saw a rapidly moving object at A, which he saw for eight seconds.    He saw another object, which was a standing still over the house.    He concluded that these two objects were the same when in my opinion, they were entirely different.    If he saw the object for only two seconds how in the world did he judge that it was stationary?    In what direction was Andrews Air Force Base from the car?

Does Mr. [REDACTED] wear glasses?    Was he wearing them at the time?    I ask, because occasionally you can get a reflection from behind that will seem to appear in the sky.

His description of the original motion was "very fast".    This statement moved straight toward the south.    This statement is inconsistent with his diagram, which shows the motion from left to right, from northwest to northeast.    There is nothing to rule out a bright meteor.    I am certain that what he saw at A was not in all probability not what he saw at A.


- page 4 -

Major Quintanilla                                                September 29, 1966

- 3 -

I conclude he saw something moving rapidly in front of him high in the sky. He then "lost the object for a few minutes". Here he word "few" probably means "ten" minutes. Then he saw something over the house for a couple of seconds as he was glancing around, still driving.

I am not particularly impressed with Mr. _______ or his observing ability. And also I must say that the technical information sheet leaves much to be desired. In addition, it seems to me that a lot of traditional questions should have been asked. This is part of the trouble with these investigations. It was much worse, in the early days. What in the world does the phrase "some mechanical action occurred when first arrived" mean?

I am now changing some of my conclusions, as I correlate various of his other statements. He saw a bright elliptical object streak across the sky in front of him. It was visible for only two seconds. Ten minutes later he glanced behind and he saw a dome-shaped object for eight seconds.

As you have probably inferred, I am sitting here dictating, studying the report as I do so.

My chief conclusion is that objects A and B were entirely different. There was absolutely nothing to connect B with A. The motion toward the south was _______ imagination. The speed or motion rules out a satellite or star. The luminous appearance clearly suggests a bright meteor. Were other observations available? The object seen over the house was probably a cloud, a low-lying cloud illuminated from some place. The interpretation is complicated by the fact that, during the ten minutes the object was invisible, the car was moving north an undetermined number of miles. The question does not make clear the distance of the house over which _______ saw the object. Was it a house close to the road, which he passed? Did he see the object at the side of his car and then see it briefly as he passed by the house? Was his statement about the motion toward the south based on his assumption that object B was the same as object A? If so, he must have made some allowance for the motion of the car in the meantime. He might have thought that the object was still further to the north, if it had moved south to meet the car.


- page 5 -

Major Quintanilla                                     September 29, 1966

- 4 -

My final conclusion is that your questionnaire definitely needs revision.  And if I can be of any assistance to you in such a revision, please do not hesitate to ask.  It will cost you nothing.

Again, many thanks for your help.

Cordially yours,
Donald H. Menzel

DH:cjb

cc: Allen Hynek
     Mrs. [redacted]


- page 6 -

PTO (TDSTR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
16 September 1966

Dr. Donald H. Menzel
Harvard College Observatory
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02138

Dear Dr. Menzel,

Reference your letter of 31 August 1966 requesting information on observation made by Dr. Umanoff on 1 August 1966. We have just recently received the report from Dr. Hynek's office; a copy is attached.

I am also attaching the other reports that were made on that date from the Maryland area. Would it be possible to have your opinion on these particular sightings? I hope these are the sightings you were referring to.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 7 -

UFO INFORMATION RETRIEVAL CENTER, INC.
P.O. BOX 57, RIDGEWOOD
MARYLAND 21139, USA

T.M.O.
AUG 11 1966

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is examined necessary, we cannot ask you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
1     AUGUST     1966
Day     Month     Year

2. Time of day: 10:55 PM     10     Minutes
(Circle One):     A.M.     or     P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern     (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Central                     b. Standard
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
DISTRICT HEIGHTS     NEAR WASHINGTON, D.C. PRINCE GEORGE'S
Nearest Postal Address     City or Town     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)     10     Hours     Minutes     Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain     c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?

5.2 Was object in sight continuous?     Yes     No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright             c. Bright     5 SCATTERED WHITE CLOUDS
b. Cloudy             d. Cloudy     (VERY HIGH)

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
b. In back of you     e. Overhead
c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 8 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
very fast, slipped moved up and then straight towards south.

15. Did the object move behind something of any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  (Yes)   No   Don't know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: something i know - VERY HIGH

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound -   NO SOUND ( CAR ENGINE WAS ON )
b. Color -   RED-ORANGE WHITE IN TERRITORY ; RED-YELLOW WHEN GLOW

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1/50 - 1/100

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The page includes a hand-drawn sketch with notes about red lights, time of view, and object movement]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 300-900 mts/hr.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far say it was? 200-300 feet.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?    6-8 miles from
d. Near an airfield?        Andrews AFB
e. Flying over a city?      FORCE BASE
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    g. West
                                h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 30 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No    e. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No    f. Telescope    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No    g. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No    h. Other    Yes    No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
In one direction a submarine. Observed 30 seconds.
In another direction a horizontal, church dome - observed 3 seconds.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   [NO]
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] BALTIMORE 28 MARYLAND
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 41 SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
I am a physicist and an engineer on semiconductor, microelectronic circuits, and systems. I have published a book called "Semiconductor Network Analysis and Design". I have worked in the past 6 years. I am presently consultant to ARINC Research Corporation, Annapolis, Maryland, and also to National Used Rotector Corporation in Dayton, Ohio.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? To NEWSPAPERS - BALTIMORE
AUGUST 1966


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.


- page 13 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   5   August   1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

(1) The colors were very unusual. Shape and monochromatic, but did not give me any illumination. It shows the impression that a scanning process was in progress. First the eye-like yellow point was directed towards the Beltway and towards north. It hovered one tip of the house at least for 10 seconds. Comparing with the top of the house its length was larger and its width close to its. I would compare very clearly its size with part of the house. It was hovering so. There was no light visible from the house windows.

(2) I also concentrated one the body. It was a dull color and gave me the impression that it is a sort of non-metallic material. This last observation must be taken, of course, with cautiousness.

(3) For few miles in either side of the Beltway there were no other cars in sight.

(4) I can locate exactly the house over which. The object was hovering.


- page 14 -

