PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE/TIME GROUP
25 April 65 26/0430Z

2. LOCATION
Ghent, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
45 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
W to SSW NW

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
☒No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
☒No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (MOON) ✓ 
The moon sets at about 04,582 at 310 deg azimuth. Moon approaching first quarter which occurred on 27 April.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted lighted shape in the sky to the west. In the center and in upward direction to the right was a half-moon shape very brilliant light. From this area there protruded in all directions in an uneven arrangement spike-like arms of varied lengths, the tip of each bearing a tiny light.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Chatham, RFD, N.Y.
April 21, 1966

Major Hector Quintanella, Jr.
Project Bluebook
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

At approximately 11:30 P. M., D.S.T., Monday, April 25, 1966, I viewed a lighted shape in the sky to the west of my home on Route 66, in the Town of Ghent, County of Columbia, unlike anything I have ever seen or heard of before.

If, indeed, it had cubic area, then the side visible to me appeared rectangular in shape, with square corners, approximately 16" x 26". I compared it in my mind's eye to the surface of a small sewing table I use.

The whole rectangular side appeared dimly lit, or, if not, then luminous. In the center and in an upward direction to the right was a half-moon shape very brilliantly lighted. From this area there protruded in all directions in an uneven, strangely spike-like arms of varied lengths, the tip of each bearing a tiny, equally brilliant light. At the top peak of the half-moon to the right, the lighting resembled a flat rainbow, all other lighting being colorless.

I did not watch it continuously but at 12:05 A. M., I noticed that the rectangular outline no longer was visible, nor the tiny lights, but the brilliant half-moon area had enlarged to a "fatter" or deeper shape.

No noise was apparent to me, and it moved very little to the north during the time I watched it, off and on, from 11:30 P. M. to 12:15 A. M., when I retired. The weather was clear, with bright stars, but the tiny brilliant lights made the brightest stars appear dim by comparison.

There were several cars passing during this period and I felt sure someone else would have seen it, had they been able to take their eyes from the road. I listened to the news reports the following day, April 26, but the only coverage was on the meteor that streaked through at 8:15 P. M., April 25. Too, because of the lateness of the hour and their busy work schedule the following day, I decided against disturbing my nearest neighbors who had retired.

I have not reported this locally to anyone in an official capacity, including the newspapers, first, for the simple reason that my seventy-odd years' research examination in your statement in the April 1st issue of LIFE Magazine "that most UFO sightings have a rational and usually a very simple explanation"; secondly, I do not want any publicity. However, if a hundred years from now this report helps to fill a gap, I shall consider my effort worthwhile.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]


- page 2 -

