PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
23 Mar66  24/0127Z

2. LOCATION
Portsmouth, New Hampshire

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-visual

7. COURSE
Northerly

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒No

10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was reported to have been the size of an airplane. It traveled in a straight line to the north. A similar signal on a telephone was heard. Object had blue and white lights. Nothing in the report indicates that the object could not have been an aircraft.

2 Witnesses

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

DIRECTORATE OF INFORMATION
BLITH AIR DIVISION (SAC)
KEESE AFB, N.H. 03801
TEL: 430-0100, Ext. 528

READ FOR RECORD
DATE: 28 March 66

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT DATA REPORT

Date of sighting: 23 March 66             Time: 8:30 p.m.   Duration: 1-2 min.

Reported by: [Name redacted]
Address: [Address redacted] Ave., Portsmouth, N.H.   Telephone: [redacted]
Age: 13 yrs         Occupation: 7th grade, Portsmouth Junior High School
Number of people witnessing object: 2   Other: Ports.

Description of object: round object

Shape: round                   Was it sharply defined: yes
Did shape change: no           Color of object: blue light
Did color change: & red        Did color change in intensity: got dimmer & brighter
Speed of object: about 300-400 miles per hr.
Did speed change: no           Did object stop: no
Where:                          For how long:
Location of sighting: on South St., Portsmouth
Description of direction and path of travel: going North East, coming from Hampton area

Was any noise associated with sighting: yes   Describe: like busy signal of telephone

Describe the object's distance from you in relative terms, such as "About tree-top level", "About one block away", "A few hundred feet above the ground", "High in the sky", etc.: 2,000 feet above you

Describe size of object, such as: "size of a golf ball", "size of an airplane", size of a house", "large", "size of a star or satellite" from you: size of an airplane

Weather conditions: (such as clear night, cloudy, hazy, etc.) cloudy

How did object disappear from sight: ( ) All at once   (X) Slowly in distance

Additional information: (see reverse side)


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
23 MARCH 1966
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day:
8 27
Hour   Minutes

(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Postal address is blacked out]
Place Portsmouth   City or Town   New Hampshire   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
2   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
                    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
               b. To your right
               c. To your left
               d. Overhead
               e. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   [No]   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   [No]   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   of a bigger noise on a telephone.
b. Color   grayish white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
about 1/3

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The page includes two hand-drawn sketches of objects, one more circular with multiple lines/arrows, and another more elongated with some dots/markings]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Blank line]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other
[Blank lines]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 5 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 400 TO 500 MILES PER HOUR

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1000 TO 2000 FEET WITH 50 YARDS AWAY

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South        g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No     e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No     f. Telescope    Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No     g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No     h. Other _____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Two searchers facing each other with a bubble on top of each of them.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
PORTSMOUTH, N.H.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS PORTSMOUTH NEWHAMPSHIRE
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 13 SEX BOY

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
23 MARCH 1966
PEASEAL FORCE BASE


- page 8 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   7   APRIL   1966
    Day         Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The rest of the page appears to be blank or too faint to read clearly.


- page 9 -

FTD (TDSW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
4 April 1966

Portsmouth, New Hampshire

Dear

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 23 March 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD Form 164 and return in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

APR 5 1966


- page 10 -

