PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
29 Oct. 66 30/0310Z

2. LOCATION
Brentwood, Long Island, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-4 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
eastward

8. PHOTOS
X Yes
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
X No

10. CONCLUSION
Insufficient data for evaluation
Photos not received as of 14 Dec. 66

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer saw a stationary object in the western sky that was yellow in color. The object was oval in shape and remained stationary. A large cloud moved in front of this object. Yemans after the cloud covered the object a bright blue-white light was noted proceeding toward the east. At first the speed was compared with that of an aircraft. But toward the end of the sighting it suddenly speeded off at a very fast rate of speed. Photos were taken of the object. Observer said that he would sent the pictures to the Air Force for their investigation. Personal contact with the witness was made. He stated that he only saw the one object, but in the later pictures he could not explain the additional three objects. When the witness took the pictures he only saw one object.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 (TDE) 0-329 Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

INITIAL SIGHTING

Looking toward the western sky where witness first saw the oval shaped object. Circle indicates approximate location of the object at the time of the sighting.

SECOND S

Looking toward the eastern sky where the object disappeared from view. Witness said that the object at this time was about the size of a bright star.


- page 2 -

Camera data for the evaluation of Mr. [redacted] photographs

a. Type and make of camera- Yashica 35mm TL Super
b. Type, Focal length, and make of lens- f-2.8, 135mm tele-photo lens
c. Brand and type of film- Kodak Tri-X, developed for 10 minutes at 75 degrees in UFG developer, almost triple the normal developing time.

d. Shutter speed- 1 second
e. Lens opening- f-2.8
f. Filters uses- n/a
g. hand held while balancing on car top
h. was panning used- no

The other two pictures were made of the motionless UFO were made at f-4 1/2 second exposure. Pictures of the craft for when in motion, except for the two final time exposures were taken at 1/2 second.

Picture # 4 was made at 2 seconds exposure
Picture # 5 was made at 4 seconds exposure


- page 3 -

COMMENTS:

The lateral variations in the path match exactly on all four tracks: they are clearly the images of stars, formed as the camera was slowly panned past them. The stars are the three "belt" stars of Orion, followed by the star Rigel. It seems that was trying to photograph something, but succeeded only in recording irrelevant background material. There is no evidence of an intentional fraud.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the image:

Island Press
MONDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1966    5 CENTS

graphed a UFO'

[Caption under image] graphed the UFO in flight, right, he didn't realize there were three more in formation, at left. They turned up when he developed the film.

[Partial headline] nd Jury Launches
be of Minutemen
Seize 20 Men, Arms Cache
By ARNOLD BORNSTEIN


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Moneyword Jackpot
Zooms to $4,900
Rules and Entry
On Page 24

Long
SUFFOLK, No. 4088

'I Photo
Space
Spectacle
Over 11
By LEONARD VICTOR

I saw and photographed a UFO - an unidentified flying object - in North Brentwood late Saturday night.

And although I did not see them, the final time of exposure I took clearly showed three contrails streaks of light in formation, east of the UFO I was photographing. They may have been three more of the mysterious aerial objects that have been roaming Long Island's skies in recent days.

At the same time I was visually and photographically tracking the UFO, Press Photo Staff were also receiving the same sighting in Smithtown and Centerport. I suspect a lot of people aren't going to believe it, but what I witnessed has nothing to do with the so-called "UFO's Are Serious Business" that starts today on page 15 of The Press.

WHAT I first saw was a motionless object, much brighter and at least ten times as large as any planet or star in the sky that I could see at the same time.

It was brilliantly luminous and its pale-yellow shade was close to the color of the ends of your classic field telephone book.

Caption for first image: A closeup of the UFO, with what may be the edge of a cloud at left veiling the outline.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

looks over some of the left is a bazooka.

les Aim
Food Prices
Lawrence T. Gresser Jr. of
Hollis, will meet at 101-15
Jamaica Ave., to organize
demonstrations and studies
of pricing practices at stores
in Hollis, Cambria Heights
and Queens Village.

MRS. GULAR GLOVER,
chairman-elect of Queens
CORE, said her group will
join in picketing and demonstrations at two A & P
stores in St. Albans and
Hollis.
The picketing, she said,
will continue from 9 a.m. to
3 p.m. daily "until we get
satisfaction from the management of the supermarkets."

Flying Convict
Took Off Again
WINNIPEG (UPI) - Kenneth Leishman, the "flying
convict," flew the coop
again last night - but only
for 3 1/2 hours.
Leishman, who is awaiting trial in the $83,000 gold
bullion robbery from Winnipeg International Airport
last March, broke out of
Jail but was recaptured at
a suburban parking lot.

Federal authorities conferred with Hentel yesterday on the probe, which is
expected to dig into activities of Minutemen, an extreme right wing, secretive
nationalist organization
dedicated to militantly combatting "left wing and liberal groups."

The three camps, which
Hentel refused to identify,
reputedly are training centers for left wing groups.
Hentel said yesterday's arrests of 20 men headed off
armed attacks on the camps.

The men, including six
from Queens, six from Nassau and four from Suffolk,
were to be arranged today
in Kew Gardens Criminal
Court.

AS A security measure,
the 20 were jailed in wide
by scattered police precincts.

The extraordinary precaution was taken, authorities explained, to prevent
the prisoners from exchanging information during the night.

The charges, although
not necessarily against all
of the men, included possession of dangerous weapons, conspiracy to commit arson, and unlawful assembly.

The 20 were seized in a
series of raids beginning
at 5 a.m. yesterday by 110
law enforcement officers
who swept through
Queens, Nassau, Suffolk,
Brooklyn, the Bronx and
two upstate areas.

THROUGHOUT the day
truckloads of weapons,
ammunition and equipment rolled up to Hentel's
office in Kew Gardens.
Hentel described the ar-

senal seizure as "the biggest haul of weapons and
destructive material ever
recovered by an agency in
the memory of veteran police officers."

Police said the weapons
and ammo were recovered
from homes, dug up from
yards and wooded areas
and located in several undisclosed places.

Police said that when
they arrested Jack Lynn
Boyce, 10, at his farmhouse
home in Katonah, in West-

Chief Asst. DA Howard Cerny, left, and Detective
George Kelly examine a mortar and crossbow.

chester, officers found so
many weapons that a truck
was filled. They said the
arsenal included 10 machine guns and a number
of bazookas.

A newsman at the scene
said the Minutemen flag -
a duplicate of the Betsy
Ross version with 13 stars
in a circle - was flying atop
the house.

Hentel said the investigation began last January
when New York City police
received confidential information. Several individuals
were put under close surveillance, "secret meetings"
were infiltrated by undercover agents, codes were
broken and hidden cameras
and other spy-type devices
were used, according to
Hentel.

The prosecutor said yesterday's raids were the result of massive coordination between various county police and detectives,
laboratory and tech squad
specialists and state troopers. "Operation Minutemen" was coordinated at
the top by New York City
Chief Inspector Sanford Garelik and Chief
of Detectives Frederick
Leahy.

"We believe we have effectively broken up the

Inside The Press
Poor Need Bolstering - Page 14
An Editorial: One
Proposition, 11
Amendments - Page 16
Most Cities Short on Police
Personnel - Page 7
Student Needs Guidance,
Not Criticism - Page 13

THE WEATHER
Increasing cloudiness today,
tonight and tomorrow, with the low tonight in the

Bridge ........................20
Business ..................... 17
Classified ..................24
Comics .......................30-31
Crossword ................... 31
Editorials ..................... 16
Horse Racing ............... 12
In Review ..................... 15
Dorothy Malone ........... 11
Movies .......................10-11
Obituaries .................... 21
Politics ........................ 8
Radio .......................... 18
Sports ......................... 12
Television ................... 18
Women's Pages ..12-13

upper 50s.


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Koreans Give LBJ
A Wild Reception
SEOUL (AP)—President Johnson was today welcomed to South Korea today by an estimated two million people who broke down metal fences, swarmed around police and clung to rooftops for their first glimpse of the man hailed in a typical banner as the "Great Texas Giant."

Seoul turned out the big-hearted, friendliest crowd of Johnson's seven-nation tour around the eastern rim of Communist China.

The President responded by popping out of his car with a dozen times to mix with the crowd, tossing, flag-waving throng. Once he climbed down a roadside embankment to a muddy rice paddy to inspect a newly harvested rice. An aide used rice stalks to wipe the soggy gray dirt from Johnson's shoes.

Gaping massed crowds estimated by police at 350,000 in City Hall Square, the President voiced concern for the safety of those who pushed, shoved and trampled each other in an effort to get a better view.

Whatever it was, it was stationary enough so that I was able to get two very sharp-looking pictures of its outline. What my eyes saw was roughly a horizontal oval. The sharper eye of the lens showed a weirder shape with weaker cones of light below and above the object, indicating between the time I took the first and second pictures.

A slim bank of low-hanging cumulus clouds, nudged by the chilling early winds we had late Saturday night, moved in front of the UFO.

WHEN IT reappeared, the object was in motion—from west to east—and its yellow shade was swiftly disappearing, replaced by a blush-purple color.

As it passed me, it looked as if it was moving on a straight and level course. It seemed to be going no faster than the typical one-motored private planes that I've flown out of Flushing, Zahn's and other Long Island airports.

As it continued eastward, the UFO seemed to be picked up speed. When I passed south of me as I stood on the Long Island Expressway border, the "whatever-it-was" was doing about 20 miles an hour.

BUT AS it got further east, the speed went up dramatically. The last two experiences made out an object many miles away, show a pair of much longer strides than those made when the UFO was close to me. This means a fantastically high-speed of travel.

Actual speed calculations, from examination of the (Turn to Next Page)

Dad's Efforts Fail, 2 Children Die in Fire
A young Massapequa father was critically injured yesterday when he tried to rescue two of his children from the flames that destroyed their home.

His efforts, however, saved the lives of his wife and another child.

When firemen arrived at the home of Thomas Storjohann at 6 Fairfield Road at 6:10 a.m., they found the one-and-a-half story building in flames.

Volunteer fireman Richard Chichester, 23, threw a garbage can through a Storjohann out before the intense heat and flames prevented further rescue work.

Still in the bedroom was Storjohann's 15-month-old son, Michael. Storjohann had collapsed at the foot of his infant son's crib after fighting his way through the blaze to rescue him.

Also in the house was Storjohann's 6-year-old daughter, Margaret, who had locked herself in a closet in an upstairs bedroom in a fruitless flight from the fire.

Two other members of the family, however, were saved. Storjohann's quick-witted wife, Margaret, 25, and his 3-year-old son, Thomas Jr., escaped.

Young Thomas' life was saved when through chance. He had gotten up in the middle of the night, spotted a light in his parents' bed room and climbed into bed with his mother.

When Mrs. Storjohann saw the smoke, she ran from the bedroom and found the boy in flames. She rushed him into the room and carried him through a window.

She tried to get back into the house to save the others, but both doors were blocked. Then she and the firemen officials.

Storjohann was taken to Mid-Island Hospital, Bethpage, where he was reported in serious condition.

More Raids At High

The Long Island house wife's battle to lower prices showed signs of spreading today.

As pickets continue to march outside two groups, two groups hastily formed over the weekend—plan to hold a protest rallies tonight.

Rallies are scheduled for Huntington by Shoppers Against Deception USA and in Hollis by a new affiliate of the Bay Side-Rosedale Paines Civic Group.

The affiliate is led by M-


- page 8 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Blank line]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other [Blank space]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know for each item]

Page 2 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 9 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
   37    Oct.    66
   Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 23    10
               Hour   Minutes
   (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
   (Circle One): a. Eastern     (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Central                   b. Standard
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   Brentwood    Long Island    New York
   Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    3-5
                                 Hours   Minutes   Seconds
   a. Certain                    (c. Not very sure
   b. Fairly certain             d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    ESTIMATED
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY                           NIGHT
   a. Bright                     a. Bright    some clouds
   b. Cloudy                     b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
               b. In back of you     e. Overhead
               c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No BUT OPEN PAST 12TH TIME SLOW

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5 MILES

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other CAMERA LENS

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The response to question 26 is partially illegible, but appears to discuss comparing the object to something else in the sky]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
YES BEHIND A CLOUD AND THEN REAPPEARED ON THE SIDE OF THE CLOUD.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:    CLOUD

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    (No)    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:    [blank]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound    N/A
b. Color    YELLOW & GREAT AND REDDISH LIGHT BLUE, WHITE LIGHT APPEARED SUPERIOR MOVING BLUE CHANGING ASPECT

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
COMPARABLE

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A simple sketch of an object with an arrow indicating direction of movement]


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

6 students at a local
college

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Sussex -- N.Y.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]    AGE    SEX    24

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

Press reporter - photographer

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

26    9    66
Day    Month    Year    To Curtis County Dept.


- page 13 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ______
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The page contains a curved line with angle markings from 0° to 90°, a compass rose diagram, and blank spaces for drawing the object's path and arrangement.


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    29 Oct. 66
                                               Day    Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

As [redacted] was driving westward on the Long Island Expwy he noted a yellow colored object stationary in the western sky. The initial sighting was at about 2310 EDT, and involved a sighting of an oval object. [redacted] stopped at a nearby rest area and tried to take pictures of a stationary object.

[redacted] took two pictures in the western sky before a large cloud moved in front of the object. Moments after the cloud covered the object a bright blue-white light was noted proceeding toward the east. At first the speed was compared with that of an aircraft but towards the end of the sighting it suddenly speeded off at a very fast rate of speed.

The pictures showed things that the witness claimed he did not see. All he saw at the beginning was a yellowish oval object. He could not explain the apparent light shining down from the object, not the wall light pattern that appeared on the photographs. The last two pictures were taken of the object as it traveled at a very high rate of speed off into the east. The last picture was taken at about 2314 EDT.

Photos: Taken holding camera as most humanly possible

2 in the western sky
3 in the southern sky
1 in the eastern sky for 2 second exposure
1 in the eastern sky for 5 second exposure

In about four seconds the object covered approximately 40 degrees in the sky.

Object could have compared with the Goodyear blimp but the fast rate of speed at the end of the flight path discounted this conclusion by the witness. After the object came from behind the cloud it was no bigger than a bright star. The object had a straight and level flight path as it went toward the east, then it seemed to be slowly climbing as it traveled at the high rate of speed. Also an aircraft with some type of light on the bottom could have been the object viewed but again the high rate of speed at discount this as a possible explanation.

Other witnesses reported different colors visible but agreed on the speed and flight path of the unknown.


- page 15 -

This case contains 21, 3"x4" photos.


- page 16 -

