PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
31 March 66 01/0130z

2. LOCATION
Toms River, New Jersey

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (AIRCRAFT) not even probable. Jot.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
As observer watched a high flying aircraft he noticed another object which appeared as a bright star that began to move in a SW direction. Object did not drop over the horizon as did the aircraft. Some observer stated, Observer stated, the further away the object moved, the closer to earth it appeared, but did not travel in an arc.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 - 15 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
SW

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)

Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FTD (TDEN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
28 June 1966

Toms River, New Jersey

Dear Sir:

Please forgive me for not having written sooner, but my workload has been so heavy that I have had to concentrate on analysis of sightings, briefings, meetings, etc., and I have had to neglect correspondence.

I do appreciate your letter and I will try to answer as many of your questions as I possibly can.

Your observation does not appear to me to be that of a satellite. First of all, the duration of 10 - 15 minutes is too long for a satellite to be visible. Ten minutes should be the maximum for a satellite to be visible, and this is from my experience. You also mentioned that the light traveled in a southwesterly direction. This direction is also wrong for a satellite; since satellites move northeasterly and occasionally westerly.

As of this date, I have not received any UFO reports from military, civilian, and law enforcement agencies... Your report is the only observation received to the Wright office for the night of 31 March 1966 in the New Jersey area. You ask my opinion regarding your sightings. I have none. I cannot become a scientific evaluator; opinions are not necessarily scientific evaluations. At this late date, there seems to be some confusion as to the exact activity in your area. Normal and routine activity seldom excites the radar operators because it is plotted on their radar plot boards and passed on from sector to the defense sector. I would imagine that the Air Defense Command identified the activity in your area and therefore was not unduly concerned otherwise, they would have taken appropriate action.

Regarding your question, of why it takes a week or so to inform an observer that he had observed a weather balloon or a satellite, is a good one. I would like to point out that this type of activity is so routine that it excites no one and is therefore treated accordingly. Balloon activity and satellite activity doesn't really excite the radar operators and the optical tracking operators, therefore, we try to talk to the operator on duty at that particular time so that we can get his reaction to the activity. These stations are manned 24 hours a day and therefore people have to work in shifts. Reaching these people immediately after an observation sometimes


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

becomes a problem and of course causes a delay in the identification of
the object. Another delay in identifying balloons is that we have to
get the weather information from Weather Central in Asheville, North
Carolina. This can take three or four days to process. Wind data is
extremely important in identifying balloon observations.

Believe me, if a missile was on its way to the good ole' USA, it would
certainly be detected. Instead, the United States has a very sophisticated type of activity could easily be checked through NORAD and their
allied installations.

I certainly don't consider the American people ignorant nor do I treat
them that way. I have never denied the possibility that intelligent life
might exist in some form, on another planet or star in our universe.
Rather, this life is, as we know it, a somewhat like. No one
has ever proved that intelligent life as we know it exists on some other
planet. I assume that it exists, but this is a far cry from proving it.
I will be glad to accept the theory of extraterrestrial life, if a
reasonable group of scientists can prove it. I certainly wouldn't panic
and I sincerely believe that our government would be prepared to welcome
a visitation just like they welcome other heads of state. I also believe
that astronomers in their observatories and the tracking stations throughout
the world, will detect the presence of a so-called inter-stellar space
vehicle long before it reaches our earth's envelope. If such an event
ever occurs, then these gentlemen would have notified the world long
before you and I could detect them with the naked eye. I am very serious
about this, I honestly don't believe that these learned gentlemen of
science would keep such an event to themselves and not reveal it to the
several public. After all, fame and fortune await the discoverer of such
an event. Our big problem is the problem of reverse visitation in of the
vast distances which are involved. How do we get mass/weight to travel
at the speed of light? If we can travel at this speed, then our time
problem is only in the order of 8½ - 9 years for a round trip. However,
we know that nothing to the laws of physics as we know them today can
speed of light, therefore, time as we know it will be greater than
8½ - 9 years. It's a fascinating world and there is much to think about
and in the world of physical science there are many, many questions which
are still unanswered.

In conclusion, I would like to state that I haven't seen or reviewed any
evidence which would indicate that we have been visited by a so called
extraterrestrial vehicle. We have no tangible evidence what-so-ever to
prove that we have been visited by a so-called advanced civilization. I
really enjoyed your letter and I wish that I had more time to spend in
answering your questions, but unfortunately time passes much too rapidly
and I must tend to other pressing duties.

2


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Thank you for your most enjoyable letter and for letting me express my feelings on the subject... We don't have all the answers, but they, I don't know of anyone who does.

Sincerely,

BRUCE CURTAIN, Jr., Major, USAF     1 Atch
Chief, Project Blue Book            1 Sagan Article
                                    2. Von Braun
                                    3. Blue Book


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Toms River, N. J.
April 1, 1966

Major H. Quintnnella Jr.
Foreign Technology Division
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir;

Last evening, March 31, 1966, between 8:30 and 9:00 p.m., I happened to go out of my house, which faces in a southerly direction, and I noticed what an unusually clear and beautiful night it was. As I looked up, I noticed an airplane traveling west at a high altitude. As I watched this plane pass under the constellation Gemini, I noticed what I had previously thought to be an extremely bright star in the constellation begin to move. It appeared to be many times higher than the plane. I called it to the attention of my husband, and both he and my 8 year old daughter saw it. We determined it must have been a satellite, as it was very high, and brilliant, like a star. My husband and daughter went into the house, and I continued to watch the object travel in a southwesterly direction for approximately 10 to 15 minutes.

It did not "drop" over the horizon, as did another satellite I had seen, but seemed to travel at the same altitude. The farther away it moved, the closer to the earth it appeared, but did not travel in an arc. This puzzled me, so I tried to find out if there were any satellites scheduled to appear over our area. I looked in the newspapers to no avail. Finally I called the Asbury Park Press, and spoke with the weather department. I asked if any satellites had been scheduled, and was told there were not. The person I spoke with also said that the State Police had received a number of calls concerning the object from the Metedconk area, which is about 11 miles from my home.

I did not call the police, as I felt a little foolish, since the sudden rush of "sightings" in the area lately.

I do not know what this object was, and will not make

A/c


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

2.

any wild guesses. I do not believe it was a plane, because
of its high altitude and brilliance, and because it was not
moving when I first saw it, unless it was traveling toward
my line of vision, which could make it appear to be stationary.

I realize most of these sightings can be explained in a
very sensible manner, and I am always with an open mind,
ready to evaluate all situations of life today, in what I
believe is an intelligent manner.

Would you please inform me of your opinion concerning
this matter, and also answer a few questions for me?
I would like to know why it takes so long to inform
the people that a "sighting" which took place a week or a
month past, was only a weather balloon or a satellite?
It seems to me that with all the military installations
around us, they surely must have viewed the object on their
radar, and not before hand that one was in the area. If
they did not have the information, the speed of communications
available to them today should have enabled them to find out
its identity and source within minutes. After all, our
Ballistic Missile Early Warning System at Thule, Greenland,
can trace the source and give us a fifteen minute warning
of a missile's probable point of impact in the United States.
Here, a military base 10 or 20 miles away cannot tell you
what went through the skies even days later! If our
military stations are supposed to know what is traveling
in our skies at all times, they are pretty slow about such
simple things as weather balloons and satellites, whose
courses are supposedly tracked!

It raises grave doubts in my mind as to their ability
to do their jobs. For Example, I would hate to find out
that an object which was seen, but not identified a week
earlier, and had blown up an entire large city, was finally
identified a week or more later as a missile!

Why does it take so long to inform the people as to
the origin and identity of an object, when the information
should have been known, and ready to release as soon as any
questions arose?

If there is any knowledge of the origin of the unexplained


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

3.

objects as being from this planet or others, the hemming and having that is being done only makes the public more doubtful of your explanations, no matter how true they are.

We are not all ignorant people, nor are those in the government services all geniuses. We are living in the space age. The people of the world now know that we are in a position to travel to other planets and build manned stations in space, so why should we be made to feel that we are the only form of life which God gifted with the superior intelligence capable of achieving these feats?

We learn in school and in books now, that the sun is only one of a hundred thousand million stars in our galaxy which can benefit a planet near it with its life giving resources. We also know that astronomers believe that out of the 100 billion stars in the Milky Way, several million of them should be capable of supporting life. Or, one planet with life, in every 1,500 cubic light years. Also, most of the people know that there is substantial evidence of an organic form of life on Mars.

I feel the public is capable of accepting, and should be told truthfully, whether there is, or is not, any chance of these objects being from other planets which are in, or outside of our galaxy.

If I may quote from a book entitled "The Universe":

"Under the circumstances, one might expect that intelligent beings on planets around other stars, having reached the same conclusion (eg. as we have), that there could be life on other planets), would try to communicate with their distant, probable coinhabitants of the galaxy. Possibly some of them are trying."

I would like to hear from you on this subject. I realize that I seemed to claim on my soapbox and filibuster a bit, but I earnestly feel that these questions and doubts are in the minds of almost all people today, and there is an urgent need for them to be answered if we are to be called an intelligent people, capable of believing in our fellow man and living in peace with all, no matter who they are or where they are from.

Thank you for allowing me to take up your valuable time.

Very truly yours,
Mrs.


- page 7 -

