PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 4 August 66  05/0315Z

2. LOCATION: Broomall, Pennsylvania (1 Witness)

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 - 5 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: E

8. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes   [X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [ ] Yes   [X] No

10. CONCLUSION: Possible (AIRCRAFT)
No data presented to indicate object could NOT have been A/C

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer noted light which was brighter and more orange than a full moon when still low in the sky. Object appeared to have 3 windows. Object moved toward the south and gained altitude. Then it seemed to turn and move toward the east, disappearing from view behind trees. As object turned, shape and color changed, also two red lights were observed.

FORM FTD SEP 65 G-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     August     1966
    Day            Month       Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The page is Page 7 and the text fields are mostly blank, with only the date filled in.


- page 2 -

Broomall, Pa.
Aug. 8, 1966

Major Daniel C. King
NFDC
Johnsville, Pa.

Dear Major King:

A friend of mine heard you speak at the USARC banquet and suggested I write to you.

On Thursday night, Aug. 4, about 11:15 p.m. I saw a UFO. When I first saw it, it was a stationary still one in the sky, then it moved, darting and apparently turned, moved on and disappeared. I was wide awake, sober, and I'm not a kook!

I'm leaving for vacation Aug. 11 and will return Aug. 27. However I doubt that you will find it necessary to get in touch with me.

Very truly yours,
(Illegible signature)
(Ph. D., M.D.)


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Broomall, Pa.                                                      4 Aug 66

FWD (TDGYR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
15 August 1966

Broomall, Pennsylvania 19008

Dear Miss

Reference your unidentified observation of 4 August 1966.
The information in your letter was not sufficient for
evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form
164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

AFSC SCIENTIFIC & TECHNICAL LIAISON OFFICE(RTSND)
NAVY DEPARTMENT
U. S. NAVAL AIR DEVELOPMENT CENTER
JOHNSVILLE
WARMINSTER, PA 18974

OFFICIAL BUSINESS

Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

ETR
Hqo.


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Thurs 4 August 1966
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 4:20/28-11 15
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Rd                Broomall    Penna
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 4:20/28-3-5
                                 Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
5.1 How long in sight determined?    Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 63 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light with windows
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Brighter - and once orange - than a full moon when
still | just hanging in sky

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other: It had 3 windows

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes. It moved toward the south and gained altitude, then it seemed to turn (+ the shape and color changed) and moved toward the east disappearing from view.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
Yes, it disappeared from my sight behind a tree, but it did not reappear. The original sighting was from the window.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Bright, glinting, orange. When it seemed to turn, it was bright and reddish lights, one on either side of it.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Very little.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included with notes describing the object's position, movement, and appearance of lights]

Notes on the sketch include:
1st position orange glow not moving
turned to and position
center part was not distinct
Red lights were large, steady, and small and blinking like ordinary aircraft.

Movement direction noted as N → then E← W


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
Still at first, then moved slowly, then rapidly.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 150 feet at 500 ft. alt.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? with a
d. Near an airfield? Phila. Int. Airport
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No       e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No       f. Telescope       Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No       g. Theodolite      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No       h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Like nothing I have ever seen.


- page 8 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2 NO
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
N.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   (No)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
On play of that later I saw my neighbor who walks her dog at night. At night asked her if she ever sees anything strange at night. She said "Yes, Thursday night I saw a flying saucer." She said it was blue + orange, she lives Mrs. George Tipton 315 Lewis Rd. Broomall Pa.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Rd. Broomall Mapes Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 52   SEX E

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Lt USNG (W) Bur of Aeronautics Special Devices Div World War II

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
11 August 1966
Major Daniel King NADC Johnsville Pa.


- page 10 -

