The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 22 Mar 68 22/2302Z
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 5 Minutes 
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE Stationary
8. PHOTOS None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE None
10. CONCLUSION Other (CLOUD/CONTRA IL)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was long like a cigar with a round section under it. The color appeared to be black. Was not moving. Disappeared behind a building while observer was driving through town.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document related to a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared to obtain from you information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 22 March 66
2. Time of day: 6:30 Hours 30 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M. 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Convoy or town City or Town Van Wert State or County Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 5 Minutes - Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? X Fairly certain Not very sure Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No _
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One) DAY: a. Clear b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Bright 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Few mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined?
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Slowed, dwindling circles drifting through the sky down from.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound: none b. Color: beige

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? The entire object would have been covered by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. [A simple sketch is included showing an ellipse-shaped object moving to the right.]

- page 4 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, it is a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. As an OCR system, I will proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Partially, gradually varying

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) (Yes) No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3-1 mile sight distants

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 55-60 miles

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) No e. Binoculars (Yes)
b. Sun glasses (No)    f. Telescope (Yes)
c. Windshield (Yes) No g. Theodolite (Yes)
d. Window glass (Yes) No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. Circular silver-metallic in nature object, similar to a saucer shape, no distinguishing features other than size and color, appeared to moving very slowly yet progressively through the sky.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains diagrams and text.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90°  75°    60°    45°    30°    15°    0°

N
NW        NE
W                E
SW        SE
S

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

See figure 19

- page 6 -

