PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 4 January 69 04/2330Z

2. LOCATION: Utica, New York

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 Hours, 45 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: Varied

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA
[There is no evidence that the observations made were not separately Star/Planet, Meteor, and Aircraft sightings. However because of the conflicting and insufficient nature of the data the sighting remains unidentified.]

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer stated that he saw one object which appeared and disappeared several times during a 3 hour 45 minute time period. The object appeared as a starlike bright light and was hazy to the naked eye. At times the object traveled in a straight line, arced overhead, and hovered. At times the object moved at speeds estimated at over 1,600 mph, and at other times was stationary.

FORM FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

a dull red. At times it flared up and she
was confused after it was viewed from level
angle & at the same time.

A degree or more people know the
occurrence would just experience it
if you could give us a logical explanation
as to what this object was.

Yours truly,


- page 2 -

FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
16 February 1966

Mr. [redacted]
Utica 3, New York

Dear [redacted]:

We have no reports from the state of New York on the night of 4 January. If you were a witness to the object indicated in your letter, we would appreciate it if you would complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it to our office for analysis.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you further details.

1. When did you see the object?
JANUARY 4 1966
Day       Month     Year

2. Time of day: [Hours and Minutes section is blank]
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is blacked out]
Utica      New York
City or Town     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
3    15
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

6. a. Certain         c. Not very sure
   b. Fairly certain  d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Approximate

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No ✓

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 154   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other: [blank line]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
                    Yes     No     Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: Trees, Roofs, etc.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ONE WITNESS THAT HE HEARD A FAINT ROAR
b. Color METALLIC YELLOW GREEN WITH REDDISH AND BRIGHT ACTIVITY IT
SEEMED TO HAVE A GLOW AROUND IT

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match stick. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the match stick would have covered a part, half, the size of the
OBJECT SIGHTED

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The document includes two hand-drawn sketches of the object, one labeled "Through Binoculars" and another with an arrow indicating direction of movement]


- page 6 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? OVER 7 MILES AND MPH.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No       e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No       f. Telescope       Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No       g. Theodolite      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No       h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Partially illegible text at bottom of page]


- page 7 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ______
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[Partially illegible handwritten text]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Names and addresses are blacked out]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Last Name, First Name, Middle Name are blacked out]
ADDRESS: [Street, City, Zone, State are blacked out]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [blacked out]
AGE: 17   SEX: Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Senior in high school

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially illegible handwritten text for Day, Month, Year]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Date fields left blank]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[Handwritten text, partially legible:]
[First few lines are difficult to fully transcribe due to handwriting]

The last line appears to read: "I hope you will inform me of the result of your investigation."

The rest of the handwritten text is partially illegible and cannot be confidently transcribed.


- page 10 -

January 7, 1966

Utica 3 pm New York

Dear Sirs,

On the night of January 4, 1966, several sightings were made of UAC in the Utica area. I sighted first it was a limited sighting only in the Eastern half side city. However on further investigation, it was learned that many people thought the area will seen this flight.

We have found many pieces of the belt it was better well lined in our estimate of you.

From the hours of 8:30 to 10:15 PM, it moved over this city. It was stable in appearance has moved quite the aerial sky, swept at was up low and much like our star scope gradually faint.

Through pilot glasses it was viewed to have a wide clear band I wish found


- page 11 -

