This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. The image shows a filled-out form with various details about a UFO sighting, including the date, time, location, number and description of objects observed, length of observation, type of observation, and a brief summary and analysis.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 
6 Oct. 66 1120Z
3. SOURCE
Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
northward
PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No
10. CONCLUSION
Balloon(possible)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers noted a kite-like object moving in a direction from northeast to southwest. According to movement toward the south. Object moved at a speed of approximately 30 m.p.h. After observing it moved behind a house. Observation is consistent with the launch of a balloon from suburban Dayton, Ohio twice a day, and could have been responsible for the sighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give us in this questionnaire may not be used in court. We request that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details. 

1. When did you see the object? 6  October  1966

2. Time of day: 6:30 A.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central x c. Mountain  d. Pacific  e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Road Beavercreek City or Town

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 Minutes Seconds 

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By watch 

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes x No

6. What was the condition of the sky? 
DAY: a. Clear b. Bright x c. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy x

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. Directly in front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164  This form supersedes FTO 144, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image contains a hand-drawn diagram of a triangle-shaped object, possibly representing the UFO that was observed. The diagram includes an arrow to indicate the direction of movement of the object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? See page 7
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
    (Circle One): Yes -- X No -- A house
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One): Yes -- in front of: No -- X Don't Know.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
    a. Sound: No sound
    b. Color: Transparent and clear
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object could have been covered by the match head? 
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing things about the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or
 flames. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a question and answer form with various multiple-choice options.

OCR output of the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): 
Did not appear as a light
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 4 -

The image contains a document page from Project Blue Book, a historical US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page features a diagram and instructions for sketching the motion and position of a UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Transcription of the text on the document page:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the sketch to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

The text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES - 30 MPH
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 30 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES - 300 feet
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 300 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
c. Outdoors

23. Were you (Circle One)
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) c. South
24.2 How fast were you moving? 25-30 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes - 3 or 4 times

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes
c. Windshield Yes
d. Window glass Yes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.
A piece of clear plastic.

- page 6 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It is a typed narrative description of a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 19 October 

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific paragraph above:
It was observed at 6:20 pm and I saw the object. I called to tell it was observed. It appeared to have a white light and proceeded in an easterly direction. Appeared to be moving at a tremendous speed. It followed it on Beaver Valley Road. While following I observed it go south to north and watched it until it was stationary in the north and then proceeded north and then west down the Road so I could get a closer view of the object. It moved back into its path north, stopped and winked out. After it had passed beyond me, I got back in the pickup and drove back-and-forth and the object was no longer there. When I drove out from the house where the object was observed, the object was gone.

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. It appears to be a form filled out by a witness reporting a UFO sighting.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. - No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) - Yes - X No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: - Dayton 32, OHIO, Xenia, OHIO 45385
32. Please give the following information about yourself: - NAME, Last Name, First Name, Middle, ADDRESS R. R. Street, XENIA City, ZONE Ohio, TELEPHONE NUMBER, AGE 58, SEX Male
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? - 6 Oct. 1966, 257-0914

- page 8 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

13 Oct. 66

Contact was made with Sulfur Grove balloon release station the release of a balloon on or about 0600 EST. A balloon was at 0600 and could have been in the Beavercreek area. The chance been sent to Ashville, North Carolina and the individual did not recall the wind direction or the velocity.

- page 9 -

