Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
9 July 66 09/0902

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NE

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

2. LOCATION
Hamilton, Ohio

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE

FORM
FTD SEP 63-320 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

FTD (TDSTR)/4
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
12 August 1966

Hamilton, Ohio 45013

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Reference your unidentified Observation of 9 July 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient
for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD
Form 184 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 2 -

FJID (TIGER)/hc
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
12 August 1966

Hamilton, Ohio 45013

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Reference your unidentified observation of 9 July 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient
for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD
Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):    8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                     a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                    b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                     c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember           d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):           WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear sky                   a. Dry
b. Hazy                        b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds            c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds       d. Snow
                               e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                   d. As a light
    b. Transparent             c. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                  d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
    - 3 MAGNITUDE

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred        e. Other
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                           (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?     Yes   No   Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away        Yes   No   Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?         Yes   No   Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                         Yes   No   Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                      Yes   No   Don't know
    f. Change shape?                           Yes   No   Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                       Yes   No   Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                 Yes   No   Don't know


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
09   07   1966
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 0400
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: HAMILTON     OHIO
City or Town           State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours   Minutes   Seconds
(Circle One): a. Certain   c. Not very sure
             b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? IN VIEWING CALL
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.   (Send 164)


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
FADES OUT

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: PROBABLY CLOUD

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NO
b. Color: YELLOWISH - ORANGE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
OUT TO 3. WAS ABOUT TWICE SIZE OF VENUS

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
POINT SOURCE


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Doing 20/10 min.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East            e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast       f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No     f. Telescope       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No     g. Theodolite      Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No     h. Other
d. Window glass     Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Partially illegible handwritten text appears to read something about a "POINTED" or "POINTED" object and "CIRCULAR DISC"]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? N/A
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document also contains a compass diagram and an angular measurement diagram with degrees from 0° to 90°.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
no

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
HAMILTON OHIO
45013

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] HAMILTON OHIO 45013
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 19   SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[partially illegible text at bottom of form]


- page 9 -

