The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 12 JULY 66 / 2352 
2. LOCATION: Albuquerque, New Mexico
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: SW
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer watched a star like object then later a long shaped object travel toward the SW. The first object left a trail and the second nothing. In both cases the object was very high and going SW. The object disappeared slowly in the SW.
The description is consistent with that of an aircraft observation. It is actually difficult to determine how long the object was visible, from the description it appears that two objects were observed instead of one as reported. If this is the case there is no indication as to how long each was visible.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a UFO questionnaire document from Project Blue Book.

UFO QUESTIONNAIRE

Description of the Object(s):
a. Shape: Saucer-shaped
b. Size as compared to a known object: The size of a pin head at a distance, the size of a quarter or half dollar when closer and passing overhead
c. Color: Metallic
d. Number: One
e. Formation, if more than one: N/A
f. Any discernible features or details: None

g. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to object(s): Little or none

h. Sound, if heard, describe sound: No sound

i. Other pertinent or unusual features: None

Description of Course of Object(s):
What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): First sighting of the sky

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed:
Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:
Careful careful west 
Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s):
Slowly at elevation 500 ft easterly
How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the horizon, etc.):
Instantaneous
How long (were) the object(s) visible? (Be specific):
2 min x 6 miles
Means of Observation:
Ground-visual, combination of the following items: visual, ground-electronic, if electronic, specify type of radar.
Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description:
None

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

1. If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

4. Time and Date of Sighting: 13 6379
a. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 27 2344
b. Light conditions (use one of the following terms: Night, day, down, dusk)

5. Location of Observer(s): Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position

6. Identifying Information on Observer(s): Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.

7. Weather and Winds: Observer(s) account of weather conditions.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 12 JULY 56 - 23/0072
2. LOCATION: Albuquerque, New Mexico
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: NE
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Astro(Natural)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer watched a round shaped white colored object travel horizon to horizon in about 10 seconds. The object had a little trail as it traveled across the sky. The description is consistent with that of a meteor observation.

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image. 

UFO QUESTIONNAIRE
1. Description of the Object(s):
a. Shape: Oval
b. Size compared to a known object (Use one of the following terms: silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit or basketball) held in the hand: 15 LG.
c. Color: (unk)
d. Number: One
e. Formation, if more than one: -
f. Any discernible features or details: -
g. Tail, trail or exhaust, including size of same compared to object: 15 (a) X 3 (b) 
h. Sound, if heard, describe sound: None
i. Other pertinent or unusual features: Same as (b)

2. Description of Course of Object(s):
a. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?: -

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely part of Project Blue Book. The text in the document discusses the details of an observed object, including its angle, elevation, flight path, and disappearance. The document also mentions the use of optical aids such as telescopes and binoculars to observe the object.

c. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
d. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s)
how did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north?)
How long (were) the object(s) visible? (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.)
Manner of Observation:
a. Used one or more combination of the following items:
Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radio.)
b. Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only text in a document format.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

2. Time and Date of Sighting:
a. Zulu time-date group of sighting  13/0200Z 
b. Light conditions (Use one of the following terms: Night, Dusk, Dawn, Daylight) Daylight

3. Location of Observer(s): Give latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position

6. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
a. Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability
b. Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability 

7. Weather and Winds: Observer(s) account of weather conditions
(Overcast, 3000 feet, Visibility 5 miles, Wind 360/5, Temp 70)

- page 8 -

