The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the one with the file name "1966-08-8728209-FortSmith-Arkansas.pdf1.txt".

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 15 AUG 66 1630/Z
2. LOCATION: Fort Smith, Arkansas
3. ROUTE:
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: SEVERAL (AIRCRAFT?)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Various
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: GROUND-VISUAL (GD)
7. COURSE: Varied
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observation in the sky (red, green, and white in color), occasionally blinking, and twinkling. Some of the lights moved in a southerly direction, others did not move. None of any unusual objects were reported by the FAA. One of these objects appeared to have a vapor trail and disappeared. No noises were heard by the observers. Several people were watching these objects in the sky at the time.
At HQ - Intensity studies made. Radar and visual confirmed. "The object track then follows that of two known aircraft that were operating in the area. The object could be a satellite or space debris or any high intensity lights from aircraft passing overhead."
The object track then follows that of two known aircraft. However, no other aircraft were tracked by the FAA. The object could be a satellite or space debris or any high intensity lights from aircraft passing overhead.

- page 1 -

The image contains a photograph of a UFO sighting over the Fort Smith, Arkansas area. The photo appears to show a ghostly or shadowy image of a UFO-like object in the sky. 

OCR output of the text in the document:

Sky Gazers See Something
Fort Smith sighted skyward the drove around the city, something- - flying saucers. the or wnat at was mystery, information teported tne from fact say that at least 40 unidentified objects sightings were reported to the police during the night. Police officials and said radio reported no no strange flights were unusual, it added. apparently they saw something over Little Rock Air Force base observers, according to otneinformation Capt James Editor, informed the press that at several persons did see flashing lights in the sky at that time, 18:45 p.m. that night, and "this is no doubt about it." Capt. Eaton, at this time operations officer at the base, said air defense and air control personnel could not definitely identify the objects, but that there was no unusual air activity in the are.

One set of red and green lights appeared flashing like a white beam of light, all moving about. "What we saw were lights," a policeman said, describing the strange objects, "not the classic type flying saucer."

According to witnesses, the lights wert not penetrating the thousands of feet between the ground and them, and seemed more excitement last a few seconds than usual. 

They still believe it a flight of strange objects, including some small white lights, which in their opinion were moving at a much higher speed than any known aircraft. 

Fort Smith police receiving many calls regarding sightings, including one from the Prairie Grove Police Department, eight miles west of here, who saw and reported the same phenomenon.

The weather bureau at Little Rock reported no unusual atmospheric conditions in the area that night, nothing to explain the lights.

One witness, Ralph Thompson, reports the patrol car warning beacon which was spread out in the sky like a fan. 

A VIEW OF AN UFO -- Many citizens throughout the area spotted UFO's Monday night over the city. The photograph is a composite made by combining several photographic exposures at varying times.

the lights disappeared. Police said they could not identify lights they observed. they could not be reached for comment. It was sighted during the day as well as night, indicating that something might be going on, but citizens were puzzled as to its explanation. Gilbreath did not see the lights disappear, but said the lights were "tremendous, intense intensity" and that one appeared to "luge" downward.

The citizens who reported the city. At one point eight lights were spotted in a row, apparently the same object. Some said the lights seemed to go out and come back on again, reminiscent of the Redlands, California, UFO incident. 

One resident said the lights were "tremendously powerful" and appeared brighter than a full moon.

The lights appeared to be high-powered, possibly military. Some observers said the lights were larger and more intense than anything they had seen before. The lights were spotted from several locations around the city.

An ex-serviceman said the lights appeared to be coming from two planes reflecting off each other. But others felt the lights came from one source, possibly a high-powered craft.

The lights were also seen at Paragould, Ark., some 80 miles from Fort Smith, where many residents reported the same phenomenon at the same time. The lights would zoom ahead, then reverse direction and then disappear.

According to Ken Beek of Radio Station KLSS, Paragould, "The lights were not conventional aircraft lights. They were extremely bright and seemed to change directions rapidly, unlike any aircraft lights we've ever seen."

The lights appeared to be very high in the sky, possibly in the stratosphere or above. Some said the lights would break up into a cluster of smaller lights, then reform into a single light. All agreed the lights were unlike anything they had ever seen before.

- page 2 -

The image provided appears to contain a photograph. The photograph shows an unidentified flying object (UFO) or object in the sky, as described in the caption below the image. The caption states that this is a "VIEW OF AN UFO" and that "Many citizens thought the object moving through the sky". The photograph itself shows a blurry, indistinct shape against a dark background.

Transcription of the text in the document:

VIEW OF AN UFO Many citizens thought the obje ct moving through the sky on this night was a UFO. This picture is a time exposure showing the path of an "object" (Southwestern Photo by Bill Sauder)

- page 3 -

The image contains a black and white photograph showing several bright objects in the sky over a town, described as "Sky Gazers" in the caption. The caption indicates that these objects were spotted over Fort Smith, Arkansas, after "spotting a UFO which was seen by around 300 to 500 people" on the night of August 8-9, 1966.

Air Force Investigating Local Reports of UFOs

The text below the photograph describes the Air Force's investigation into the UFO sightings reported in the Fort Smith area. It mentions that an officer will be sent to Fort Smith on Thursday to make a routine investigation. The text also discusses how the lights were seen by many people, and that the Air Force will look at photographs and try to determine the nature of the sightings.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or report from the Air Force on a UFO sighting.

Wed. August 17, 1966
Air Force
(Continued from page L-4)
an unusual light. I went outside
and looked through my binoculars
here and saw the light in the sky.
What was it? We were just advertising a fried chicken restaurant."
Capt. Ector said he and his
NCO obtained a sighting of the
object on Aug. 17 at about 11:15
p.m. from the Fort Smith Police Department.
"The description briefly viewed the lights
above Fort Smith by daylight
and with the aid of binoculars. 
His description went this way:
"Four red lights, immobile
but seeming to rotate like a pinwheel, with a blue central light.
There was a pulsing yellow warning blink like the old-fashioned
yellow lights on airport runways."
"One set of red lights, traveling in
a straight line, appeared to be
higher, faster moving, and the
lights were not in a pinwheel formation."
"A blinking white light moved
steadily in the same manner and
proceeded in the same manner."
"What we saw were lights,"
Capt. Ector said.
The sergeant said he observ-
ed these for about an hour. He
said saw crowds of 300-400,
people watching the same object
during the night. Crowds accom-
panied the object for 6-8 miles,
listening to a radio broadcast,
estimated to number in the thousands.
Capt. Ector said he conducted
several other interviews during
the day but "they were listening
types interviews only." He said
the captain particularly saw something unusual last night but
"what, I don't know yet."
He said that since Jan. 1,
1967, there have been 10,007 re-
ports of unidentified flying ob-
jects. The Air Force has inves-
tigated all but 685 to its own
satisfaction.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a document. The text on the image states:

AUDIO-TAPS
AUG- 15 1966
OBJ: GILLHAM
FT. SMITH, ARKANSAS
FILE # 10037932, 10037933, 10037934, 10037935, 10037936, 10037937, 10037938
IN CUSTODY OF AUDIO-VISUAL DIVISION
1975

Based on the information provided, this appears to be a document related to audio recordings or "tapes" that were in the custody of the Audio-Visual Division, with details about the file numbers and location (Fort Smith, Arkansas).

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. The image shows a handwritten text that states "CASE INCLUDED: 6 REELS OF TAPE in separate folders".

CASE INCLUDED: 6 REELS OF TAPE in separate folders

- page 7 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a declassified Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting. The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE WASHINGTON 25, D.C.
REPLY TO
ATTN OF: BDSXI 7 September 1966
SUBJECT: UFO Sightings
TO: FTD

1. The following conforms to the basic reporting format shown in AFR 200-2: However, because of the large number of people involved and the number of sightings, information on the subject is not detailed. 

2. Included here are reporting on the events of 16 August. Recording tapes are being sent under a separate cover which go into detail on the sightings.

3. Description of the object(s)
a. circular shape 
b. size of a pea
c. red, green and white in color
d. one to four traveling in a straight line
e. blinking white light which changed to a steady white light
f. no sound was heard
g. there were in formation and the fourth out of formation(shape of a triangle)

Description of course of objects
a. attention was drawn to the blinking lights in the sky
b. seen to the northwest and moving south
c. moved in a zig-zag pattern
d. flight path was straight and no sharp maneuvers
e. objects disappeared abruptly rather than faded out
f. objects disappeared instantaneously to the south
g. objects were visible for three hours

Manner of Observation
a. Objects were seen from the ground and with the aid of binoculars
b. Binoculars were used for a few of the sightings 
c. Sightings were all made from the ground.

Peace . . . is our Profession

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document describing a UFO sighting that occurred in the Fort Smith, Arkansas area.

Time and Date of Sightings
- The sightings were from 0300 hours zulu to 0600 hours zulu on August 19, 1966.
- The sightings were a clear night with no haze.

Location of Observer
- All sightings were made in the Fort Smith, Arkansas area.

Identifying Information on Observers:
a. Sergeant J.W. Gilbreth (Fort Smith Police Department)
b. No military personnel were involved in the sightings.
c. It was noted that hundreds of city and rural residents were witness to the sightings. However, all were not interviewed.

Weather Conditions:
a. Clear night with no haze
b. Calm
c. Wind direction unknown
d. Apparently unlimited ceiling
e. No cloud cover
f. No storm areas
g. Temperature was normal for the year (70-75 degrees F)

No unusual activities as far as Meteorological conditions are concerned.
No identification action taken.
No air traffic designated for the area.
See news clippings for comments.

Existence of physical evidence: Under separate cover sheet are recording tapes, news clippings, and photographs (negative not obtainable) covering the sequence of events.

The document also mentions that 5 sources, including several "large numbers of people" (approximately 1,500) were interviewed, and their descriptions coincided with that given by a majority of the observers.

- page 9 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with the heading "FOR THE COMMANDER" and a signature below that reads "JAMES S. ECTOR, Captain, USAF Director of Information".

Output of the text found in the document:

6. If you feel that any further information is necessary, you can
contact on our full cooperation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES S. ECTOR, Captain, USAF
Director of Information

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather text in the form of a memo for the record.

Memo for the Record
16 August 66
Received a call from Col. Lemsley, Commander, Little Rock AFB. He stated that object had been seen in the sky over Fort Smith, Arkansas. He requested that AFOSI check into the phenomena for the preceding two hours. The objects looked as lights and glows in the sky and appeared to be quite solid in appearance.
Sergeant Poindexter suggested that contact be made with the Police in Fort Smith to see if they had any other reports on the objects seen. Records made by the Little Rock command post reporting conversations.
Following notification, the Little Rock AFB Commander stated that the Little Rock AFB would not participate in that type if investigation outside their facilities. He would, however, cooperate as much as possible and forwarded all information received from Fort Smith, Arkansas.
Conversation with Lt. Dixon, Little Rock AFB. He will leave on the afternoon of 16 August to investigate the alleged sightings.
1 Sept. 1966
Contact was made with Capt. _ of Little Rock AFB. He said that Capt. Ector of the Little Rock AFB Port Smith airport say the alleged UFO and reported to local news media that the object looked like an aircraft with a light at 2357 hours on 31 August 1966.
A warrant officer also stated that the alleged UFO looked very much like the aircraft that has been circling the Cloud
13 Sept. 66
Called Lt. Dixon at Little Rock AFB. He will tell Capt. Ector that Project Rock requires additional information of any aircraft in the area. Capt. Ector is to forward our office any information regarding investigation and aircraft in the center of the reported sighting to have a record of any aircraft in the area.
Contact was made with the 7th BW Clinton Sherman AFB, Okla. The 7th BW was refueling between 0245-0345Z on the refueling track. Ten Killer on 16 August 66.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains text only.

13 Sept. 66
Contact with 70th BW, Clinton Sherman AFB, OKLA. The 70th BW was using a-fighting track Ten Killer between 02-3-03/32-16 August 1966. The 43rd BW was in the area between 055-01552 16 Aug-66. 25,000 going west
70th BW 024-3-03432 16 Aug-66 27,000 going east

- page 12 -

The image contains a photograph of some lights or objects in the sky. The text mentions that sightings of unidentified objects were reported in the Fort Smith area. However, I will not attempt to identify or name any individuals in the image, as per the instructions provided.

Saucers, Planes or Stars?
Sky Something
Fort Smith reported skyward lights as 'something'
(Continued from page 1-A)
"Like a star" but only one light was seen. They were smaller but appeared closer than stars as they danced way overhead. 
Capt. James Kelly, informations officer at the Little Rock Air Force Base, said that their radar did not pick up anything in the sky that night.
Apparently they saw some-thing there that was not aircraft coming and going over the city.
Capt. James Yetor, information officer at the Little Rock Air Force Base, informs there is no record of any sightings of unidentified flying objects in that area by Air Force personnel.
A number of persons in the city described the lights as "saucers, planes or stars?" and the information was relayed to the Air Force, said Smith Police Chief Gene Baker.

"We didn't see anything, and our radar didn't pick up anything," Baker said.
Stacy, a resident of the area, suggested there were thousands of calls concerning the sighting and a considerable excitement followed the reports.
"They said there were sightings of bright lights in the sky," said Baker.
"Whatever it was, it was seen by an enormous number of people and caused considerable excitement," he added.
They still believe in a sky-appearing something, said Stacy. 
"We've had no reports of anything from the Air Force or anyone else," Baker said. "It was something seen in the sky by a number of people, but we don't have any explanation for it."

- page 13 -

