PROJECT 10271 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
21 Oct 66     22/0235z

2. LOCATION
Pataskala, Ohio                 (one witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
55 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
SW-SE

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
(other)   INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    27    10    66
                                              Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

There are no airports, or Air Force Bases in the area where the object was sighted. The other party sighted it again when returning to his home which is in the same general area. He heard the same sound as before, saw the same movement, then the object "flew" away in the Southwest for the last time. It gave the impression of moving in two directions at once, because it crossed our path and passed us both at the same time. At the point when it was coming toward us to fly across us, the "headlight" of the object shown right through the car window onto my shoulder, but I could look directly at the beam and there was absolutely NO glare.

It was approximately 1/2 mile away when the light shined on us.

It could stop in mid-air and "hover", and it did so frequently. Then it could take off and reach an unbelievable speed in no time. When it changed directions, there was no "skid" or "slide". It made a 90 degree turn(while going at this high speed), but it stayed in the exact same spot while doing so. In other words, it could make "flat" turns.

It had two more "headlights" shining out of the bottom of this object which it flashed on and seemed to look at the road and then flashed back off again. It seemed as though the object was watching us, too, and "played a game" with us for the length of the hour.

We both knew somehow that the object was not out to harm us in any way, and a strange primitive feeling came over us when the


- page 2 -

object was within the closest range..

We stopped once and turned off the car engine and lights and it flew over us at which time we heard the sound of it. When it passed over for the final time, it was coming straight at us, and then as it flew over, it tilted, as we have shown in the drawing on page 3, question #19. When it passed over us, there was no radio interference, and there was no wind, such as there is when being passed by a semi truck.

There are many details we could fill in, for alot happened within the 55 minutes that we watched, chased, and listened to it. If you feel that I have left out any information that is pertinent to this sighting, you may contact me at my home, or the other party at his home. I hope this will help you, even if it's the slightest bit.

PHONE
Reynoldsburg
Pataskala

[Handwritten note at bottom of page, partially illegible]
Discussed on phone with Nine D/o
21 Oct 1966 LARR Johns


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

TDET/Maj H Quintanilla, Jr/70916/mbs/23 Nov 66
UFO Sighting, 21 Oct 66, Pataskala, Ohio

NOV 2 8 1966

GOCSG(DO)
Lockbourne AFB, Ohio 43217

1. Reference the attached FTD Form 164 on a UFO sighting made by an unknown on 21 October 1966 which your office forwarded on 7 November 1966. There is no indication that your office attempted an investigation in accordance with AFR 80-17. Essential weather data, etc., was not included.

2. In accordance with paragraph 10, APF 80-17, Investigating officer will make an initial analysis and comment on the possible cause or identity of the stimulus. Therefore, the above UFO report is being returned to your office for re-accomplishment.

FOR THE COMMANDER

Louis Decres, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164, Sighting
21 Oct 66, Pataskala, Ohio

COORDINATION:

TDET/MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR                   DATE 24 NOV 66
TDET                                         DATE 23 NOV 66


- page 4 -

TO: AFSG (FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

REMARKS:
This event was discussed at length over the telephone until the spring lay. The was nearly quite an awful one amid.

FROM: 840CSG(DO)
Lockbourne AFB, Ohio 43217

DATE: 7 Nov 66

DD FORM 95, 1 OCT 60 (Replaces DD Form 43, 1 Feb 50, which may be used until exhausted)


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?    21    10    66
                                   Day   Month  Year

2. Time of day:    9    35
                  Hour  Minutes
(Circle One):  A.M. or  P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   Pataskala    Pataskala    Licking
   Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    55
                                 Hours  Minutes  Seconds
(Circle One): a. Certain   b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?  Wristwatch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?  Yes    No X but continually

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY                NIGHT
   a. Bright          a. Bright
   b. Cloudy          b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 6 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light when first spotted
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Looked like a pink streetlight
Really, There is no comparison would if it were in the sky

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other: [blank lines]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker? (pink light blinked)
h. Disappear and reappear? (gave impression of disappearing for only a few seconds)

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know are marked for each question]

Page 2


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
YES It did not fade away or rush away, it appeared to just vanish.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: NOT a cloud. It moved behind such things as trees, and at one time, a telephone post.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: Not a cloud. Trees, telephone post and wires. Never in front of the moon that we can remember

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - like the "wind in a cave"; very smooth, no breaks in tempo of the "whirr" or of the "whirr" sound
b. Color - dark, brownish, metallic with anything ever heard before.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
We watched this object for one hour, almost. It was very close to us at one time, and then fairly far away. When it was closest to us a match head wouldn't begin to cover any area of it. When it was the farthest from us, a match head would possibly cover about 1/2 of it.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with annotations:]
small lights were different colors (red, green, blue, white, pink, yellow)
moving in this direction when passing us
headlight
It gave the impression of being hundreds of feet in diameter!
pink light was blinking constantly


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   from completely still to what
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?   seemed like fantastic speeds

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?   Various distances within
(Circle One)   Yes   No   the 55 minutes from fairly far away
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   to about 1000 ft. away. Always
clearly visible when in sight.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?   23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building   a. In the business section of a city?
b. In a car   b. In the residential section of a city?
c. Outdoors   c. In open countryside? mostly this
d. In an airplane (type)   d. Near an airfield?
e. At sea   e. Flying over a city?
f. Other   f. Flying over open country?
    g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)   ALL directions
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________miles per hour. from stopped up to about
80 M. P. Hr.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other   Naked eye

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Two good-sized dinner plates and one shallow bowl placed on top of these dinner plates, the bowl being about 1/2 the size of the dinner plates.


- page 9 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
The object went every direction possible within the 55 minutes

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? no
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Page 5


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location:
no

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Pataskala, Ohio 43062

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                   Reynoldsburg,           Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER          AGE 19 yrs. SEX   F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

I have flown in a plane before, I am very familiar with helicopters, jets, airplanes, blimps, small aircraft (propeller planes, for example.)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
21      10      66
Day     Month   Year


- page 11 -

