PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE / TIME GROUP
14 Oct 66     15/0115Z

2. LOCATION
Boliver, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
25 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Varied

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
(othere) INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE

FORM
FTDTD SCP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

FTD (TDSIR)-M
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
18 October 1966

Boliver, Ohio 44612

Dear Mrs.

Reference your unidentified observation of 14 October 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient for
evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164
and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the
Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):    8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                     a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                    b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                     c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember           d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):           WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                a. Dry
    b. Hazy                     b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds         c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds    d. Snow
                                e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                    d. As a light
    b. Transparent              e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

    Handwritten notes: White lights along bottom then faded blaze later

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                 c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                   d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
    Handwritten note: Brighter than a plane

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred         c. Other: Cone shaped
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?     Yes   No   Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes   No   Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?        Yes   No   Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                        Yes   No   Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                     Yes   No   Don't know
    f. Change shape?                          Yes   No   Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                      Yes   No   Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                Yes   No   Don't know

    Handwritten notes at bottom: Moved about faintly it


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
14   Oct   66
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 8:15-20 PM
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Lincoln East Center
Nearest Postal Address           City or Town       State or County
                                                    Ohio

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                                 25
                Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Watched

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                              NIGHT
a. Bright                        a. Bright
b. Cloudy                        b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FORM


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theololite   Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, presumably

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: Trees

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: Clouds object was approaching several

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Nine
b. Color white & then red & blue (Hitos(s))

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME                 BOLIVER           OHIO
ADDRESS              City              Zone        State 44612
TELEPHONE NUMBER     AGE 26   SEX F    Center       Number

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I was calling long dis.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    Day         Month         Year


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document also contains a compass rose and a curved line with angle measurements from 0° to 90°, with a stylized human figure and landscape in the foreground.


- page 8 -

