PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
25 Mar 66 26/0130Z

2. LOCATION
Pine Bluff, Arkansas

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Probable SATELLITE

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was brighter than a full moon. Would dim then brighten. Object was traveling due east. Seemed to see a red light blink on and off occasionally. Observer stated that the object traveled about the speed of a plane but was very close to the ground. Several times the object appeared to stand still then move on. Looked like a plane except that the light was very brilliant.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Due East

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

2 Witnesses

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Pine Bluff, Arkansas
26 March 1966

The Department of Defense
Washington, D. C.

Gentlemen:

After reading the attached and having witnessed only last night a strange object in the sky, which I will explain, I am wondering if an intensive investigation would reveal the true identity of these objects, which I am sure are not hatched up stories, as is indicated by the attached clippings; or something college boys devise.

I am an employee of the Federal Government in an important defense plant since 1942. I have never seen or looked for one of these objects. I have heard and read so much about what I last night witnessed, which is one of the strangest sights I have ever seen and only strange because of the size and the silence of the object, as well as the brilliance.

I was on my way to McGehee, Arkansas, a town 53 miles south of Pine Bluff. At exactly 7:30 this object appeared overhead, having come from behind me. At this time I had gone thru McGehee and was traveling due east and the object traveled due east ahead of me. At first I thought it was an airliner on fire, completely engulfed in fire. This light of this object however was the color of a bright moon (there was no moon whatsoever last night). The object was many times larger than a bright full moon as we see it; the light would fade dimmer at times then fully bright, fading to a hazy look at the outer fringes. The object did appear to be a round or perfect shape, rather like a floating cloud or smoke except for the brilliance of the object. I stopped and got out of my car to see if I could hear any sound. There was no sound whatsoever. One light on certain automobiles having the perfectly large round tail or brake lights, I got back in my car and drove some 10 or 12 blocks and turned into the yard of the home of Mrs. Helen Ballowe, blowing my horn constantly to attract her to the yard where together we watched this strange object for seemingly 10 or more minutes, still flying due east. As far as it was visible the brilliance did not change, except for fading at times, apparently standing still at times and the red signal light could be seen traveling on at times. The object traveled at about the same speed of any plane tho it was close to the earth, very close.

The explanation of these flying objects in the attached clipping by the Astronomer is an insult to honest people. What I saw last night wasn't swamp gas, prank by college students, flares or an illusion. It was a mechanical vehicle of some sort and flying at the speed of an air plane. It occurred to me that if Airports along the route this object was travelling could have been notified or maybe Air Force Bases notified, the object might have been intercepted.

The Michigan story may have been a hoax by boys using flares, but what I saw last night over this quiet country town wasn't any hoax. Only a few nights ago two teen age girls came to the door of a friend (also an employee of the Federal Government) and asked someone to come outside and look at an object so big and bright flying over Pine Bluff; that it was the strangest object they had ever seen. Their request was not granted. The flying saucer story has grown old; they had to see until last night.

The only difference between this object I witnessed and an airliner was the brilliance of the element as the object traveled, the silence and the fact the red large signal light could be seen flashing on and off. There was no mysterious maneuvering.

Satellite


- page 2 -

no multi-color appearance; no streaking, blinking, winking, zooming or otherwise circus acts as is indicated in the attached clipping. As stated the strange and unusual difference between this and other planes was the brilliant light, its silence and the closeness to the earth. The fact several times this object appeared perfectly still. The red signal was proof this thing was some sort of man made mechanical flying vehicle or plane of some sort.

This report of the object I witnessed is for what it may be worth in the interest of our government.

Sincerely,

3301 Poplar Street

(Mrs) Thelma W. Durham


- page 3 -

Air Force Expert
'Identifies' UFO's
Times-Post News Service
(Washington Post)

WASHINGTON — Michigan's much-publicized and nightly unidentified flying objects have been identified. They turn out to be will o' the wisps; college-boy pranks and the moon in March.

This is the official explanation by Air Force experts who investigated reports of the colorful, glowing, flying, zooming, winking, awesome, blinking, streaking, bowering objects that have captured southern Michigan's imagination.

Meanwhile, back in Washington, Representative Gerald R. Ford of Michigan said it would be "a very wholesome thing" for Congress to investigate unidentified flying objects. Such an investigation would make the American people "feel better," he said.

Identification of Michigan's strange objects came yesterday at a formal press conference in Detroit. J. Allen Hynek, an astronomer and an Air Force consultant on identifying unidentified flying objects, categorized the heretofore mysterious sightings this way:

— "The sincere and honest" reports of unidentified flying objects by young ladies at Hillsdale College, it has been determined, came after "certain young men have played pranks with flares."

— A second sighting, widely distributed as photographic evidence, turns out to a time exposure of the rising crescent moon and the planet Venus.

— A majority of the other observations — reported to be silent, multicolored glowing objects hovering just above the ground — appears to be an "unusual and puzzling display" of luminous swamp gas, which is also responsible for the will o' the wisps seen in marshes.

Hynek said there was no ready explanation for how swamp gas glow really works.


- page 4 -

