There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a Project 10073 record with details about an observation that took place on July 17, 1966 in Belleville, Illinois.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 17 July 66  18/03002
2. LOCATION: Belleville, Illinois
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: SW
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (SPICA & DENEBOLA)

The document describes that the observer noted two stationary objects in the southwestern sky that did not travel in any direction during the observation. The objects had red and blue lights shining bright and dim, and were approximately 24" wide and about one mile apart. The objects were observed for approximately 30 minutes before the observers left the area.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a letter. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

OCT 27 1966

Dear Mr. ______________,

The information which you provided in your letter of August 1 is insufficient to determine what you observed. Request you complete the attached PTD Form 16K to aid in evaluating this report of information. Crutchfield, Secretary of the Air Force, The Pentagon, Washington, D. C. 20330.

In submitting your plan to guide airplanes to the National Academy of Science to National Security Council. Washington, D. C. 20528. This office, on national level, has the responsibility for evaluating new unconventional proposals and inventions.

Thank you for your letter; I hope you will find the above information helpful.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Atch
PTD 16K

Mr. ________________
Belleville, Illinois 62221

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire.

NO CASE 

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR 
Page 1

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information obtained will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information to assure the validity of the reports.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 
3. Time Zone: 
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds
6. Condition of sky when object was first sighted:
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun located as you looked at the object?

FTC Form 164 This form supersedes FTD 164 Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form titled "FORCE UFO FORM" that is used to document information related to a UFO sighting.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

1. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
   A1. Stars (Circle One): a. None, b. Fewer, c. Same, d. More
   A2. Moon (Circle One): a. None, b. Dimmer, c. Same, d. Brighter

2. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
   (Circle One): a. Clear, b. Haze, c. Scattered clouds, d. Overcast, e. Fog

3. The object appeared: (Circle One)
   a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Don't remember

4. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
   a. Brighter, b. About the same, c. Dimmer, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: handwritten text

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Blurred, b. Sharply outlined, c. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
    (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still or move slowly?  Yes / No / Don't know
    b. Break up into parts or explode?  Yes / No / Don't know
    c. Change shape?  Yes / No / Don't know
    d. Flash or flicker?  Yes / No / Don't know

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, likely from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

Official U.S. Air Force
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) YES NO Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
16. Did the object move in front of anything at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) YES NO Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound _____________
b. Color ______________
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold or match a stick at arm's length in line with the object and measure how much of the stick's length it covers. If you have performed this measurement, give the fraction of the stick's length covered by the object.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can recall, such as wings, tail, color, and other distinguishing features. Please do not mark or alter the drawing.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a UFO report form from Project Blue Book. The form appears to be a questionnaire with various multiple-choice and free-response questions about a UFO sighting.

UFO form continued
23. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)
Slow Medium Fast
If you answered YES, then how fast would you say it was?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)
Yes No 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where was the object first observed? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the business section of a city?
d. In open countryside?
e. Over an airfield? 
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
2.4 1. What direction were you traveling?
2.4 2. North South East West

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No 
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Rearview mirror Yes No

26. In order that you can give an exact picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or animal (which, when pointed up to the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw).
It looked like a star but a little brighter

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. 1. If your answer to 30 is YES, did the object reappear? (Circle One)       Yes  /  No

31. 2. Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:   FIRST M.  LAST
ADDRESS: RUSH 22 ST.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: AREA 22 SEX M

I have not seen any UFOs, so I have no information to report. My last encounter with UFOs or related phenomena was that I have never encountered any.
30. T
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? DAY DATE MONTH YEAR

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a sketch or diagram depicting a UFO sighting. The sketch includes a compass-like diagram and instructions for the observer to mark the position and movement of the object observed. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

The text in the document reads as follows:

Official U.S. Air Force

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object appeared above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" or "C" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Describe what you saw and how they were moving, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document, likely from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's investigation into unidentified flying objects.

Text extracted from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
5 day 21 month 66 year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative supplement of your sighting.

Dear Sir, I am sorry about the letter I wrote but little did I realize the U.S.O. was just trying to gather information about a sighting. I will never tell anyone about a sighting I did and if I did I would not remember it very well trying to go by memory. To get information might be embarrassing and I would not want to bother the U.S.O. Again I am sorry for the letter.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s.

The text on the page reads:

UFO form continued

Page 8

3. I seen more than one UFO
and may be the information
to some information that is
new to some who be able
to give this new information.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an official U.S. Air Force technical information form, likely from Project Blue Book, which collected reports of unidentified aerial phenomena (UFOs).

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output of the text in the document:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared as an aid to the U.S. Air Force in obtaining as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer, as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any future investigation or analysis that may be made of your report, and the inclusion of your name at the top of this form does not necessarily imply any conclusions, or implications without your permission. We request this personal information as it may be needed for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 8/6/66
2. Time of day: 11:30 Minutes
3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) x 1. Eastern
2. Central
3. Mountain
4. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object?

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Hours Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Clear b. Cloudy x c. Partly Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you
b. To your left
c. To your right
d. Don't remember

FID OCT 22 1964 This form supersedes FTD 164 Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document or questionnaire regarding a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name or address will not be used in connection with this information unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 7/8/66
2. Time of day: 10:00 P.M.
3. Time Zone: Central
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Belleville, Illinois
5. How long was object in sight? (Total duration) 20 minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? My watch was consulted
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT, Partly Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): Left, Front of you, To your right, Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a form titled "FORCE UFO FORM" used to gather information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

FORCE UFO FORM
8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 MOON (Circle One) NEW  Crescent  Half  FULL  Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One) CLEAR  Partly cloudy  Hazy  Thick or heavy clouds 
WIND (Circle One) None  Light  Moderate  Strong  Don't remember
VISIBILITY (Circle One) Excellent  Good  Fair  Poor  Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
Solid  Transparent  Vapor  Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
Brighter  About the same  Dimmer

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
Fuzzy or blurred  Sharply defined  Other  Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?  Yes  No  Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and slow down?  Yes  No  Don't know
c. Give off smoke?  Yes  No  Don't know
d. Change brightness?  Yes  No  Don't know
e. Flash or flicker?  Yes  No  Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear?  Yes  No  Don't know

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be an official U.S. Air Force document or report form related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

OCR TEXT:

Official U.S. Air Force

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES ____, NO _07_

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)
Yes, No, Don't know.  

If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. About how long did you observe the object?
(Circle One)
A few seconds, A minute or two, Several minutes, Longer than that. Don't know.

If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ____________
b. Color ____________

18. Was the object in sight continuously, or did it go in and out of sight? 
If it went out of sight, why?
(Explaisn fully)

It went completely out of sight fairly quickly, and has not been observed since, though a local sighting was made a fourth mile away about the same time as this observation.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, appendages, etc., and especially exhaust trail or vapor trails. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was moving.

[Hand-drawn sketch and notes]

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of it_object? (Circle One) Yes No 
If your answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away the object was from you? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away (in miles) would you say it was? 1.5 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country? d. In open country/pasture? e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country? d. In open country/pasture? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1. What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. East b. North c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Northwest g. Southeast h. Southwest
24.2. How fast were you moving? 50 miles per hour
24.3. Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Windows glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No 
f. Other. Aeroplane [sic] 

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the common object or art of it.
UFO other other object

- page 15 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book. The page contains a diagram and some text, but no photograph. 

The text in the image is as follows:

Official U.S. Air Force

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object or objects are above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the objects.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

NOT SURE

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date, time and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 	Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)	Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
and bis mother

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. Where and when did you observe the object?
did oc Oberst 196

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an Air Force report form, likely part of Project Blue Book, which was the official program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs) by the United States Air Force.

The text on the form reads:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 25 FEB 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

My people did not believe that I saw the officialand that i did not report it

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" which is used by the U.S. Air Force to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been designed to obtain as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide may play an important role in the investigation of this phenomenon.

1. When did you see the object? July 1966
2. Time at day: 5:00 - 5:30 (Circle One)   a.m. or p.m.
3. Time Zones: (Circle One) 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Logan Airport, Louisiana.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) One hour Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was motion in sight determined? Clock watching of a stopwatch.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes or no
6. What was the condition of the sky? Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Overhead

FTD FORM 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 81, which is obsolete.

- page 19 -

The image contains a UFO report form with various questions and checkboxes for the observer to fill out. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 5
9. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Stars obscured
b. Stars visible
c. Moon obscured
d. Moon visible
10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Round
b. Oval
c. Cigar-shaped 
d. Transparent
e. don't remember
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One) Brighter the same Dimmer Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
A dull orange light bulb 
12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) Sharply outlined Fuzzy or blurred Don't remember Other: 
13. Did the object:
a. Remain in fixed position at all any time?
b. Hover?
c. Move slowly?
d. Move rapidly?
e. Break up into parts or explode?
f. Give off trail or smoke? 
g. Change brightness?
h. Flash or flicker?
i. Disappear and reappear?

- page 20 -

The image appears to contain a form or questionnaire from the U.S. Air Force regarding a reported UFO sighting. While there is no photograph present in this particular image, the form includes a section where the witness is instructed to "Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects" and provide details about the sighting.

Text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? We chased the object. The object was circular like a balloon and seemed to slow up suddenly and then disappeared rapidly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One:) Yes © Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes © Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound a none b. Size small c. Shape circular balloon d. Color white, bright silver

18. How regularly shaped was the object? Would it be described as:
a. Approximately circular b. Approximately rectangular c. Other (describe)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object: direction of movement, color, number of appendages, etc. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was moving.

The witness has drawn a sketch depicting a circular or balloon-shaped object with an arrow indicating its direction of movement. The text below the sketch identifies the witnesses as Orville Bridge and Sabine River.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a UFO form that continues onto this page.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Over 1,000 M.P.H.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Over 3 mile west

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. At my home
d. On an airplane (type)
e. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you traveling? (Circle One) North South East West
24.2 How fast were you moving? 60
24.3 Did you slow down any time while looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Binoculars Yes No
c. Telescope Yes No
d. Windshield glass Yes No
e. Other

26. Please use the space below to provide any additional information that you feel will help describe the object you saw and your observations. Use extra pages if needed.
The object was about 25 to 30 feet in diameter, had a fluorescent glow, and appeared to pulsate. It had a blue-green color with a white light in the center which extended from the top to the bottom of the craft. The object made no sound and moved very swiftly over the horizon and then disappeared. It had a smooth, metallic surface.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project blue book report or document, likely from the 1960s based on the filename.

The text on the page is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright, moonlight
b. Dull, moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Compare brightness to some common object

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other _________________

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or change course at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Stop and then start again? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke or exhaust? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 23 -

The image appears to show a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a sketch or diagram with instructions for visualizing the motion of an unidentified object. There is also a section for answering questions about the object's behavior and direction of travel.

Text output from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the line to show how high the object appeared when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the line to show how high the object appeared when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the sketch to show where the horizon (sky and earth) was when you first saw the object. Place an "Y" on the sketch to show where the horizon was when you last saw the object.

60°
45° 
30°
15°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and indicate any changes in direction during the course.

Texas Highway 7 

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?___ 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and tell an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

UFO form continued

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
Since I have a clear recollection about the incident, I feel that it was very likely this was the same or a similar type of object that I have observed on two previous occasions several years ago.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Torz Collins 

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Torz Collins
LAST NAME: Collins
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted] 
AGE: 24
SEX: male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
College student at SIU with a B average, very interested in astronomy, observing stars, etc. Other hobbies include photography and electronics. Creation of an unusual account.

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
The incident was reported at the time it occurred to the police dept., air force, and newspaper. This was done in the interest of sharing the information with the proper authorities in case it was of any significance.

- page 25 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

4. Date you completed this questionnaire:
5 Feb 1967

5. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or narrative description of your sighting: 

My wife and I sighted this "bulb" about the size of a basketball across the Bixby River. We watched it ascend and then proceed across the Bixby River bridge, at about treetop level, until it reached Banquin, Texas and then no further. We could see through it, a bright light inside, and it moved in an easterly direction at a very rapid pace. We were returning home to Timpson, Texas and the object first appeared while we were on the Lone Pine highway, close to the Timpson-Belleville road. We could see it complete the journey across the bridge and almost 9 miles further until it disappeared in the direction of Banquin, Texas. This happened about 5:25 p.m. on 5 Feb 1967.

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will produce the following output:

UFO form continued

... the witness reports the last Ts of my name as 7 years old. This was rented to this youngster in the home, but my friend's name ...

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a form titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report document. As an OCR system, I will proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any information that you provide, unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
July 4, 1966
Hour:  10:30  Minutes: 30  A.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One) 1. Eastern
2. Central
3. Mountain 
4. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Near the Beach, Anne Arundel, Maryland

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
25 Hours Minutes Seconds

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Clear  b. Partly Cloudy  c. Overcast

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
a. In Front of you  b. To your left  c. To your right

FORM FTD GETS 164 This form supersedes FTD-GETS-164 Jul 55, which is obsolete.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a UFO report document titled "FORCE UFO FORM" which appears to be a form for reporting UFO sightings. The form contains various questions and checkboxes for describing the details of a UFO sighting.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 3

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
    a. Stars (circle one): a. Bright    b. Hazy    c. None       
    b. Moon: (circle one): a. Full    b. Crescent    c. Dull moonlight    d. No moonlight, pitch dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
   CLOUDS (circle one): a. Clear    b. Hazy    c. Patchy    d. Thick or heavy clouds
   WEATHER (circle one): a. Calm    b. Breezy    c. Windy    d. Rain    e. Snow    f. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
    a. Solid    b. Vapor    c. As a light at first, as a star and closer a ball of fire

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
    a. Brighter    b. About the same

11. Compare brightness to some common object:
    A ball or white light as big as a 26" beach ball

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred    b. Very sharp, crisp

13. Did the object:
    (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?    Yes    No    Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and take off rapidly at any time?    Yes    No    Don't know
    c. Abruptly change direction?    Yes    No    Don't know
    d. Change brightness?    Yes    No    Don't know
    e. Split into parts?    Yes    No    Don't know
    f. Disappear and reappear?    Yes    No    Don't know

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an official U.S. Air Force document with a questionnaire about observations of an unidentified object.

Now, acting as an OCR system, I will output all the text found in the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear, while you were watching it? If so, how?
IT WENT VERY HIGH UP IN THE SKY AND DIRECTLY UNDER ANOTHER BALL 
OF LIGHT AND JUST WENT OUT OF SIGHT.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):     Yes     No     Don't know.  
If you answered YES, then tell what.
IN FROMT OF CLOUD

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):     Yes     No     Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what.
IN FROMT OF CLOUD

17. Tell in a few words the following about the object:
a. Sound: 
NO SOUND AT ALL

b. Color:
WITE BALL SHOT

18. We want to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw or picture what you saw. Show the shape of the object or objects, their size, and include in your sketch any details of the object that may help identify what it was. Please sketch the direction the object was moving, if it appeared to be moving.

- page 30 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a printed form or questionnaire related to UFO sightings or observations.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
21. Do you think the object changed its course or speed?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
23. Where was the object in relation to your position?
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
26. In order that you can give us a clearer picture of what you saw, please give in your own words a concise object or subject which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 31 -

The image contains a sketch showing an object or objects above the horizon. The sketch includes instructions for the viewer to draw an "A" and a "B" on the curved lines to indicate the height and direction of the object(s). There is also a compass rose diagram and instructions for drawing a picture that would show the motion of the object(s).

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object appears above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you lost sight of it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same compass when you lost sight of it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the subject or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and you can describe to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a form titled "UFO form continued".

OCR output:

UFO form continued

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
Yes x No ___ Same area but 1/3 different part of sky.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
(I am not sure if they wish me to put their names)
Mr. *****, ***, Edgewater, Maryland
Mrs. *****, ***, Edgewater, Maryland
A Special Officer (From Dennis Dept. service)
About 10 to 15 persons July 4

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: *****, *****, ****** Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS: *****, Edgewater, Maryland City State
TELEPHONE NUMBER: ***-**** AGE: 29 SEX: Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences which may relate to the object you have seen.
I live alone. I have seen objects before and didn't think I was seeing one during the day.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
No one. But other observers said I should make them known.

- page 33 -

The image appears to contain a filled out report form from Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's investigation into unidentified flying objects. There is no photograph present in this image, only text and handwritten responses to the questions on the form.

Using an optical character recognition (OCR) system, the text in the image is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes  No   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Seemed very steady coming of coming & facing object nearly silent
b. Color: Sort of grey with red green & blue lights showing brighter, Dim
 
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? About two inches at arm's length. The total vertical height of the objet appeared to be 200 ft high and about 1 mile apart.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The holes appeared to lights and the object seemed moving at all.

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present in this image from the Project Blue Book report document. The image appears to be a filled-out questionnaire from the U.S. Air Force.

Official U.S. Air Force
34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  Feb 14, 1957
35. Information which your lead pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire are as follows: 
"Last summer, June 1966, my employees down to the beach and had a fireworks display. We saw something in the sky that evening that I thought to be a falling star. After watching it for a few seconds, it began to get brighter and started to move across the sky in a southerly direction and other people stood on a jetty that a wooden plank protruding
into the bay to look at this object (a falling star as I thought). When it got up above the trees, then Mr. D...his wife and two small children saw this object which I thought to be a falling star and they said in the family it turned out to be something travelling very much lower and larger than the typical falling star. It moved in a southeasterly direction at a slow pace and then stopped and hovered for a few minutes and then started again, moving across the sky and going very high into the distance and disappear. There will be 4 of the family to verify this sighting as there will be my wife and when this occurred, we called the officer on the jetty and ask him to see if he could tell us what it was as it left us puzzled. I remarked it was going to report it to the Air Force. Just then he said to look up into the sky and there it was again. This time it stayed in view much longer and the whole family watched it as it just moved along and then disappear in the distance. It was round and glowed and was about ten times the size of a star, moving under it's own power and very high under another ball of light. It also went downwind and could not see it again."

Officer Dennis Leckrone Agency, Serveena Park, Maryland

- page 35 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph or visual elements. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document, with text only.

UFO form continued
Page 9 
August 10, 1966
There were about two or us as we watch the place at nite. we was waiting for my boy to come home from a date and I was waiting for my husband to come home. about 12:25 our boy walked in the lights thing was about 15 to 20 minutes. It wasn't a plane. it was round in shape and was not blinking and there was just one light this person first move and signaled as to see what it was. we will and watched it but we thought it was a plane like I said. it couldn't be an Illinois plane and works at Lee's Airport.
I have seen more but no one would even know they are not there if they haven't had some sighting. I have had.

- page 36 -

Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document or report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Belleville, Illinois
March 29, 1967

Gentlemen:

The following is a report of a UFO sighting on March 29, 1967 at approximately 6:30 PM. The object was first observed as a bright light at a high altitude, approximately 70-80 degrees above the horizon in the south. It appeared to be hovering and then moved in an easterly direction at a high rate of speed, disappearing from view in approximately 2-3 minutes. The object was observed by two individuals who were in the yard at the time. They described the object as being round in shape, approximately the size of a softball or larger, and emitting a bright light which appeared to pulsate at times. No sound was observed. Visibility was excellent at the time of the sighting.

Respectfully, I authorized the above information. It may be of interest to your organization and I shall be happy to provide any additional details if required.

- page 37 -

The image appears to contain handwritten text and a simple diagram, but no photograph. The handwritten text describes an object or sighting, but does not identify any individuals. The diagram shows a simple shape that may represent an aircraft or unidentified flying object.

Text from the image:

"Because of the object I saw last night, I do not want my name."
"Yours truly"

- page 38 -

The image does not contain a photograph. The text in the document is as follows:

No one info only
Case to: all to investigate
Proposed reply to letter from ************ 29 March 1967

Dear Mr. ************,

Reference your recent letter concerning your observation of an unidentified flying object on 6 July 1966. Since you have just reported this incident it is considered too late to be of much use. Investigation is not possible. If you had reported your observation to the Air Force shortly after 6 July, a meaningful scientific investigation would have been possible. The report will be filed for information purposes only.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

J. Sofaer - 1 May 67

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typewritten document from the Department of the Air Force, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (AFCS)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDX

SUBJECT: SDO Report

TO: TDES (Maj Quintanilla)

The attached report by the Staff Duty Officer on 13 July 1966 is forwarded for whatever action you deem necessary.

HARRY L. BOOT, Major, USAF
Director of Administrative Services

- page 40 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document from Project Blue Book, an official United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

The text in the document is as follows:

Stele
Mr.
On June 26, 1966, at 9:30 P.M., I observed a bright light in the sky emitting a very bright orange-red beam toward the ground. The object was descending at a 45 degree angle and was approximately one quarter mile away. It was a round, flat object appearing to be about 25-30 feet in diameter, hovering approximately 150 feet above the ground. The object remained stationary for about 5 minutes, then the orange-red beam was turned off and the object moved off to the east at a high rate of speed. The object made no sound and there were no blinking lights.
I have been in the U.S. Air Force for 18 years as an air policeman, and I am quite familiar with aircraft. This object was not an airplane, helicopter, or any known aircraft. I am convinced that what I observed was a UFO.

- page 41 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

FTD (IDTBR) WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

Canton, Ohio 
Mr. 
Reference your call to wright-patterson AFB, Ohio on 13 July 1966.

The Air Force is interested in analyzing the object which allegedly appeared in the sky near Belleville, Illinois on 13 July 1966.

If possible, please ask Mr. if he could identify the object, for example, as a conventional aircraft, balloon, etc. Also, if he has any photographs or motion pictures of the object, the Air Force would be most interested in examining them.

The Air Force would also appreciate any other information Mr.  could provide concerning this incident.

Please advise Mr.  that the Air Force is most interested in obtaining any evidence he may have concerning this sighting, and will reimburse him for any expenses incurred in forwarding such evidence.

PAUL DOLL, CAPT, USAF

- page 42 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph, but rather an official U.S. Air Force document titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR". This document appears to be a form used for reporting unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings as part of Project Blue Book, a historical UFO investigation program.

OCR text output:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding any unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed.

Please fill out this form as completely as possible. The more complete the information, the better the Air Force can analyze the sighting. We request that you not be used in connection with any writings, since the reason for the investigation is to determine if the sighting has any intelligence value. We suggest that you not discuss the sighting with anyone other than the investigating officer, since premature discussion may lead to reactions that could influence the basic facts of the sighting.

1. Name of observer (optional)            TALLIEU
2. Time of sighting (Circle One)          6:20     
                                          A. M.
3. Location (City and State)              CAHOKIA, ILLINOIS
4. Occupation                            CITY POLICE OFFICER
5. Have you made a similar report before? (Yes or No)
                                        NO
6. Describe the object(s) seen:
   a. Number of objects                  1
   b. Size of object(s)                  ROUND, 60 FT. DIAMETER 
   c. Shape of object(s)                 ROUND, DISC SHAPED
   d. Color of object(s)                 BRIGHT SILVER, METALLIC
   e. Brightness (in relation to the sun, moon, other lights)
                                        VERY BRIGHT
   f. Sound                              NO SOUND
   g. Did the object(s) seem to be
      attached to or suspended from      LOW HOVERING
      anything?
7. If you saw the object(s) during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)    1. In front of you      2. To your left      3. Behind you      4. To your right

- page 43 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a "FORCE UFO FORM" document with a series of questions and checkboxes for the observer to fill out.

FORCE UFO FORM

6. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

a. STARS (Circle One): 1. Brighter 2. Dimmer 3. No change
b. MOON (Circle One): 4. Brighter 5. Dimmer 6. No change
7. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CIRCLE ONE: a. Clear b. Hazy c. Partly cloudy d. Overcast e. Light rain f. Heavy rain g. Snow h. Fog i. Don't remember

10. The object appeared to be traveling:

a. Rapidly b. Slowly c. Hovering d. Erratic e. Don't remember

11. It appeared to be LARGER than the brightest stars:

a. Brighter b. About the same c. Dimmer d. Don't know

12. The shape of the object was:

a. Round b. Oval c. Rectangular d. Other

13. Did the object:

a. Appear to stand still or move slowly c. Yes d. No e. Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? c. Yes d. No e. Don't know

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, consisting of a questionnaire with various questions about a sighting of an unidentified object. 

Here is the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?  
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Epatiiy I -mil/e

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Epatiiy i -mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One) a. In the business section of a city?
a. Inside a building b. In the residential section of a city?
b. In a car c. In open countryside?
c. Outdoors d. Near on airfield? 
d. In an airplane (type) e. Flying over a city? 
e. At sea f. Flying over open country?
f. Other g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No) e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes (No) g. Theodolite Maked, Eyen
d. Window glass Yes (No) h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Two cone-shaped galione about 24x18" with red & blue a spire lights going little a tint on a char moonless 
mile.

- page 45 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which contains a form for reporting unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings. There is no photograph or image of a UFO included on this particular page. The text on the form asks various questions about the sighting, such as whether the object disappeared or moved behind something, and whether it appeared in front of or behind something. The form also asks the witness to provide a written description of the object and its behavior.

OCR Output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Disappeared over and moved out of sight.

15. Did the object move behind something, or anything, particularly a cloud?
Were circum-stances.
No Clouds (__) If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something, or anything, particularly a cloud?
Were circumstances.
No Clouds (__) If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell us the following things about the object:
a. Shape Appeared ovaloid.
b. Size about 35 feet in diameter.
c. Color Metallic gray or silver.  
d. Brightness About as bright as a piece of aluminium.
e. Sound None Heard.
f. Time of observation About 10 minutes.
g. Number of objects 1.

18. We would like to follow the movement of the object at the time of sighting which is in line with the known object and there how much of the object was visible and discernible at the line of the sighting. How much of the object was seen, and for how long, before it disappeared or was obscured by the bushes?
About 10 minutes.

19. If a picture could be taken that would show the shape of the object or objects, locatio, and specifically include details or or the object, as seen by yourself, please do so and return this form immediately. Please do arrive to return the drawing.

- page 46 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a UFO report form with various questions and fields to be filled out.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what would your estimate be? 2 thousand m.p.h.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5000'
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. In a building b. Outdoors c. In an automobile d. Other
23. What were you doing when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. At work b. At home c. On vacation d. Other
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: [Filled in responses]
25. Did you observe any of the following? [Checkboxes filled out]
26. In order to better describe a picture of the object, please draw what you saw on the back of this form, or if you have a picture, please attach it to this form.
[Signature at the bottom]

- page 47 -

The image appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document. It contains a diagram with a horizon line and a radar-like circular grid. There are also text instructions on the page, but no identifiable human faces are present.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "x" on the sketch line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it, and place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. This picture will show the motion and direction of the object made. Place an "x" at the beginning of the path, and an "A" at the end of the path to show the direction of travel.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Write the number in the space below, and place an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a filled-out questionnaire or form related to a reported UFO sighting.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location. NO
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31a. If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME  
ADDRESS  TOLEDO BO 44 OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER 24 5-1211
IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS: Please do not put your name or any special identification, which might be presuming, on this form.
33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object? AUGUST 1965 AUGUST 1965

- page 49 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It contains a blank space at the bottom, indicating that there is no photograph present on this page. 

The text on the image reads:

Official U.S. Air Force

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 17 FEBRUARY 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent (and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or narrative explanation of your sighting).

- page 50 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

DATE LOCATION EVALUATION
18 Lebanon, Oregon Civilian, Military
19 Dayton, Ohio Astro
19 Aberdeen, South Dakota Astro (CAPELLA)
19-20 Dayton, Ohio Insufficient Data
19 Houston, Texas Aircraft
20 San Pablo Heights, California Aircraft
20 Houston, Texas Insufficient Data
20 Rossville, Illinois, Alaska Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
21 Middleboro, Massachusetts Insufficient Data
21 Washington, D.C. Astro (MOON)
21 Tess - Morrison, Canada Satellite
21 Frankfort, Illinois Balloon
21 Uniontown, Pennsylvania Insufficient Data
21 Rosoma, Pennsylvania Aircraft
23 Sumter, South Carolina Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
24 Norwalk, Ohio Astro (SATELLITE)
24-25 Farmville, Virginia Aircraft
25 Parkersburg, West Virginia Insufficient Data
25-31 Puyallup, Oregon Insufficient Data
27-29 Atlanta, Georgia Astro 
28 Maryville, Tennessee Aircraft
29 Harlingen, Texas Aircraft
29-30 Canaan, Ohio Astro (PLANETS)
30 Ashland, Oregon Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
31 Redding, California Astro (MOON)
31 Haddonfield, West Virginia Multiple (MILITARY)

DATE LOCATION ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
6 Marion, Indiana
12-20 Topeka, Kansas
23-30 Kennedy, Pennsylvania
26 Mentor, Ohio
27 Canada
33 Tyler, Texas
33 Thornhill, Ontario, Canada

- page 51 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with various diagrams and instructions for observers.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? -2-
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

they weren't traveling in any direction at all, we were watching them just hover there.

- page 52 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. 

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
I have seen a very cigar shaped object just emerging from behind some bushes about 50 yards away. It was about 40' long and 15' in diameter of shiny metallic appearance. It appeared and then just as quickly disappeared. It was quite a large object. I have never seen any things like it before.
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) (YES) No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Belleville, ill

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS Belleville, Illinois
TELEPHONE NUMBER 
Age 42 SEX Male
I am always on the lookout for clues of strange aircraft. As a man of practical experience I know how they are powered, by electricity with lightning at the core. The only thing I wish I could understand more is what might be the purposes.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? I didn't tell anyone I saw this unusual sighting more than a little while ago.

- page 53 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document that appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report. The text in the document appears to be a response to a questionnaire, discussing various aspects related to the reporting of a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3rd May 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: The objects they are most likely powered by a sort of electricity taken from the atmosphere. They probably would use very strong magnetic fields which would be more storage space for such extra atoms atomic energy in some advanced form could provide just that type of power without having to much of a payload. However, if large objects like this came within a thousand feet of us there isn't a weight factor at all. You ask yourself how can these ships stay airborne without using huge amounts of chemical fuel. Probably they create some attractive fields around themselves which partly negate gravitational effects, and then too these fields could have forces of repulsion as well as attraction so that they don't have to fight gravitation all the way. someone probably has the key to this and that's not a good thing.

- page 54 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with a border frame.

Page 8

- page 55 -

