The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the record for an incident that occurred on 16 August 1966 in Lawrenceburg, Indiana.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 16 August 66 19/0230Z
2. LOCATION: Lawrenceburg, Indiana (2 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Optical
7. COURSE: Great-Visual
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (METEOR)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document or questionnaire related to UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about any unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information they you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement you make unless you specifically consent to such use, and that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Aug 8 1966 
Month Year

2. Time of day: 6:30 Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
Lawrenceburg, Indiana

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Seconds Minutes Seconds

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright b. Hazy c. Bright d. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. Behind you b. To your left c. Overhead d. To your right e. In back of you f. Don't remember

FTO DCF 32 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 53, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out by the witness.

The text on the image is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice re: coming the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember 
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Still b. Transparent c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: To a flashlight held at arm's length.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Sharply outlined c. Other d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know ...

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and prompts for the witness to fill out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
--------

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
--------

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
--------

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - 
b. Color - 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
--------

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(Empty circle drawn)

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other 

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES / NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses 
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass
e. Binoculars  
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other _________________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The text instructs the viewer to imagine various scenarios related to the sighting of an unidentified flying object, including the height of the object above the horizon, the direction it was traveling, and whether there were multiple objects. The text also provides instructions for drawing a picture to show the motion of the object or objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how low the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. AUGUST 5, 1966 LAWRENCEBURG, INDIANA

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
LAWRENCE RAUCH AND JANE COUCH LAWRENCEBURG, INDIANA

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] LAWRENCEBURG, INDIANA 47025
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 59 SEX: F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: _______ Month: _______ Year: _______

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 Aug 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your lighting:
The lighting was seen in a certain area. The object moved slowly across the area while illuminating the area. It then disappeared from view.

- page 8 -

