The image does not contain a photograph, only a document from Project Blue Book. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
18/06/55 2230 National City, California (2 witnesses) 
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 4 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE Descending
8. PHOTOS No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers saw a "fast moving, well-defined object of a bright red color", that seemed to be "breaking up rapidly into two bright red broken line-like segments spurting" as it descended.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document page from the Project Blue Book UFO report, specifically regarding an unidentified observation on August 13, 1966 in National City, California.

Here is the text from the document:

PTOP (PETER) 
MCLELLAN-AFPRGR, OHIO 54-33
31 August 1966

National City, California 92050

Dear Sir:

Reference your unidentified observation of 13 August 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTOP form and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an optical character recognition (OCR) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 50342 (19 AUG 66)

(6) SAME AS ITEM ONE
(7) RED TRAIL OF FLAME COMPAIR TO RETO ROCKET TRAIL OF FOUR
RETO ROCKETS
(8) NONE

PAGE 2 RUWH AF 73 UNCLAS
(1) TRAV LING WEST TO NORTH EAST BETWEEN NATIONAL CITY AND
CHULA VIST CALIF APPEARED TO BE DECENDING AND LOOKED LIKE IT
WOULD LAND IN THE DESERT.
A. 19 NIGHT OBSERVATION
(2) UNK
(3) UNK
(4) DECENDING FOR LANDING
(5) UNK
(6) APPROX FOUR MIN
C. 19 GROUND-VISUAL
DGF 8688-8782 19 AUG 66, NIGHT -
E. 1602 NATIONAL AVE NATIONAL CITY, CALIF
F. X
G. 19 XX CLEAR
BT
NNNN

AFHO --- 0-3099C

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

AP IN : 50942 (19 AUG 66) P/MCD
ACTION : REC-4
INFO : 205-1, XOPX-2, SAFOS-3, NIN-7, DIA-1 (19) ADV CY DIA
SMB A1280ZCYB382
PFTU JAW RUEDQA86644 2319J4-UUUU--RUEDHA
DE RUMHAF 73 2318783
ZNR UUUUU
P 196629Z AUG 66 
FM 721 RADAR MT LAGUNA AFS CALIF
TO RUEDQXA/IO USAF C-FND2 WASH DC
INFO RUEDQXA/SECRETARY OF THE AF (SAFOI) LASH DC
RUMFVA/HQ AFC ENT AFB COLO
RUQAGT/4-PATTERSON-DAYTON O  
RUWMSB/WR HAMILTON AFB CALIF
RUWHHAF 27TH ADVIV LUKE AFB ARIZ
BT
UNCLAS 79 1090 317B AUG 66. FOLLOWING REPORT IS SUBMITTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AFR 200-2 PARA 14. BASIC REPORTING DATA AND FORMAT:
(1) SIMILAR TO US MANNED SPACE VEHICLE
(2) SAME AS ABOVE
(3) SILVER WITH BLUE/GREEN IONIZATION TRAIL
(4) ONE
(5) N/A
AFHO --- 0-809C
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a newspaper article from the Evening Tribune titled "Bright Meteor Flashes Over Pennsylvania, Ohio".

NEWS FROM OTHER STATES
Bright Meteor Flashes Over Pennsylvania, Ohio
PITTSBURGH (UPI) - A bright meteor flashing through the sky surprised hundreds of persons in western Pennsylvania and eastern Ohio Tuesday night.
Spokesmen at the Allegheny Observatory said the meteor was at a very low altitude and seemed to be falling at an angle. It glowed brightly red and its trail was visible for four seconds, they said.
Police reported receiving numerous calls from persons reporting the meteor passing.
A police man at Lockbourne Air Force Base near Columbus, Ohio said the meteor could be seen clearly from the base. Observers at the Allegheny Observatory said the meteor appeared in the southern sky, traveled west to east, and disappeared in the east.
The observatory reported the meteor covered an area of more than 150 square miles. It appeared as bright as the full moon.
New Mexico
Capsule recovery personnel at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's White Sands, N.M. station are searching for instruments that were lost during the return of the final two Gemini balloons launched Aug. 7 and the instruments for a backup pilot for the Reassembly Control System.
The capsule landed about 150 miles east of Las Cruces, N.M. The instruments were lost over west Texas.

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire, but it does not contain any photographs. The form is designed to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that individuals have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be used for research purposes. Your identification with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is determined necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Crescent moon
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear or partly clear
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Like lights
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter 
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred 
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (NO) Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up or slow down? Yes (NO) Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? (YES) No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? (YES) No Don't know
e. Change shape? (YES) No Don't know
f. Flish or flicker? (YES) No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? (YES) No Don't know

- page 7 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with handwritten answers.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The written response describes the object disappearing gradually, fading away.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The written response indicates the object moved behind something, and the witness answered "YES" that it did move behind something.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The written response indicates the object moved in front of something, and the witness answered "YES" that it did move in front of something.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - The written response describes the sound as "silent".
b. Color - The written response describes the color as "a large white glowing object".

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The written response provides an estimate of the angular size of the object compared to a match stick.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The image contains a handwritten sketch of the observed object.

The text of the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It faded away gradually, went dim and disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it went behind:
It moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
It moved in front of a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Silent
b. Color a large white glowing object

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The object would have been covered by 1/4 to 1/2 the length of the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The sketch shows a round, glowing white object with an arrow indicating its direction of movement.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with a questionnaire filled out.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes / No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 500-600 miles per hour?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes / No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 180-200 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building / b. In your car / c. Outdoors / d. In an airplane (type) / e. At sea / f. Other _____

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? / b. In the residential section of a city? / c. In a rural area? / d. Near an airfield? / e. Flying over a city? / f. Flying over open country? / g. Other _____

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North / b. East / c. South / d. West / e. Northeast / f. Southeast / g. Southwest / h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES / NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses Yes / No
b. Sun glasses Yes / No
c. Windshield (Yes) / No
d. Window glass No

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when affected up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Tactical note

- page 9 -

The image contains a sketch diagram and instructions, but no photograph. The diagram appears to show an aerial view of an object or objects, with instructions for the viewer to imagine and draw the movement and path of the object(s).

Here is the text found in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline). Place a "B" on the curved line to show the same object when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where the object was when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph or image present in this scanned document page. The document appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting report.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
8/23/66

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
-NAME AND ADDRESS REDACTED-

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME -REDACTED-
ADDRESS -REDACTED STREET, -REDACTED CITY, -REDACTED STATE-
TELEPHONE NUMBER -REDACTED-
AGE -REDACTED- SEX -REDACTED-
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
-LONG HANDWRITTEN RESPONSE REDACTED-

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
8 Day 23 Month 66 Year

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with handwritten text filling most of the page.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 4 day month 66 year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
The night of the incident there was a very strong wind accompanied by heavy dark clouds, and rather cool temperatures. My wife and I were at home watching television around 9:00 PM when suddenly the living room was filled with a bright light. We immediately went to the window to see what was causing the light. Outside we saw a large oblong-shaped object with several lights beneath it, silently hovering and moving in a straight line across the sky from west to east. The object was approximately 100 to 150 feet in diameter and about 50 to 75 feet in height. There were about 5 to 7 amber-colored lights underneath the object, and a whitish center light that appeared to be pulsating. The object made no sound whatsoever and moved at a steady, rapid pace, disappearing from view in about 20 to 30 seconds. It did not appear to gain or lose altitude during this time. The night was very dark, with heavy cloud cover, and the object stood out very prominently against the sky. We both stared in amazement at the thing, unable to comprehend what we were seeing. It was a most unusual and unexplainable sight. We have racked our brains trying to come up with a rational explanation, but can find none. The closest thing I can compare it to would be a giant inverted soup bowl with lights underneath, silently gliding across the sky. It was a most unusual and unexplainable sighting.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a handwritten document or report.

To produce the text from the document, I have transcribed it as follows:

To object a definitely identifiable saucer seemed to appear rapidly as though dropped from about 52 feet directly overhead, stationary at first, then suddenly accelerating rapidly to the north, disappearing from sight in several seconds. The object was observed under good daylight conditions and it was definitely not a balloon, aircraft, or any other natural or man-made phenomena known to this observer. I am firmly convinced that I have observed at first hand a classic example of the type of unidentified flying object commonly referred to as a "flying saucer". I would appreciate any information or explanations available from your organization concerning this sighting. Thank you for your consideration of this report.

- page 13 -

