Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
9 May 1966 10/084332

2. LOCATION
10-20N - 170-52W (Pacific)

3. SOURCE
Military

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Air-Visual

7. COURSE
Not Reported

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
SATELLITE: -- pro. Jgrell.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted round, blue-white colored object. Pilot of aircraft first saw white object which disappeared. No tail or trail was observed.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORTING INSTRUCTIONS

1. Shape and Size of Object:
   ROUND

2. Size (compared to known object):
   BASEBALL - DEFINITELY BIGGER THAN A STAR

3. Color:
   BLUISH WHITE

4. Number:
   1

5. Formation (if more than one):
   -

6. Any discernible parts or details:
   NONE

7. Trail, trail or smoke, including size of same object:
   -

8. Sound:
   NONE

9. Other peculiar or unique features:
   -

10. Description of Course or Behavior:
    When first sighted, the occurrence of object(s) to the disappear(s). Pilot first saw object which appeared to be a satellite which disappeared. This object was first movement of object caught by pilot's eye.

    Observation:
    - 10° above horizon. To rear of aircraft on left side - approximately 8 o'clock.
    - 10° above horizon in front of aircraft - 12 o'clock.

    Level flight

    Dimmed out rapidly

    Approximately 5 sec


- page 2 -

Manner of Observation:

(1) Use one or any combination of the following items:
Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-camera, electronic, specify type of readout:
Air visual

(2) Statement as to optical side (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof:
None

(3) If the sighting occurred while airborne, give type of aircraft, identified location, number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station:
C 135 MAC msn no. PRA 305; 9000'; 075°

(4) Travis, Travis (65 MAS)

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting:
10/0843

(2) Light conditions. (Use one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk):
Night - Very dark - stars very bright

e. Location of Observer: Give exact location wide and latitude of each observer, as given in reports, give a position of reference to a known landmark:
Coplet was sitting in pilot's seat.
Aircraft was at position 20 30 N 176 52W - 1000 mi west Honolulu.

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian-Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.
[blank]

(2) Military-Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability:
WASKIE WIEZ, Thaddeus J. 1st LT, 85 MAS, Travis, Pilot.
Good reliability.

g. Weather and Winds-Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sighting:
(1) Observer(s) account of Weather Conditions:
Scattered clouds below Topping out at 8000'.
Clear above

(2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau office:
[Partially illegible, appears to list wind and surface conditions]
N/A

[Page number "2" is visible at bottom right]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

(3) Ceiling: Clear

(4) Visibility: Unlimited

(5) Amount of Cloud Cover: None above

(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: None

(7) Vertical temperature gradient: —

h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for sightings: None

i. Perception or identification action taken (such action is authorized whenever feasible, and in compliance with existing air defense directives): None

j. Location, approximate altitude and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting: None

k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s): (See para 16 AFR 200-2):

Dir of Intl, 646 MD WG. Based on "level" flight path, time and position of disappearance, it is most of aircraft and before it reached horizon, I would judge this was a low orbit satellite or satellite debris, which was reflecting sunlight until it passed into the earth's shadow. Absence of clouds etc would allow reflection of a high intensity.

l. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: None.

The page is numbered "3" at the bottom right.


- page 4 -

