PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE-TIME GROUP
66 00 23/0500

2. LOCATION
Rocklin, Calif.

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Insufficient data for evaluation

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched an object that compared to a orange street light about two blocks away. As the object came closer a half-moon, small 12 inches in low-like configuration were observed. The object moved and stopped at random-sometimes sliding, much brighter than it had been before. Object was not in view during the entire thirty minutes. It dimmed until hardly visible. No observer could furnish any information on directions. The description is consistent with that of an aircraft. Observation in any way, however, there is not information to reach such a conclusion.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
N/A

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
22   11   66
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: APPROX. 11:50
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
Hour   Minutes

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Loomis                Rocklin                CALIF.
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town        State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)   APPROX. 30
                                    Hours   Minutes   Seconds

   a. Certain             c. Not very sure
   b. Fairly certain      d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?   Estimation
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 64 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
(b.) A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
(a.) Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
(a.) Dry, cold
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
(a.) Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
(a.) Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
2X MAGNITUDE VENUS

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other ALMOST UNSEEN - ESPE-
cially on sides.

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
(Yes)  (No)  Don't know
(Yes)  (No)  Don't know
(Yes)  (No)  Don't know
(Yes)  (No)  Don't know
(Yes)  No    Don't know
(Yes)  No    Don't know
(Yes)  No    Don't know
(Yes)  No    Don't know

Page 2


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
DIMMED UNTIL HARDLY VISIBLE, THEN APPEARED AGAIN AS IT MOVED.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ______

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ______

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound     NONE
b. Color     BRIGHT ORANGE-YELLOW

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
AT CLOSEST POINT: approx. half

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with the notes: "lights were orange" and "edges indistinct"]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   (Yes)   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 80-100mph-- Obj. also slowed until stopped.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   (Yes)   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? APPROX. 1500 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? No.
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No       e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No       f. Telescope       Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No       g. Theodolite      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No       h. Other ____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

At first: a large orange flash, like an orange street light
2 blocks away.
As it came closer: a half-dozen smaller lights in a row-like windows
Object moved and stopped at random- sometimes flashing much brighter than it had been.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   (No )
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS: San Francisco, 94118   Calif.
TELEPHONE NUMBER   AGE 17   SEX   M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
approx. 2   12   66
Day   Month   Year   Project Blue Book
                     Safoi, Wash.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

N.B.: DIRECTIONS UNCERTAIN - WAS WALKING on Rocklin Rd. Towards town.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

B. A. → ← horizon X (began to return)
I stood here

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   (No)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS     San Francisco, 94118     Calif.
             City            Zone        State

TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE   17   SEX   M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
approx. 2     12     66     Project Blue Book
    Day    Month   Year     Safol, Wash.


- page 8 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   12   12   66

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I can't remember anything else. Previous letter sent to you may fill in what I can't remember now.

I hope this information will help you in your studies. Being a seminarian for the Catholic priesthood, any kind of publicity is not appreciated. My parents and my superiors at school would not approve. I would appreciate it if you wouldn't write me further.

If there is something I remember that I haven't mentioned I will write you.

Respectfully,
[Redacted name]


- page 9 -

