The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. There is no photograph included in this image.

PROJECT 10573 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 16 SEP 65 2700002
2. LOCATION: Columbus, Indiana
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (AIRCRAFT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers noticed 5 bright glowing objects traveling toward the east. The objects were compared to five baseballs and having a steady reddish glow. The objects did not make any sound or leave any type of trail.
FTD SEP 63 0-229 (TDE)

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a Memorandum for Director of Legislative Liaison, SAFLS regarding a proposed reply to Columbus, Indiana, who wrote to Colonel Joe C. Hunt about a UFO sighting.

Text Transcription:

MEMORANDUM FOR DIRECTOR OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON, SAFLS 
ATTN: LT COLONEL BIRDETTE V. SWARTZ
SUBJECT: UFO

Attached is a proposed reply to Columbus, Indiana, who wrote to Colonel Joe C. Hunt about a UFO sighting.

GERALD E. JOHNSON
Colonel, USAF
Chief
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

COORDINATED BY: (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date)
SAF-OI CMM 2 Jul 66
Hal Orr, Lt Col, USAF

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text.

Extracting the text from the document:

This is in reply to your report of serial objects which you observed and were unable to identify on the night of April 16, 1966.

I am inclosing a copy of AF Form 164 which is used for this purpose. This form should be completed as fully as possible and returned to the address for evaluation.

BY USAF (SARPIC)
Pentagon, Room MA 120
Washington, D.C. 20330

Your interest in Air Force matters is appreciated.
Sincerely,

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from what looks like a UFO report document. 

The text in the document reads:

Jun 14 66
Dear Sir
I would like to thank you for your letter and the booklet Project Blue Book. I found them very interesting.
At approximately 9:30 April 16, 1966, three friends and I were outside when five objects flew over our heads traveling SW. The objects were easy to see against the sky. They had a white glow and they moved very fast.
Friends:
[Redacted] Ave, Columbus Ind (15)
[Redacted] Ave, Columbus, Ind (15)
[Redacted] 25th Ave Columbus, Ind (14)
Sincerely,
[Redacted]
Columbus, Ind

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, without your permission. We request this personal information as that is necessary for administrative details.
1. When did you see the object? 16 April 1966
2. Time of day: 9:30 Hour 30 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Columbus Avenue, Columbus, Indiana
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 0 Hours 2 Minutes 30 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Slightly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FORM FTD OCT 42 164

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form for the witness to fill out.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight, - a bitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the times you saw the object?  
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vaporous, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember, e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) Answers - Yes, No, Don't know

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The text on the page consists of questions and answers regarding the sighting of a UFO object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: No response provided

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: No response provided

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: More
b. Color: Brilliant, grayish

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? No response provided

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. The image contains a simple sketch with a few oval shapes and arrows.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely from 1966, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

OCR Text:
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   YES   No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   YES   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast    e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?   ___________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   YES   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No
e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

FINE & IMPOSSIBLE

- page 8 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs, but rather schematic diagrams and illustrations. There is a compass rose diagram and a set of circles/ovals that appear to be representing multiple objects.

Here is the text content of the document:

27. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 5
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
All - Columbus Indiana 
Av. Griff

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Indiana State
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 12 SEX Male
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
16 Day April 1966 Year
Parents

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a questionnaire form.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 16 Day - May Month - 1966 Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document related to the United States Air Force's study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP   9/17/1930
2. LOCATION   COLUMBUS, INDIANA
3. SOURCE   CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS   Five
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION   1 MIN
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION   GROUND VISUAL
7. COURSE   
8. PHOTOS   0 Yes
                0 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE   0 Yes
                    0 No
10. CONCLUSION   INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
FTD FORM 329 (TDE) was forwarded to witnesses, however, not returned after 30 days, will be presumed relinquished of received.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Witnesses observed 5 lights in the sky. They were circular, white, and moved very fast. They had a white glow and the movement was very fast.
This is all information available in the letter report.

- page 12 -

