The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
12 March 66 13/0530Z
2. LOCATION
Moultrie, Georgia
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
Stationary
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (MOON)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Two witnesses reported a big red circular object east from Sale City to Moultrie, Georgia. The object was on the west side of the road and seemed to be high, hovering or floating. They revealed that in order for the object to be in sight, must be a great distance away. It seemed to be a great distance toward the north. When first sighted it was very small, but it seemed to be getting larger as it moved toward them. He then said that various lights appeared in front of him and shined lights to the object, and afterwards continued in the same direction. The object apparently had some thought on the object being strange, and stated that he shined the passenger if she had witnessed the same thing, and she had. The moon is approaching them at the FTD line as this case.

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS STRATEGIC AIR COMMAND
OFFUTT AIR FORCE BASE, NEBRASKA 68113 

SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTING

TO: FTD

1. The attached letter was received by DCOI, 484 Bomb Wg, Turner AFB, Georgia, on 28 March 1966. The investigating officer, Major Walter A. Weikel, DCOI, attempted to ascertain the details by followup, but they had then "made a trip to Moultrie, Georgia, in an attempt to interview" the witness.

a. There was no one at home at the listed address, but a neighbor advised that Mr. and Mrs. Murphy and Co. - Personnel of the store were contacted, but they had no knowledge of this incident.

b. The Moultrie Police Department and the Colquitt County Sheriff's Office were contacted, but they had no reports of sightings on that date nor in the recent past.

2. Southern Airways flights were contacted at Moultrie Municipal Airport, but they had no information to add. Their weather for the night in question are as follows:
"12 March, 1950 ICL (closing time of the station), 5000 scattered, visibility, 10 miles, temperature 54, "surface winds 080 degrees at 5 knots.
Undetermined overcast, 8 miles visibility."

3. No further action on this report is planned.

FOR THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF

DONALD C. FORST, Colonel, USAF 
Deputy Chief, Systems Division
Directorate of Intelligence

Peace... is our Profession

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As per the instructions, I will perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document and provide the output.

Dear Capt:
The purpose of this letter is to report an incident that occurred on March 22, 1966, at approximately 10:30 P.M. between Dale City and Medicine Lodge. 
I am writing this letter now at the risk of ridicule, or being called a crackpot. I was not going to report it, because of the fear of ridicule. However, since I know you and have talked to someone of very intellectual people about my experience, I have decided to report it, and to inquire if anyone else has had a similar experience.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely an excerpt from a report or witness account related to a UFO sighting.

Other Than my mother, and myself, that reported a detail, or sight, and of the same following description: I was doing some, etc. Coulee City, when I observed a strange circular motions m an even. It was stationary in the gky, and remained so until after we had observed it a considerable time. It seemed to be at a great distance away. I called my mother's attention to it, and she asked, how long have you seen the moon. I believe it was less than half the size of the moon. It seemed to move up and down in the sky vertical), after remained stationary for some time, it seemed to move away quickly, and within a short time it had quickly disappeared. Only a few moments passed before it was entirely over.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten account. The text describes the witness's observation of a UFO, describing it as "the object and it seemed to be coming right on down into us", and providing details about the size, speed, and movements of the object. The text is written in a cursive style.

The full text of the document is as follows:

The object and it seemed to be coming right on down into us, the object got very bright, my car and jumped on and lit up whatever it was and it moved, also it was about fifty yards in front of all, and approximately fifty feet above the road, it moved very fast, it was like a big car, shaped like, it hitted the top of the trees on the way back into my car and proceeded to go very slowly, it also proceeded forward staying about the same distance from my car, all the way to the farm about ten feet above the ground and then it gradually blackened out.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

I went about 4 mile further and came on again. It was about fifty feet high, and over a hundred feet in front of us, traveling forward the went on a few miles like that. It came back again. It stayed about five miles per hour another car was coming behind me, It slowed about a thousand feet behind me, so evidently the people in that car saw it too. It went away a few saw them.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten report or document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Following is the text transcribed from the document:

Going course. And it seemed brilliantly visible until we got to the edge of town, where the buildings attracted our attention and we got to looking at them, I suggest where the object was. I asked them if they saw anything. But there were buildings on either side of them, and they seemed to think that may another and I were imagining things. If they had any intelligence whatever, they'd know that I imagined nothing at another time.

Well, you people might think that I'm all my rocker, but what I've written here is so true that I, and my mother, would submit it.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document containing text.

a lie detente that is so any? time it a sereum up it was necessary to back up without we have. we just heard on the radio that a ufol was sighted by five thls people in michigan and Indiana. could this be home connection? the individual appreciate a report and if you had any other reports on that night. it was not a helicopter, not a plane. it have been in the service and i can sure conventional aircraft. and i found written that our observations was silent. sincerely,

- page 8 -

