The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record. There is no photograph present in this particular document. 

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

PROJECT 16073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
8 Dec. 64    9/0115Z
2. LOCATION
Springfield, Ohio
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1.5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
Ground
8. PHOTOS
Yes  No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
  Yes  No
10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft (possible)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observed an object that appeared as a light. One witness said the object was a bright light that seemed to hover over a plane north and south. The object then moved rapidly to the east and appeared to land. The object then came back to the east again and appeared behind a tree, but then came back in another area of the sky.
The description is consistent with that reported for an aircraft observation.

FTD -FORM 0-329 (TDE)

- page 1 -

The image contains a questionnaire form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information regarding an unidentified aerial object sighting. There is no photograph present in this image.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements or conclusions. If any question should require more detailed information, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? THURSDAY 8 DECEMBER 1966

2. Time of day: Between 2015 and 2030 hrs. 

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? North of Springfield just of Route 68, Springfield, Clark, OHIO

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 Minutes

6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Overcast

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? N/A

- page 2 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a survey-style questionnaire. The text covers questions about the observer's perception of the stars, moon, and weather conditions at the time of the sighting, as well as various characteristics of the observed object.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the output of all the text found in the document:

8. IF you knew the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Few
b. Normal
c. Bright
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry still
b. Breeze - light rain
c. Windy
d. Snow, sleet or heavy rain
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vaporous

d. As a light (flickering)
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter than brightest stars
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Photography flood lamp, about 500 watts or stronger.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Clearly defined
b. Partly blurred
c. Fuzzy or blurred
d. Don't remember

e. Other _____________

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes - No - Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes - No - Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes - No - Don't know
d. Give off smoke or flame? Yes - No - Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes - No - Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes - No - Don't know
g. Flash on and off? Yes - No - Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes - No - Don't know

- page 3 -

The image appears to contain a page from an old UFO report document. There is no photographic image present on this particular page. However, the text on the page describes the witness's observation of a "round, flickering light" that a neighbor boy said he saw coming from what the witness described as "vapor or steam".

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, It flew across the sky and disappeared behind a tree. It then came back in another part of the sky.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it was in front of: Not that it could see.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Yes - gold in color with small red light flickering off-to-the-side - 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold your match stick at arm's length and see how much of the known object and its surroundings would be covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment with the object, how much of it would have been covered by the match head?
He says at brightest point it would be considerably larger than the head of a match held at arm's length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and specifically indicate whether trails or vapor trails were present. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
It appeared as a round, flickering light. A neighbor boy said he saw vapor or steam coming from it.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, showing a questionnaire with various questions related to sightings of unidentified flying objects.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? roughly 500 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Between 5 and 10 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) N/A
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. Light on a radio tower but it is different. Landing light of a small airplane.

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The sketch depicts a horizon line, with angles and compass directions labeled. It appears to be an illustration used for a questionnaire or report about an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

OCR text output:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "Y" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during its course.
Travelled along a level plane north and south. Couldn't tell if it was moving from side to side. Neighbor boy said it was circular.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
N/A

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an old UFO report.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Springfield, Ohio
Springfield, Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] 
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Street, Springfield, Ohio 45503
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 15
SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
NONE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Thursday, 8 December 1966
BLUE BOOK

The text found in the scanned document is:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Springfield, Ohio
Springfield, Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Street, Springfield, Ohio 45503
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 15
SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
NONE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Thursday, 8 December 1966
BLUE BOOK

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing only textual information.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 December 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

"Called back a second time to report that it was shaped like a flashlight with light coming out the front and or like an Indian arrowhead."

- page 8 -

