PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
25-30 Oct. 66

2. LOCATION
Southampton, Long Island, New York multiple

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astro(Capella)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

Capella was rising at approximately 1745 EST on the
25th of October 1966.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10-30 minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers noted a white very bright light in the NE part
of the sky. The object was stationary and flashing various colors. Red, green, and white were seen during the
observation. The object appeared to go up and down and
then drift slowly toward the south.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

The description is consistent with that of an astronomical
observation.

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Location of Observer(s):
Pinpoint location accurately. Use street and building names if it will help. (Example - backyard of house at 22 Dune Road, Westhampton Beach, N.Y.)

Identification of Observer:
Name [redacted]
Age 19
Mailing Address [redacted]
South Hampton
Phone Number [redacted]
Occupation Student
Education Junior College

TO PERSON COMPLETING FORM - Give your estimate of observer's reliability and reasons: [blank box]

Witnesses - Obtain name, age, address, phone, and occupation of every witness. Use other side of this sheet if necessary.


- page 2 -

Physical Evidence: Were photographs taken or was any physical evidence of the object left behind? (Note: If the caller says there is physical evidence still present, contact Wing Operations Duty Officer through CAC, Ext 493, or the Air Police, Ext 408, immediately).

Weather: Clerk

(Observer(s) account of weather conditions.

THIS IS THE END OF QUESTIONS FOR THE OBSERVER. RECORD ANY OTHER COMMENTS HE MAY WANT TO ADD. THANK HIM (HER) FOR CALLING.
Object still there √

WHEN THE CALLER HAS HUNG UP, CALL BASE WEATHER AT EXT. 488 FOR THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION:

SURFACE:
8,000'
10,000'
16,000'
20,000'
30,000'
40,000'
50,000'
60,000'

WIND DIRECTION
280°
270°
260°
240°
250°
250°

VELOCITY IN KNOTS & DEGREES
15°
30°
50°
85°
90°
85°

Note: Weather questionaire continued on page 5.

4


- page 3 -

Ceiling: 10,000 ft.
Visibility: 7 mi.
Amount of cloud cover: 80/10
Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located:
Vertical temperature gradient: Stable- Decreases 14° to 19000

Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

NEXT CALL THE COMBAT ALERT CENTER, EXT. 193, FOR THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION:

Was radar sighting made? By whom? NO

Was intercept action taken? NO

Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting.

FINALLY, CALL EITHER USAF OPERATIONS SECTION AT 124 FROM 1ST AIR FORCE OR USAF AIR DEFENSE COMMAND AT 124 FROM THAT HAD ANY AIRCRAFT FLYING WITH THAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN INVOLVED IN THE SIGHTING.

NO

Do not discuss the report with any civilians, callers, press. Only the Office of Information, Hq. USAF, is authorized to release information concerning UFO reports. If you are called by members of the press, ask them to please call the Information Office, Public Affairs, Craig at 288-2747, or his assistant, LA.


- page 4 -

The regulation which covers UFO reports is AFR 200-2. Refer to it if you have any questions in the handling of this report. Turn in this form with your OD report in the morning.

One final note. Most UFO reports are rather routine "lights-in-the-sky" sightings. When a report comes in that is obviously based on more tangible evidence, or when several reports of sightings at the same time are received, contact the Operations Duty Officer through the CAC, Ext 493. Contact the CAA through the Operations Duty Officer (CAC), Ext 493. Reports are much more easily investigated at the time of the sightings than a day or two later. Your cooperation and good sense will help the Air Force investigate these sightings in a professional manner.

6


- page 5 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE/TIME GROUP
30 Oct. 66 2320Z

2. LOCATION
Southampton, Long Island, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
7 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
SW

8. PHOTOS
x Yes
□ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
x No

10. CONCLUSION
Unidentified
PHOTOS(no-x)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer was told by his sister-in-law that there was something in the sky. He went to take a picture of. As the observer walked outside he spotted an object north along some power lines. The object traveled north to south, then went SW. The witness had arms that sparkled like aluminum, which seemed to be in front of the object. This light lit up the area in front of the object. The object was in view a slight time and a sound was heard which compared to that made by aircraft. Lost sight of the object in the southwest.

The photos were definitely not of the object that was seen on the 30th of October 1966. The photos were taken on 23 Oct. 66 between 2300 and 2359 MST. The photo is 3nas

FORM
FTD SEP 83 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 6 -

30 Oct 1966
Southampton, New York

Statement

I was alerted by my sister-in-law, Mrs. "There is something in the sky that might be interesting to take a picture". I walked out, about supper time, 6:20, in my shirt sleeves. Spotted object north along power line. Traveling north to south, then south west. UFO had arms that sparkled like arc-light, which seemed to be in front of, lighting up area ahead of it. Heard slight hum, XXXXXX like electric turbine.

Was in sight for at least seven minutes. Guess to be at 1500 or 2,000 feet. Enormous size, over 100' wide.

Following power line south to ocean, then turned southwest along 27 Route 27 to hover over college. (Southampton)

Lost sight of it over college.

Type film
Tri-X

star-trail = 22 mm
moon trail width (#2)= 7 mm
if 7 mm = 1/2 day, 22 mm = 1.5 day
10" = 254 mm
22/254 = 0.0869 if moon width = 5.04 mm
3.09 = .0125 wid
155 = 1.3°

time = 5.2 min.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Hears with you
1 min up
Kodak
Tan-V Ortho
Daylight 320
Transient 200
Same speed at
707 at a great distance
Arens Graphic (speed)
4 1/5 neg.


- page 8 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

1820

N
W + E
S

pl. Time's
Heure

3

Pecent line

5

(Some text at bottom left appears partially illegible)

The document appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram with compass directions, some lines, and a few markings, with some text annotations. Two sections are blacked out/redacted.


- page 9 -

Text found in the document:

516

Southampton

Several lines of text are redacted/blacked out in the upper portion of the document.


- page 10 -

SPECIAL REPORT ON PHOTOGRAPH

Of three 8 x 10 prints submitted by Mr. [redacted], Southampton, L. I., to Mr. W. R. Robinson, one contains a photograph of an alleged UFO and also shows three star trails. A study of star and moon positions previous to the date of the supposed UFO photograph has shown that the three trails are images of the three brightest stars in the constellation Aries. The hypothesis was tested that the bright elongated object in the picture is a trailed image of the moon.

The coordinates of the three stars (1966) are as follows:

Alpha Aries     2h 05m 15s     +23° 18' 09"
Beta Aries      1h 52m 45s     +20° 38' 33"
Gamma Aries     1h 51m 40s     +19° 07' 40"

The first task was to calculate the plate scale on the assumption that these were in fact the coordinates of the ends of the star-trails. Since the paths were parallel on the print, the declination difference (at right angles to the direction of trail) was used. The separation of the three stars in declination, on the print, was measured to be:

Alpha-Beta      0.695 inch
Beta-Gamma      0.388 inch

The plate scales obtained, uncorrected for geometry, were then used to compute an effective focal length for the lens used, as if the photograph were made directly onto the 8 x 10 print. The result was 16.31 inches. If the original negative were a 4 x 5 plate, the lens would have had a focal length to 8 inches; if a 35 mm. camera were used, the focal length comes out to be 56 mm., quite close to a standard lens.


- page 11 -

Name of person taking report: KIRT D. GORMAN
Duty Ext: 280
Date of report: 30-10-66
Local Time: 2100
Caller's name: [blacked out]
Telephone number: [blank]
Address: SOUTH HAMPTON COLLEGE

Description of object(s):
Shape: OVAL OR ROUND
Size compared to a known object: BASKETBALL
Color: WHITE - VERY BRIGHT
Number: 1
Formation, if more than one: [blank]
Any discernible features or details: NO INFO
Tail, trail or exhaust, including size compared to size of object(s): NO
Sound. If heard, describe sound: NO
Other pertinent or unusual features: NO

Description of object's(s') course:
What first called the attention of the observer(s) to the object(s)?: OPTIC PEOPLE

Page number: 13
Top right corner notation: 458
Top right corner additional notation: Capell (partial)


- page 12 -

Having the focal length, a correction factor could be computed to take into account the off-axis angles. The resulting corrected on-axis plate scale was 0.004175 inches per minute of arc, the scales computed from the measured separations agreeing within 1%.

The ratio of the declination separations on the print is 0.1767; the ratio of the actual declination-differences is 1.756; the error is 0.011, or 0.63%. The identification may be taken as proven.

Next the declination-difference between each star-trail and the center of the moon-trail was measured. The distances were:

Alpha - moon    3.233 inches
Beta - moon    2.524 inches
Gamma - moon   2.144 inches

A mean geometry correction was computed for the mid-points of these distances, and then they were converted into angles, and the declination of the moon was computed, as follows:

                Difference Angle    Moon's Declination
Alpha - moon    12° 3010            10° 4815
Beta - moon     9° 5210             10° 4655
Gamma - moon    8° 2115             10° 4612
Mean computed declination           10° 4619

The declination of the moon is given in the ephemeris as viewed from the center of the earth; thus a person standing on the earth at a northerly latitude will see too low a declination due to parallax. This parallax was computed for a latitude of 40° north, and it amounted to 28 minutes of arc. The corrected ephemeris declination of the moon was


- page 13 -

thus 11° 149.

Right ascension was computed by first measuring the location of the end of the moon-trail relative to a line drawn at right angles to the star-trails; in this way the relative right ascension of the image of the moon could be found. The position of the center of the moon was estimated by centering a line as long as the star-trails on the elongated image, and then picking one end of that line as the starting-position of the moon's center. The difference in right ascension was not corrected for curvature of the right-ascension lines, the declination being sufficiently close to zero that little convergence would be expected. The measured difference was again corrected for plate scale and off-axis angle, with the result that the moon's right ascension at the start of the exposure was found to be 2h 01m 17s.

From the American Ephemeris and Nautical Almanac for 1966, the following table of apparent lunar coordinates was taken; all entries are for 29 October 1966:

UT     EDST (Oct.28)    RA          DEC     RA error    DEC error
0200   10:00 PM         1h 59m 09s  +10° 43' 47"    +2" 05s     +30'
0300   11:00 PM         2h 01m 01s  +10° 56' 43"    + 16s       +17'
0400   12:00 PM         2h 02m 53s  +11° 09' 47"    -1" 36s     +05'

By a simple interpolation formula, the time was found when the absolute amount of error was the same, in minutes of arc, in both directions:

Time:   0332 UT, or 11:32 PM EDST, Oct. 28th
RA:     2h 02m 09s (12 minutes of arc high)
DEC:    11° 03'18 (11 minutes of arc low)


- page 14 -

Eleven minutes of arc on the print is 0.046 inches on the print.

We take as proven the hypothesis that the picture is a trailed image of the moon, and that it was not taken on Sunday, October 30th, as claimed by Mr. [redacted], but on Friday evening, October 28th, between the hours of 11:00 and 12:00 PM, EDST. The picture is therefore a fraud.


- page 15 -

TDET/UFO                                                                   23 January 1967

UFO Observation, October 1966

Southampton, New York 11968

Dear Mr.

Reference your completed FTD Form 164 on your unidentified observation.
The report we have from the Southampton police says the object was
sighted on 30 October 1966. In the form, just received by this office,
you said that the object was observed on 23 October 1966. Confirmation
of the correct date would be appreciated.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 16 -

FTD (TDDER) 4
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
9 November 1966

Southampton, New York 11968

Dear Mr.

Reference your unidentified observation of 30 October 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient for
evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164
and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the
Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 17 -

Land 164 to

Southampton N.Y.

on his 30 Oct sighting


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

6080 70045

Re entry 6074 + 6075. While on patrol was stopped by
3327 hrs.10/30/66 While on Ocala Drive reported spotted U.F.O. at
Montauk Highway in a South East direction approx. 25degrees Above
horizon. Did not see exhaust or near motor noise. Lights flashed
from red to green to yellow + was observed for over one half hour.
Did not appear to be moving. Following students were in his
company + also saw this incident.


- page 19 -

Visible text:

4
✓

19 OF

Portions of text are obscured by black redaction marks. The page appears to be page 19 of a document, with a checkmark next to the number 4 on the left side of the page.


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many*
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
It was as bright in the sky as a close street light

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle one)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: Seemed though a gas
like acetylene, the edges were
hazy

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know (circling)


- page 21 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
23 October 1966
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:
6 About 15-20
Hour    Minutes

(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other _________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is blacked out]
Southampton, New York
City or Town    State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
3
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? At Sunset/Twilight

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright          a. Bright
b. Cloudy          b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 22 -

Angle of elevation. (The horizon is 0° elevation. Directly over the observer's head is 90° elevation. The object must appear within this 0° - 90° range.) 25°

Azimuth (which direction on the compass was it headed)? North is 360°. East is 90°. South is 180°. West is 270°. E

Angle of elevation and azimuth upon disappearance.
Still Visible

Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
STATIONARY

How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the North, etc.)

How long was (were) the object(s) visible? Be specific - five minutes, one hour, etc.) 10 MIN

Manner of Observation:
Use one or any combination of the following items: ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar).

Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars), etc.) used and description thereof.

THIS QUESTION IS NOT PERTINENT WHEN CALLER IS A CIVILIAN.
COMPLETE ONLY IF REPORTED BY A PILOT.
If the sighting occurred while airborne, give type of aircraft ____________, identification # ____________, altitude ____________ and home station ____________, heading ____________, speed ____________

Date and Time of Sighting:
Date: 21-10-66

Zulu Time: 0422 2 min 2

Light Conditions - day, night, dawn, dusk
(night is circled)

2


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other (Exact yard of hospital's near west wing)

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw
(Appears to be a hand-drawn sketch of an oval/cylindrical object)


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Not sure, because I sighted more than two. They were possibly not anything, because of it low height. (not sure)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Couldn't hear anything
b. Color: Very bright white light - it was changed color red, green, white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Watched in area about 1/2 to 1/3 about the center by the match

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
- bell shaped
- move in a row

(Additional notes at bottom of page appear partially illegible)


- page 25 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted names and addresses, with "Southampton, New York" visible]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
[Redacted last, first, and middle names]
ADDRESS
[Redacted street address]
City: Southampton
Zone: [Redacted]
State: New York

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: [Redacted]   SEX: Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent:
2 Res 9 verses.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
23    October    66
Day    Month     Year

Southampton Police Dept.


- page 26 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten notes on the image include: "picked up speed", "hovering", "point to point", and other partially legible text]

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 3
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Additional handwritten notes include location references like "Montauk N.Y." and "Southampton College"]

The image contains a compass rose and curved lines representing elevation angles from 0° to 90°, along with sketches showing object movement and positioning.


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
13     March     1966
    Day     Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Although I cannot estimate the altitude of the object, I know for sure, from being close to Westhampton C.A.B. that if the object could was a plane or jet or helicopter, I most certainly would have heard it. The altitude was low enough for a plane or jet to hear it, but no one did hear it. It was long kind of normal aircraft


- page 28 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEI/UFO                                                                   23 January 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, October 1966

TO: [Redacted]
Southampton, New York 11968

Dear Mr. [Redacted]:

Reference your completed FTD Form 164 on your unidentified observation.
The report you have from the Southampton police says the object was
sighted on 30 October 1966. In the form, just received by this office,
you said that the object was observed on 23 October 1966. Confirmation
of the correct date would be appreciated.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

[Handwritten note at bottom of page, partially illegible]
February 14, 66

Dear Major,

[Rest of handwritten text is partially obscured/illegible]


- page 29 -

TDETR/Maj H Quintanilla, Jr/70916/mhs/21 Nov 66

Request for Helicopter Information

Base Operations
Quonset Point Naval Air Station

Our office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report from the Southampton, Long Island area. Regarding information on any helicopters that departed Quonset on the afternoon of 30 October 1966 on a flight path which would have taken them over the Long Island area, possibly with a final destination of Floyd Bennett Field, New York.

FOR THE COMMANDER

LOUIS DEGOES, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION:

TDETR/Maj H Quintanilla, Jr                 DATE 22 Nov 66

TDET                                         DATE 22 Nov 66


- page 30 -

U. S. NAVAL AIR STATION
QUONSET POINT, R. I. 02819

IN REPLY REFER TO:
AOA/KLB:jek
25 November 1966

From: Air Operations Officer, U. S. Naval Air Station, Quonset Point, R. I.
To: Director of Technology and Subsystems (DDET), Department of the Air
Force, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Subj: Helicopter Information; request for

Ref: (a) Your ltr of 22 Nov 1966

1. In reply to reference (a), a search of our records indicates only one
helicopter filed a flight plan on the date in question. The following
information was taken from our records:

Radio Call - AS-59
Type of Aircraft - SH-3A
Departed - NAS Quonset Point
Time Departed - 1700Z 12:00 EST
Airspeed - 110
Altitude - 1,500
Flight Conditions - VFR
Route of Flight - B-ORN-B-RVH-B-JFK-B-COL-B-CYN-B-AIR-B-SBY-B-CCV
Destination - Navy Norfolk
Estimated Time of Arrival - 2030Z 15:30 EST

[Signature]
J. K. JACKSON
CDR, USN


- page 31 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top of page header is partially illegible]

Satellite, Star, Planet?
It's a Flying Square?

[The rest of the text is too faint/blurry to confidently transcribe without risking introducing errors. Large portions of the text are visible but not clearly legible.]

The document appears to be a page from a UFO report, with a headline/title about a potential unidentified flying object described as a "flying square", but the detailed text is not clearly readable.


- page 32 -

THE SOUTHAMPTON PRESS, SOUTHAMPTON, LONG ISLAND, N.Y. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1966

Was It a Satellite, Star, Plane?
(Continued from Page 1)

[The rest of the text appears to be partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document, so I cannot confidently reproduce the full text of the article.]

The headline "Was It a Satellite, Star, Plane?" is clearly visible, along with the newspaper header and date. The article seems to be continued from a previous page, but the full text is not completely readable in this image.


- page 33 -

Location of Observer(s):
Pinpoint location accurately. Use street and building names if it will help. (Example - backyard of house at 22 Dune Road, Westhampton Beach, N.Y.)
Long View Motel
Southampton, N.Y.

Identification of Observer:
Name: [Redacted]
Age: 21
Education: 3rd Year College
Mailing Address: Southampton College
Phone Number: Southampton College
Occupation: Student

To Person Completing Form - Give your estimate of observer's reliability and reasons:
Reliable

Witnesses - Obtain name, age, address, phone, and occupation of every witness. Use other side of this sheet if necessary.

[Page number: 3]


- page 34 -

2 Nov. 66

Contact was made with the Suffolk County AFB operations regarding their rescue helicopters. They had no copters in the air on 30 Oct. 66.

Contact was made with the Shinnecock Hills Coast Guard station concerning their helicopters. Their nearest copter is in Brookyn and doesn't come out to this area unless is an emergency.

Contact was made with Floyd Bennet Field, New York. Both Navy and Marine operations were checked for any helicopters that could have been in the Southampton area about 1800 30 Oct. 66. A negative response was obtained.

Contact was made with the Southampton town police. They on occasions use a Grumman helicopter but did not think that the copter was being used on 30 Oct. 66.

Contact was made with Grumman Aircraft Company. Again a negative answer was obtained for any craft in the Southampton area on the night in question.

Contact was again made with the Coast Guard at Mattituck. They said that no patrols in the area this time of the year. They do have twilight patrols in the summer months only.


- page 35 -

TDET/UFO (Maj H Quintanilla, Jr/70916/mhs/15 Dec 66)
UFO Observation, 30 October 1966

104th Tactical Fighter Group

DEC 1 6 1968

Our office is in receipt of a reported UFO observation over the Southampton, Long Island, New York area. A check of our Flip Low Altitude High Speed Training Route Chart indicates that your group is engaged in training flights over the area in question.

Request information on participation by the 104th Tactical Fighter Group on Barnes 3 low altitude, high speed route on the afternoon of 30 October 1966.

FOR THE COMMANDER

LOUIS DeGOES, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION

TDET/UFO MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR                 DATE 12 Dec 66

TDET                                            DATE 12 Dec 66


- page 36 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 30 October 1966

TO: 104th Tactical Fighter Group

Our office is in receipt of a reported UFO observation over the Southampton, Long Island, New York area. A check of our Flip Low Altitude High Speed Training Route Chart indicates that your group is engaged in training flights over the area in question.

Request information on participation by the 104th Tactical Fighter Group on Barnes 3 low altitude, high speed route on the afternoon of 30 October 1966.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
LOUIS DeGOES, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1st Ind
20 Dec 66

To: TDET Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

On the above cited date this organization did not perform any flying in our prescribed local area; specifically the Barnes #3 Low Altitude Route.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
BRUNO J GRABOVSKY, LtCol Mass
Deputy for Operations


- page 37 -

This case contains ≃ 3 9"x5" negatives and 7, 8x10" photos.


- page 38 -

The image appears to be a very low-quality, grayscale document with significant noise and degradation. There is a bright white area in the lower portion of the image, but most of the text is illegible due to the poor scan quality. The only partially readable text I can discern is at the bottom of the page, which appears to read "DIVISION" and what looks like "TECHNOLOGICAL" but I cannot be completely certain due to the image quality.


- page 39 -

The text I can read on this document is:

At the top of the page: "GLOSSYIDM"
At the bottom of the page: "FOREIGN TECHNICAL DIVISION"

There is a white oval-shaped object or image in the center of an otherwise grayscale/faded document page. Most of the text appears to be illegible due to the poor image quality.


- page 40 -

At the top of the page, I can see:
"UNITED STATES AIR FORCE"
"UNCLASSIFIED"

At the bottom of the page, I can see:
"UNCLASSIFIED"

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a blurry white/light-colored object against a dark background. The object looks somewhat elongated or oval-shaped. The image quality is quite poor and grainy.


- page 41 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a low-quality, grayscale photograph with some faint lines and structures visible, but details are very difficult to discern due to the poor image quality.


- page 42 -

The text on this page is mostly illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. There appears to be some text at the bottom of the page, but it is too blurry to read clearly. The image contains a white or bright object in the center against a grayscale background, but the details are not distinct.


- page 43 -

Text at the top of the document:
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

The rest of the document appears to be a very faint or low-quality photographic image with a white/light oval or elongated shape in the lower right portion of the image. Most of the text and details are illegible due to poor image quality.


- page 44 -

Physical Evidence: Were photographs taken or was any physical evidence of the object left behind? (Note: If the caller says there is physical evidence still present, contact Wing Operations Duty Officer through CAC, Ext 493, or the Air Police, Ext 408, immediately).

NO

Weather:
(Observer(s) account of weather conditions.)

CLEAR

THIS IS THE END OF QUESTIONS FOR THE OBSERVER. RECORD ANY OTHER COMMENTS HE MAY WANT TO ADD. THANK HIM (HER) FOR CALLING.

WHEN THE CALLER HAS HUNG UP, CALL BASE WEATHER AT EXT. 493 FOR THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION:

[Weather table with columns for Wind Direction and Velocity in Knots & Degrees, with altitudes from Surface to 80,000']

Surface wind direction: 30°
Surface wind velocity: 5 K

Note: Weather questionnaire continued on page 5.

4


- page 45 -

Text found on the document:

Top Left: FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
Top Right: UNCLASSIFIED

The rest of the document appears to be a black and white photograph with low contrast. The image shows what seems to be some kind of structure or object with lines/wires extending from it, but the details are very difficult to discern due to the poor image quality.


- page 46 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
30 Oct. 66   31/0427Z

2. LOCATION
Southampton, Long Island, New York   multiple

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro(Rigel)

Rigel was on an azimuth of 120 degrees and at an elevation of 18 degrees.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched a star like object in the southeastern sky for about 30 minutes. The observers did not notice any noise or any type of exhaust. The object just remained basically stationary during the duration of the sighting. The light was flashing from red to green to yellow.

The description is consistent with that of an astronomical observation.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 47 -

31 Oct 66

and several other students from Southampton College, reported watching an alleged UFO for more than 30 minutes. The object was seen in the southeast portion of the sky at an elevation of approximately 25 degrees. The observers did not notice and noise or any type of exhaust. The object just remained basically stationary in the southeast during the observation period. The lights flashed from red to green to yellow during the observation. The object did not appear to be moving from its position.

Conclusion:
Although there is incomplete data to warrant a comprehensive evaluation it definitely appears that the witnesses were watching the star Rigel which at the time of the sighting was on an azimuth of 120 degrees and at an elevation of 18 degrees. Sirius which had been reported previously as an UFO did not rise on this particular night until approximately mid-night, and is excluded as a possible explanation.


- page 48 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

A closeup of the UFO, with what may be the edge
of a cloud at left, veiling the outline

In this closeup, taken a few seconds later, the
image is somewhat smaller, apparently due to
cloud obstruction.

A close-up of the UFO, with what may be the edge
of a cloud at left, veiling the outline

At the same time I was visually and photographically tracking the UFO, the Press were both receiving calls about the same sighting and other sightings in Smithtown and Centerport.

WHAT I first saw was a motionless object, much larger than any planet or star in the sky that I could see at the same time.

Its brilliancy luminescent and its pale-yellow shades was close to the color of the ends of your classical telephone book.

I was stationary enough so that I was able to get two very sharp-looking pictures of its outline. What my eyes noticed first was an oval. The sharper eye of the lens showed a weirder shape with a weaker tone at right below the oval. It was a situation between the time I took the first and second pictures.

As it continued eastward, the UFO seemed to be picking up speed. When it passed my house, it was doing about 10 miles an hour. When it went over the Long Island border, the "whatever it was" was doing about 50 miles an hour.

BUT AS it got further east, the speed went up dramatically. The last two experiences, made of an object many miles away, showed a speed much faster than those made when the UFO was close to me. This means a fantastically high speed of travel.

(Turn to Next Page)

When Victor photographed


- page 49 -

Here is the text from the document:

Moneyword Jackpot
Zooms to $4,900
Rules and Entry
On Page 24

Long Island Press
SUFFOLK No. 4688                MONDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1966                                                5 CENTS

'I Photographed a UFO'
Space
Spectacle
Over LI

By LEONARD VICTOR

I saw and photographed
a UFO -- an unidentified
flying object -- in North
Brookfield last Saturday
night.

And, although I did not
see them, the final time exposure I have clearly
showed three cars cruising
of light in formation, east
at the UFO I was photographed. They may have
been three more of the
mysterious aerial objects
that have been roaming
Long Island's skies in recent days.

At the same time I was
visually and photographically tracking the UFO,
the Air Force and the
Press were both receiving
calls about the same event.

When Victor photographed the UFO in flight, right, he didn't realize there were three more in formation, at left. They turned
up when he developed the film.

Picture # 5

A closeup of the UFO, with what may be the edge
of a cloud at left veiling the outline.


- page 50 -

Here is the text from the document:

THE SOUTH SIDE SIGNAL

Friday, November 4, 1966

All Identifies
UFOs Sighted
By 35 in L.I.

NEW YORK, New York — The Air Force said Wednesday that 35 persons in the Long Island area last month reported seeing unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the sky.

The USAF, low flying aircraft, investigators and members of the public were cited as the sources of the reports. A spokesman for the Air Force said the reports were turned over to Project Blue Book, the Air Force unit which investigates and analyzes UFO sightings.

The spokesman said that none of the reports could be explained in terms of known aircraft or natural phenomena. Investigations are continuing.

The rest of the text in the lower portion of the document is partially illegible and cannot be fully transcribed with confidence.


- page 51 -

Here is the text from the document:

MONTAUK BAY TIDE                                                Thursday, November 3, 1966

Saucers Or Sorcery
It's Sirius Business

Residents of the Montauk Bay area were in a tizzy this week as strange aerial phenomena were discussed in meeting numbers this week. Rumors and more sightings of strange flying objects proliferated the week's talk.

Briefly, the story goes that a group of local residents claim to have seen unidentified flying objects in the area. Some project these objects as saucers, while others suggest they might be something else.

[The rest of the text is partially cut off or illegible due to the image quality, but the headline and first few paragraphs are clearly visible.]


- page 52 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Heading at top of page, partially illegible]

SAFE Explains Flying Objects

SUFFOLK COUNTY AFB (ADC) BY - The Air Force has completed initial investigation of unidentified flying objects reported in Suffolk County AFB during the month of October.

[Rest of the text is partially obscured or illegible, with some words and phrases visible but not fully readable]

At the bottom of the page, there are two sections labeled "UFOs" and another section, but the text is too blurry to read completely.


- page 53 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Header, partially legible]
Cooper Show Way
To UFO Whirl on U.

[Date]
Wednesday, November 2, 1966

[Most of the body text is too faint or blurry to reliably OCR. Some words and fragments are visible, but not enough to confidently reproduce full sentences. The text appears to be a newspaper article discussing something related to UFOs and possibly someone named Cooper.]

[At the bottom, there is a section heading that reads "Students See UFO" but the text below is not clearly legible.]


- page 54 -

LONG ISLAND PRESS, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1966

It Wasn't a Plane,
A Star, a Planet...

[The rest of the text is too illegible to accurately transcribe. The headline and newspaper details are clear, but the body of the article is not readable in this image.]


- page 55 -

Here is the text from the document:

Ceiling: UNKNOWN
Visibility: 15 MS
Amount of cloud cover: NONE
Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located:
Vertical temperature gradient:

Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

NEXT CALL THE COMBAT ALERT CENTER, EXT. 493, FOR THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION:
Was radar sighting made? By whom?
NO

Was intercept action taken?
NO

Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting.
NO

FINALLY, CALL GRUMMAN AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS SECTION AT 727-1500, EXT. 611, TO FIND OUT IF THEY HAD ANY AIRCRAFT FLYING WHICH COULD ACCOUNT FOR THE SIGHTING.

Do not discuss the report with any civilian callers. Only the Office of Information, Hq. USAF, is authorized to release information concerning UFO reports. If you are called by members of the press, ask them to please call the Information Officer, Capt. Craig at 288-2747, or his assistant, Lt. Campbell at base ext. 398.

5


- page 56 -

The image appears to be a very faint, low-contrast document page. While text is present, most of it is illegible due to the poor image quality. I can make out some partial words and fragments, but cannot confidently reproduce a complete, accurate transcription of the text.


- page 57 -

LONG ISLAND PRESS, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 1966

The rest of the text on the page is too illegible to read clearly.


- page 58 -

The image appears to be a scanned document page with text, but the text is very faint and mostly illegible. The only clearly visible text is the header on the left side which reads "A Night UFO About Those Blue Book".

The rest of the document text is too light and blurry to accurately transcribe. I can see text exists on the page, but cannot make out the specific words or content.


- page 59 -

LONG ISLAND PRESS, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1966

Six Students Who Saw UFO
Share Views With Reporter

The story of six young men who said they saw an unidentified flying object (UFO) last Tuesday near the State Agricultural and Technical College at Farmingdale is told in the Long Island Press today by Allen Sniffen, who interviewed the students.

The article appears to continue, but the lower portion of the text is partially illegible. The headline clearly states "Six Students Who Saw UFO Share Views With Reporter" and the article begins with an introduction about six students who claimed to have seen a UFO near the State Agricultural and Technical College at Farmingdale. The reporter Allen Sniffen is mentioned as having interviewed the students.


- page 60 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Air Force Douses Hot-UFO Reports

[Top left section is partially legible, but most text is too blurry to confidently transcribe]

LONG ISLAND PRESS, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1966

Air Force Douses Hot-UFO Reports

[Bottom sections have similar legibility issues, with some words and phrases visible but large portions of text being unclear]

The newspaper appears to be the Long Island Press from November 1, 1966, and the headline is "Air Force Douses Hot-UFO Reports", but due to the image quality, I cannot reliably OCR the full text of the article.


- page 61 -

World Journal Tribune, New York, Monday, October 31, 1966.

Red Lighted
UFO Seen
In Bayside

[The rest of the text is too illegible to read clearly. Only the headline and newspaper information are clearly visible.]


- page 62 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Wednesday
25 Sep UFOs
Over Island
ARMY Probe

More than 2 people in South
and North are reported to have
seen, among others in the
neighborhood, something from that
night, what? - great balls to
breaking into two parts, momentary
and shape less, vanished.

A Southampton Village police
report's a slightly bit of light in
the sky. Those who saw it, said
the view was accompanied by a
sound. The description for 30
seconds was: it was like the
light was moving, or moving
slowly. The effect was soft, short
and quick. The ground was very
visible not as a shadow. Two
said just the size of 135 Cent.
was seen. Southampton police
report that the event is under
investigation.

[Note: Some parts of the text are difficult to read clearly, so I've transcribed what I could confidently discern.]


- page 63 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Lynn Diamond, Dot. and Geraldine Smith goes
2 Girls Report
Hovering UFOs

LONG ISLAND PRESS, MONDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1966

The Reports
Keep Coming

[Note: Much of the text in the lower half of the document is too blurry/illegible for me to confidently transcribe. The visible headline and subheadings are clear.]


- page 64 -

Here is the text from the document:

LONG ISLAND PRESS, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1966

Air Force Probes
UFOs Over L.I.

Source's Just Balloons?

UFOs Are
Serious
Business

The text appears to be from a newspaper article about UFO sightings over Long Island, with a headline "Air Force Probes UFOs Over L.I." and a subheading "Source's Just Balloons?" There is also a small box with the text "UFOs Are Serious Business". However, due to the image quality, I cannot confidently transcribe the full body text of the article.


- page 65 -

THE SUNDAY REVIEW - OCT. 30, 1966

Another UFO
in Pahrump

[The rest of the text appears to be partially illegible or cut off, with only fragments of text visible. I can make out some words, but not a complete coherent paragraph.]

UFO
[Some text below this heading is also partially illegible]


- page 66 -

The regulation which covers UFO reports is AFR 209-2. Refer to it if you have any questions in the handling of this report. Turn in this form with your OD report in the morning.

One final note. Most UFO reports are rather routine "lights-in-the-sky" sightings. When a report comes in that is obviously based on more tangible evidence, or when several reports of sightings at the same time are received, contact the Operations Duty Officer through the CAC, Ext. 493. Reports are much more easily investigated at the time of the sightings than a day or two later. Your cooperation and good sense will help the Air Force investigate these sightings in a professional manner.

6


- page 67 -

World Journal Tribune, New York, Sunday October 30, 1966

Scarecoming UFO Plays
Trick or Treat on L.I.

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to image quality, but appears to be a newspaper article about a UFO sighting or incident on Long Island]


- page 68 -

Newsday
Saturday, October 22, 1966

UFOs in Suffolk
Reported Again

[The rest of the text is partially illegible due to image quality, but appears to be a newspaper article about UFO sightings in Suffolk County]


- page 69 -

NEW YORK TIMES, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1966.

Suffolk Probers Weigh UFO's
[The rest of the text in the clipping is partially illegible, with only fragments of words and lines visible]


- page 70 -

Bright Star UFO
Is Seen in Suffolk

[The rest of the text appears to be partially illegible due to image quality. While I can see there is more text on the page, I cannot confidently OCR all of the words without potentially introducing errors.]

The headline and title are clearly visible, but the body text is too faint to reliably transcribe without potentially misreading words.


- page 71 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Header]
New York Island Fishing, New York, October 23, 1966

AP and Bromige
On the UFO Trail
By JOHN YOUNG

A Passing city and the North completing its orbit in its first American Air Defense Command radar tracking mission, a man- 108 miles up. This is the first time a
ned flight in the heavens lit the space capsule has been used for
American space flight. Pete Conrad, Jr., a public research. As for techni-
undaunted flyer of 36, rode the cal advances, Conrad said the
first of a new series of Gemini mission showed the Air Force
flights into space Wednesday and radar can track a spacecraft
[rest of text is partially illegible due to image quality]

The rest of the text is difficult to read clearly due to the image resolution. Some words and sentences are partially obscured or blurry.


- page 72 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top of document]
Southampton, October 28, 1966

Officer, It Was Big, Red,
Ate Bark and I'm Sober

[The rest of the text is too illegible for me to confidently transcribe without potentially introducing errors. The headline and date are clear, but the body text is not sufficiently readable to reproduce accurately.]


- page 73 -

THE SUNDAY REVIEW • OCT. 23, 1966

Spot Flying
object near
Palenque

Flying object
(Continued from Page 1)

PALENQUE, MEXICO (UPI) —
Two Smithsonian Conservation
men who observed a bright
flying object near the ancient
Mayan ruins of Palenque said
yesterday they could distinguish its shape and direction.

(Rest of the text is partially illegible due to image quality, with some words and sentences being difficult to make out completely)

The header and two column titles are clearly visible, but the detailed text in the columns is challenging to read in full due to the low resolution and contrast of the scanned document.


- page 74 -

Here is the text I can extract from the document:

BRIGHT LIGHTS NOTED
IN DISTANT SKIES

By S. Grafton Pollexfen

EXCERPTS FROM
THE NEW YORK TIMES, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1966

[The rest of the text is partially legible but difficult to fully transcribe due to image quality. Large portions of the text are blurry and not clearly readable.]

The document appears to be a newspaper clipping from The New York Times dated October 22, 1966, with an article about bright lights observed in the sky, written by S. Grafton Pollexfen.


- page 75 -

The text in the image is largely illegible due to poor image quality and low contrast. While I can make out some fragments and partial words, I cannot confidently reproduce a complete, accurate transcription of the text. The header at the top appears to have some text, but it is not clear enough to read with certainty.

The only clearly legible text I can see is at the very bottom of the page, which reads:

DAILY NEWS COMPANY, LONG ISLAND CITY, N.Y.


- page 76 -

DAILY NEWS SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1966

[Most of the text on this page is too illegible to accurately transcribe. There appears to be a newspaper article with multiple columns, but the text is blurry and difficult to read. There is a rectangular area on the right side of the page that looks like it might contain an image or graphic, but the details are not clear.]


- page 77 -

Name of person taking report: Sgt Cowan
Duty Ext: 260
Date of report: 25 OCT 66
Local Time: 2045
Caller's name: [Redacted]
Telephone number: [Redacted]
Address: Huntington Bnt

Description of object(s):
Shape: Round
Size: Compared to a known object (head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit or basketball) held in the hand at about an arm's length.
Color: Red + Green Blue white
Number: 2
Formation, if more than one: [Blank]
Any discernible features or details: [Blank]
Tail, trail or exhaust, including size compared to size of object(s): Slow (?) Fire
Sound, if heard, describe sound: N/A
Other pertinent or unusual features: [Blank]

Description of object(s)' course:
What first called the attention of the observer(s) to the object(s)?: Huch Enthe in the Area

Page number in top right corner: 433
Additional notation in top right corner: Captn


- page 78 -

U.N. Urged
To Find Out
About UFOs

A memo to the United Nations has been sent by a UN staff member urging the organization to investigate flying objects which have been sighted at the door of the sovereign nations.

While backing other photographic evidence of such sightings, the memo calls on the UN Committee on Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to set up a study group to investigate the UFO phenomenon.

The rest of the text is partially illegible due to the image quality, with some words and lines being difficult to make out clearly.


- page 79 -

Here's the text I can read from the document:

Newsday
Saturday, October 22, 1966

Report UFOs,
Of Some Sort

[The rest of the text is too blurry or illegible for me to confidently transcribe without potentially introducing errors.]


- page 80 -

Here is the text I can extract from the document:

Objects Sighted All Over the Nace

UFO Jumps By Their and Feet on Lt

[Note: The rest of the text is partially legible but difficult to fully transcribe with complete accuracy. Large portions of the text are blurry or faded. Some words and phrases can be made out, but a complete verbatim transcription would require a clearer image.]

The document appears to be a newspaper or report page discussing UFO sightings, with a headline and subheadline visible at the top of the page. The text is in a two-column format, but the image quality makes detailed OCR challenging.


- page 81 -

The image appears to be a typewritten document page with text that is partially legible. However, due to the low contrast and image quality, some parts of the text are difficult to read clearly. I can make out some words and fragments, but cannot confidently reproduce the full text without potentially introducing errors. The document seems to be a report or narrative with text on both the left and right sides of the page.


- page 82 -

23 - 31 OCTOBER 1966 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                   OBSERVER           EVALUATION

23      Seymour Johnson AFB, North Carolina         Multiple           Other (UNID)
23      Dayton, Ohio                                Multiple           Astro (CAPELLA)
24      Dayton, Ohio                                                   Insufficient Data
24      Dayton, Ohio                                                   Astro (JUPITER)
24      Blytheville, Arkansas                                          Satellite (ECHO II)
24      Diamond Springs, California                                    Possible Aircraft
24      Centerville, Ohio                                              Astro (CAPELLA)
25      Bellbrook, Ohio                                                Possible Aircraft
25      Guadalupe, Arizona                          Multiple           Possible Aircraft
25      Dayton, Ohio                                                   Astro (CAPELLA)
26      Casey, Illinois                                                Possible Aircraft
26      Longmont, Colorado                          Multiple           Astro (CAPELLA)
26      New Rochelle, New York                      Multiple           Possible Aircraft
26      Winona, Mississippi                         Multiple           Astro (CAPELLA)
26      Syracuse, New York                          (PHOTOS)           1. Vis: Insufficient
                                                                       2. Photo: Insufficient
                                                                       Insufficient Data
26      Massillon, Ohio                                                UNIDENTIFIED
26      Cold Bay AFS, Alaska                                           Insufficient Data
26      Bellbrook, Ohio                                                Insufficient Data
27      Dayton, Ohio                                                   Insufficient Data
27      Beavercreek, Ohio                                              Insufficient Data
27      Cloverdale, Ohio                                               Astro (VENUS)

23      Atlanta, Georgia                            Multiple           Insufficient Data
23      Jefferson, New York                                            Possible Aircraft
23      Hankins, New York                                              Astro (ARCTURUS)
23-31   Washington, D.C.                            Multiple           Astro (METEOR)
29      Atlanta, Georgia                            Multiple           Possible Aircraft
29      Springfield, Ohio                           Multiple           Afterburner
29      St. Louis, Missouri                         (PHOTOS)           Vis: Astro (JUPITER)
                                                                       Photo: Astro (JUPITER)
30      Cherry Hill, New Jersey                                        Insufficient Data
30      Minneapolis, Minnesota                      Multiple           Insufficient Data
30      Youngsville, New York                                          Astro (ARCTURUS)
30      West Chester, Pennsylvania                  Multiple           /Other (CONFLICTING DA
30      Chicago, Illinois                                              Possible Aircraft
30      Roscoe, New York                            (PHOTOS)           Possible Aircraft
30      West Hyattsville, Maryland                                     Vis: Insufficient Dat
                                                                       Photo: Insufficient Da

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                   SOURCE             EVALUATION

23      Toronto, Ontario
23      Fort Rucker, Alabama
23      Lansing, Indiana
23      Lawrence, Massachusetts
30      Virgin Islands


- page 83 -

Angle of elevation. (The horizon is 0°elevation. Directly over the observer's head is 90°elevation. The object must appear within this 0° - 90° range). 45° EL

Azimuth (which direction on the compass was it headed)? North is 360°, East is 90°, South is 180°, West is 270°. 45° AZ

Angle of elevation and azimuth upon disappearance.

Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
UP & DOWN

How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the North, etc.)
WENT UP THEN NEW DOWN TO THE SOUTH

How long was (were) the object(s) visible? Be specific - five minutes, one hour, etc.) 30 MIN

Manner of Observation:
Use one or any combination of the following items: ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar).

Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof. N/A

[A boxed section reads:]
THIS QUESTION IS NOT PERTINENT WHEN CALLER IS A CIVILIAN.
COMPLETE ONLY IF REPORTED BY A PILOT.

[The rest of the form contains blank spaces for additional information about aircraft, date, time, and light conditions.]


- page 84 -

