Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
12 June 1966 12/0602

2. LOCATION
Petersburg, Virginia

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Satellite ✓ Jud. Check not shed.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 Minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted object larger in size but not as brilliant as
bright star. The whole object appeared to be a dull
reddish orange color changed intensity from nearer all red to
all orange and back again, Did not appear to follow curvature
of the earth as a plane would. Grew faint until lost in the
distance. Progressed overhead and disappeared in the distance.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
WSW to ENE

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may report information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME [redacted]
SIGNATURE [redacted]
DATE 6/12/66

[Handwritten text:]
I was walking out the back door of my home to my garage. Turned out looked up west upon calming sky. Cuhill is a habit of mind I noticed a distant large object progressing toward me, from approximately W.S.W. large in size like Venus usually appears. IT progressed out head and off into the distance E.N.E. As it went away from me it appeared to slow to a stop gradually get smaller off some line. Evidently it was pulling directly away from my line of sight. IT did not give an lose altitude after becoming within about 30° of the horizon.

The sky was well clear (no moon) from western sector. The sky after getting into Eastern sector the sky became more after bright, stars could vaguely be seen. The U.F.O. moved only a bit, while the haze to begin with was at first it was at appeal to fly under the haze to begin with distance, it could have gone into the distance from here.


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day 6 Month 1966 Year

2. Time of day: 20 Hour 20 Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Petersburg
City or Town: Petersburg State or Country: Va.

Additional remarks:

5. How long was object in sight? 5 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                   NIGHT
a. Bright                             a. Bright
b. Cloudy                             b. Cloudy with some hazy patches

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
b. In back of you                     e. Overhead
c. To your right                      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD JUL 61 164    This form supersedes ATIC 164, Feb 60, which is obsolete.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. The object appeared:
(Circle One): a. As a light b. Shiny c. Dark d. Don't remember

10. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
Larger in size but not as brilliant. Pinkish orange in color.

11. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't Know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't Know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't Know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't Know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't Know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't Know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't Know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't Know

12. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

13. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: the night sky way bright (sky light) except toward the west low sky apparent hazy light & the bright stars then

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other Normal vision 20-20


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound    No sound could be heard
b. Color    dull yellowish orange

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

WSW → ENE
(Approximate)

18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
               b. Like a bright star
               c. Sharply outlined
               d. Don't remember

e. Other: the whole object appeared to be dull white with orange color changed intensity from near all red to all orange and back again

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The document appears to be a page from a UFO sighting report form with handwritten responses.]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Did not appear to follow curvature of the earth as a plane would. As it went into the distance, it appeared to stand still but kept getting further, maintaining a constant distance between it and horizon.

21. How large did the object appear to you compared to an object with which you are familiar?
About the size of Venus only small cluster in brightness.

22. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Probably all of it.

23. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Grew fainter until lost in the distance. Similar to a jet exhaust.

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
It was just about the size and brightness of a jet exhaust at low altitude. Counted 2,000 ft. The difference being that you could see it coming and going and also the color was right.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other Suburban Area

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
Walked out the back door at my home. Scanned the sky as I usually do. Saw the object coming out of the sky. Was going out to my garage to place a large club toy net.

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
e. South
b. Northeast
d. Southeast
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
e. South
b. Northeast
d. Southeast
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
e. South
b. Northeast
d. Southeast
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
i. Overhead

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was from true North (thru east) and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 260° degrees.
b. From horizon 70° degrees.

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North 350-70° degrees.
b. From horizon 30° degrees.


- page 7 -

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

Page 6


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy in the EAST
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

35. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day         Month         Year
12           6            1966     My wife

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes   No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes   No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
1947 Pisgah, N.C. Approx. same type object. Large circular object traveling swiftly with jets of bluish flame spotting from object. On the ground, could see a bluish flame. At that time I spoke to some people who were there.

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
Having had experience in aviation, the object does not seem to fit any one category. Must have been some sort of flying machine controlled by an intelligence into light being, perhaps from outer space, who knows?


- page 9 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Aerial 600 MPH

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 10,000 to 15,000 Ft.

41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: Rd. Petersburg City Zone State

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
Age 37 Sex M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any education, which might be pertinent.
Aviation Machinist Mate U.S.N. 1947-1950
Eight plane experience
High School Graduate
Possibly insurance sales now

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12 6 1966
Day Month Year

Page 8


- page 10 -

