PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
7 Sept. 66     8/0001Z

2. LOCATION
Dalton, Kentucky

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5-6 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Eastward

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft (possible)     one witness

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted silver object with a red glow at rear pass overhead and took off toward the east. Observer heard a roaring sound and looked overhead and then saw the object. The object took off swiftly at an angle upward and disappeared. The sound heard was described as something between the noise of a plane and a jet plane. Observer compared the object to a huge washtub.

Description is inconsistent with that of an aircraft sighting. A jet aircraft with a afterburner on could have provided a similar description.

FORM
DD 1746 (TDC)


- page 1 -

FTD (JTDG)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
11 October 1966

Dalton, Ohio 44613

Dear

Reference your unidentified observation of 7 September 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient for
evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164
and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the
Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 2 -

COMMONWEALTH of KENTUCKY
DEPARTMENT OF MILITARY AFFAIRS
OFFICE OF THE ADJUTANT GENERAL
FRANKFORT 40601

SUBJECT: Report of Sighting of Unidentified Flying Object

TLD:bc
29 September 1966

TO: AFSC (PTD)
Andrews Air Force Base
Washington, DC 20331

1. Transmitted herewith is written report of sighting of unidentified
Flying object which occurred on 7 September 1966 in Caldwell County,
Kentucky.

2. This report is forwarded in accordance with instructions contained
in AFR 200-2.

FOR THE ADJUTANT GENERAL:

TAYLOR L. DAVIDSON, Lt Col, Ky ANG
Air Admin Officer/State
Office of The Adjutant General

2 Atch
1. Ltr, CD Director, Princeton, Ky
2. Report of Sighting of "Flying
Saucer"

Cy furn: Frederick Olszewski
CD Director, Princeton, Ky

DEPARTMENTS OF THE ARMY AND AIR FORCE
NATIONAL GUARD OF KENTUCKY
OFFICE OF THE ADJUTANT GENERAL
STATE CAPITOL BUILDING
FRANKFORT, KENTUCKY 40601
DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY
OFFICIAL BUSINESS


- page 3 -

SUBJECT: Report of Sighting of Unidentified Flying Object

To: AFSC (TWD)
Andrews Air Force Base
Washington, DC 20331

1. Transmitted herewith is written report of sighting of unidentified flying object which occurred on 7 September 1966 in Caldwell County, Kentucky.

2. This report is forwarded in accordance with instructions contained in AFR 200-2.

FOR THE ADJUTANT GENERAL:

TAYLOR L. DAVIDSON, Lt Col, Ky ANG
Air Admin Officer/State
Offices of The Adjutant General

2 atch
1.Ltr, CD Director, Princeton, Ky
2.Report of Sighting of "Flying Saucer"

Cy furn: Frederick Olszewski
CD Director, Princeton, Ky


- page 4 -

REPORT OF SIGHTING OF
"FLYING SAUCER"

[Name redacted], a ten year old boy, but rather mature and bright for his age, residing at Dalton, Route 1, Caldwell County, called at the office of Civil Defense, Caldwell County, as per request, accompanied by his mother to make a personal report on the sighting of a strange object airborne, in Caldwell County.

On September 7, 1966, at about 6 PM, while riding his bicycle home on a rural route, he heard a noise overhead, which he described as something between the noise of a plane and a jet plane. Looking up he saw an object circular in form, silvery in color, with a setting sun lighting it up.

He was unable to estimate the altitude of the object, but it was plainly visible to the naked eye. He thought it looked like a huge washtub. The object approached him from his right side, slowed down and hovered a few seconds directly above him, then with an increasing noise rapidly started off in a direction ahead of him, at an angle skyward.

From the rear of the object he observed what appeared to be fire coming out like the glow in a furnace. The object then disappeared rapidly from sight.

The boy stated he was scared to death, and his mother stated he was quite hysterical when he arrived home, a short time later.

September 12, 1966.

Respectfully submitted,
Frederick Olszewski
Director, Civil Defense
Princeton/Caldwell County


- page 5 -

PRINCETON-CALDWELL COUNTY
CIVIL DEFENSE ORGANIZATION
Princeton, Kentucky
September 12, 1966.

C3l. Leon J. Reed
Deputy Director
Division of Civil Defense
State Capitol
Frankfort, Kentucky.

Dear Col. Reed:

Enclosed please find a report of a so-called "Flying Saucer", sighted in Caldwell County on Wednesday September 7th at about 6 P.M. It is my understanding that the Air Force investigates such reports, and for that reason I had this 10 year old boy and his mother call at the office to take his statement. I assume you will know to whom, if anybody, the report should be sent.

I may add, that the Sheriff of Caldwell County also saw the object, but his estimate of the object is a "Satellite". A satellite returning to earth from its orbit would in my opinion burn up upon reentry into the earth's atmosphere, but, that is an amateur's conjecture.

With kind personal regards, I am

Sincerely,
Frederick Olszewski
CD Director
Princeton/Caldwell County.

RECEIVED
SEP 13 1966
FO/AC
DIVISION OF CIVIL DEFENSE


- page 6 -

6 Oct. 66

Contact was made with Mr. _______ Goodyear Corp. Akron, Ohio
(216-791-3127) regarding where-abouts of the Goodyear blimp on
6 Sept. 66. The blimp was grounded on 6 Sept. 66. Left Jackson,
Ohio 0915 in route to Louisville (174.4) Kentucky this on 9
Sept. 66.


- page 7 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
7   Sept   66
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of Day: 6:30
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Dalton    City or Town: Ky    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
                    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuous? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 8 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Don't remember

e. Other: [partially illegible text]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response partially illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: [No response written]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: [No response written]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [Handwritten response partially illegible]
b. Color: [Handwritten response partially illegible]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much would have been covered by the match head?
[Handwritten response partially illegible]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with labels W, E, S, and some additional handwritten notes around the sketch]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   (faint handwritten note)

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   No   Yes   (handwritten notes)

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast      d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour. (handwritten note)

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses    Yes   No
c. Windshield     Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars     Yes   No
f. Telescope      Yes   No
g. Theodolite     Yes   No
h. Other ______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

(Handwritten response, partially illegible)

Page 4 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Just one.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document also contains a compass diagram and a curved line diagram showing elevation angles from 0° to 90°.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[Illegible response]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] Dalton City Zone State Ky
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 10   SEX ALL

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[Partially illegible additional information]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Sept 10   1966
Reported to police Sept 10 Franklin Ky. Caldwell Co.
the night it was seen


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   6  27   Oct   1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The rest of the text is handwritten and appears to be a detailed narrative description, but some words are difficult to fully decipher. The text appears to describe a personal account of some kind of sighting or experience, with references to being near a scene, something happening, and the writer's perceptions and reactions. However, without being completely certain of every word, I cannot confidently reproduce the entire handwritten text.]


- page 14 -

7 Sept 66

FTD (TDSIR) AH
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
25 October 1966

Dalton, Kentucky 42407

Dear

Reference your unidentified observation of 7 September 1966. The information which we have received is not suf-ficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 15 -

