The image does not contain any photograph or visual evidence. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report form, with fields for various information such as date, location, conclusion, brief summary and analysis, type of observation, and physical evidence. The text in the image can be transcribed as follows:

1. DATE-TIME GROUP  22 APRIL 65  2300/002Z
2. LOCATION  Walton, New York (2 witnesses)
3. ORIGIN  CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS  1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION  10 MINUTES
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION  GROUND-VISUAL
7. COURSE  N/A
8. PHOTOS  No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE  No

10. CONCLUSION  LANDED (CONFIRMED)  UNREAL

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PTD (TDEW) 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
13 June 1966

Walton, New York  13356

Dear Mrs. Walton:

Your letter of 26 April 1966 to Governor Rockefeller has been referred to our office for evaluation. The event which you described in your letter was indeed the investigation of the meteor sighting which occurred throughout the eastern part of the United States. The meteor in question was photographed and it must have been a beautiful, bright phenomenon which very few people ever get to see.

I am enclosing copies of photos of similar events, but your meteor must have been much prettier than those which have been photographed in the past. Thank you for your interest in reporting this.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
1 Atch
Cy of Photo

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a typed letter or document. I will proceed to perform Optical Character Recognition (OCR) on the text contained in the document:

In reply to your letter dated 26 April 1966 to concerning unidentified flying objects. Mr. Curtis L. Henderson, Director Policy Observatory, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, New York, Foreign Technical Division, ASD (SEFDT), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, Tel. Clearwater 8-7344 or Extension 8-0379.

My copy of this letter, I am sending each of the above a copy of your letter dated 22 April 1966.

Sincerely,
R. J. NICHO

CJAWLGR-Z. Marshall
Caj USAF, Headquarters
Foreign Technical Division
Air Force Systems Command
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing handwritten text.

Walton, N.Y.
April 26, 1966

To the Honorable Commanding
Officer, U.S. Air Force, 
with a Copywriter's Affice Standing
Allowing, New York

Dear Sir: Registration

I have been involved in a incident with a Close Contact with a UFO. I witnessed another round red lighted object and not too long a time ago from my home at 2:15 A.M. in Wallaton, New York, I am convenced it was not a conventional aircraft or any other know object. I would like to report the details of this incident in person to the respective office that handles such information. I would also give you the location and discription of the site were this encounter took place. 
I am hoping you can arrange for a personal interview with me. 
I assure you this information is of a serious nature and of potential importance.
For my safety, I request that the interview be conducted in private.

I await your reply with anticipation.
Sincerely yours,
(Signature)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be a handwritten document or report. I will proceed to perform OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document:

Theres a certain point of the -the reason,- first showed how serious of some ene in the sky, it was only a small object, hovering about 25-30 ft. high, and coming closer. it seemed to be turning real slow, and then got smaller and smaller and went straight up out of sight. it was a clear evening and the object was seen very clearly. i am very anxious to have some recognition of same for clomirians account. 
This information is of any value to whom it may concern, com tacts with same.
Vary truly yours
(Mrs.)

- page 5 -

