PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
20 March 66 20/0515Z

2. LOCATION
Mims, Florida                1 witness

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Unidentified

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
In the NW

8. PHOTOS
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[X] No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted a pulsating light above and to the NW. The observer slowed his car and stopped so that the object could be seen more clearly. The object remained motionless for a moment or so with lights varying quite rapidly in color. After the initial lighting the object descended several times in succession, stopping for about half a minute, then descending again. During the descends neither the intensity nor the pulsation changed, remaining very constant. The object just seemed to disappear in 3-5 seconds in a northerly direction.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

19 March 66
Mims, 
Florida

April 7, 1966

Director of Research
Project Blue Book
SAFOI
Washington, D. C. 20330

Sir:

Although I am perhaps a little behind in making this report, I feel that it may possibly be of some value.

First a little personal background -- I am 48 years old, in good physical health, eyesight is good, a trained pilot (Reserve officer not on active duty), not normally easily excited nor given to hallucinations.

On the night of 19 March 1966, I was returning from the Miami area to my home near New Smyrna Beach, Florida. I was driving north on highway US#1 in my own auto, road conditions were dry with practically unlimited visibility, sky was clear with stars shining although 75 to 100 miles south there had been slight scattered showers; traffic was light and at the time of the incident no car lights were visible either north or south of my position; there were no houses that I could see that were lighted from within; the time was approximately 0015 hours, 20 March 1966. I had stopped just prior to this time at a restaurant in Mims, Florida, to have a cup of coffee and was approximately 2 to 4 miles north of Mims at the time of the sighting. I was travelling approximately sixty miles per hour and had the car window open.

I noticed a pulsating light so above and to my left front. I slowed the car, stopped, and got out so as to see more clearly. The object remained motionless for a moment or so with the lights varying quite rapidly (80 to 100 alternations per minute) in color range of almost white to an intense blue. I estimated the altitude at between 3000 and 4000 feet. With my arm extended the object was covered by the tip of my index finger with lights showing on both sides. The object was indistinguishable, appearing only as a dark blob against the sky and stars.

After the initial sighting, the object descended several times in succession (4 or 5), each time lowering itself approximately 500 feet and stopping for a half minute or more, then descending again. During the descents neither the intensity nor the pulsation changed - remaining very constant.

At what appeared to be 1000 to 1500 feet above the area, the object hesitated for perhaps one and one-half minutes, then accelerated very rapidly in a northerly direction parallel to the highway and completely vanished in approximately 3 to 5 seconds.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

2

The whole episode covered perhaps 4 or 5 minutes. During this time no cars approached me from either direction nor did any pass me in either direction for perhaps 5 or more minutes after the incident.

I believe I have set forth all of the details that I remember. If I can be of further assistance, please feel free to ask. I am employed by NASA at the Kennedy Space Center, Florida.

Very truly yours,

Oak Hill, Florida 32759

KCS:lgs


- page 3 -

