The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a UFO investigation program conducted by the United States Air Force. The document contains various fields providing details about a reported UFO sighting, including the date, time, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, photos, and a brief summary and analysis.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 28 Oct. 66 2300Z
2. LOCATION: Hankins, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 hour
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Astro(Arcturus)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer watched a white changing to red to blue back to white object about the size of a car headlight. The unusual brightness of the object attracted the attention of the observer. The object moved very slowly in an unknown direction. A senior navigator at Stewart AFB believes the witness was observing the star Arcturus.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document page with a form-like layout, likely from Project Blue Book, that is used to record details about a reported UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: Oval shaped
2. Size compared to a know object: About the size of a car 10-12 feet
3. Color: White changing to red to blue back to white
4. Number: One
5. Formation, if more than one: N/A
6. Any discernible features or details: None
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None
8. Sound; if heard, describe sound: None
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): Saw it in the sky
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: 25° elevation, 25° azimuth
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: None

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): VCYO very slowly (2c feet in one hour) direction unknown
5. How did the object(s) disappear: behind clouds and trees
6. How long (were) the object(s) visible: one hour
C. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground visual
2. Optical Aids: binoculars
D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 25 oct 1966 2355
2. Light conditions: Slight light
E. Location of Observer(s): Yorktown, New York
F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: Civilian
2. Name: [Redacted]
3. Age: adult
4. Mailing Address: [Redacted] Yorktown, New York
5. Occupation: Engineer, retired
6. Estimate of Reliability: Competent witness, no known reason to falsify report.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the output of all the text found in the document.

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: Visibility was - scattered clouds
2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office: Report taken from files of 12th weather squadron, Stewart AFB, New York. Report for time in question: Clear, visibility more than 15 miles, winds calm
3. Ceiling: None
4. Visibility: More than 15 miles
5. Amount of cloud cover: None
6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: None
7. Vertical temperature gradient: 30 F per 1000 feet
H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition: None
I. Interception or Identification Action Taken: None

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

1. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting: 
None

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
The object was approximately the same location and direction as described in the previous sighting. It appeared to be the same object observed previously. Due to the lone line of observation it was further determined that the object was most likely due to the lone line of observation rather than an actual star. After consulting with a senior navigator it appears that this star was probable.

John W. Carran 
1st Lt. ACDO

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:
None

- page 5 -

