The image contains a document page from Project 10073 Record. There is no photograph present in this image, only text.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE/TIME GROUP: 15/2032Z
2. LOCATION: TAMPA, FLORIDA 
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 min.
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
7. COURSE: Stopped and hovered, then moved off
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, specifically document 10073. The text on the form provides details about a UFO sighting that occurred in Tampa, Florida. The form includes information about the date, time, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, physical evidence, and the conclusion that there was "no report to make" regarding the sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE, TIME GROUP: 3/26/66, 2002Z
2. LOCATION: Tampa, Florida
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: South to North x 6 West
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: No report to make

- page 2 -

The image appears to contain a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report. There is no photograph included in this document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT
25 April 1966

TO: AFSC (STIG)
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2, the following information regarding reported UFOs is submitted: 

2. Three different UFOs were sighted on three different occasions by the observer in Tampa, Florida.

a. First sighting:
(1) Six (6) objects approximately the length of four (4) head-lights were sighted by the observer on 7 FEB 1966 at 12:02 while walking her dog in the back yard.
(2) The color of the objects was chrome or silver.
(3) There were no discernible features or details.
(4) The objects made no sound.
(5) The observer said objects were moving in a westward direction.
(6) The objects were hovering (approximately) 50 feet above the ground 300-500 feet from the observer. They remained motionless, hovering above the ground for approximately 5 to 10 minutes. The objects then headed west and disappeared over the horizon.
(7) The manner of observation was ground-visual without the use of optical aids.

b. Second sighting:
(1) Object was the size and shape of a Volkswagen car, and was covered with a white about the size of a softball can top.
(2) Object was sighted by observer outside her residence while walking her dog. The sighting occurred approximately 06002 on 11 Apr 1966.
(3) Object appeared to be made of glass, but the observer was unsure of this feature.
(4) Object appeared over treetops heading in a southerly direction.

FIRST IN TAG
ANYTHING HERE IS NEGATIVE

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text descriptions of various UFO sightings.

Text from the document:

(5) Observer stated that the object was brightly lit and moved in a "wavering" motion.
(6) Object disappeared over the horizon.
(7) Prior to sighting the object, the observer said a plane had just seconds before the object appeared.
(8) The object made no sound as it passed 30 - 40 feet above the observer.
(9) The object remained in view for approximately 5 minutes.
c. Third sighting.
(1) Observer sighted 12 four-pointed objects 6-12 inches in diameter.
(2) Objects looked like small, white swirling clouds with lights.
(3) The objects were seen by the observer while walking her dog at approximately 2200 - 0232 on 11 Apr 1966.
(4) The objects appeared in a straight line over the treetops heading in a westerly direction. After passing, 6 objects headed south and the remaining 6 objects continued up the same westerly direction and disappeared.
(5) The objects made no sound.
aids: (6) The observation was ground-visual without the use of optical
(7) There were no other discernible features or details given.
d. The observer was Mrs. [REDACTED] Sr., age 62, a widow, of Tampa, Florida.
e. The weather for the 3 sightings was clear; visibility unlimited except for small cloud cover on 7 February 1966.
f. No other sightings or unusual condition which may account for these sightings is to have existed at this time. There were no other reports from other individuals in this area concerning these objects.
g. No interception or identification action was taken.
h. There is no existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs available.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document detailing a UFO sighting report.

Text output from the document:

3. Mrs. appeared rational at the time of the interview. She is far sighted and has difficulty seeing. It is believed she could have imagined some objects or possibly saw something she thought appeared as she describes. It seems unusual that no other person from the same area (which is populated) observed the same objects. Also, all 11 sightings occurred in the past 3 months.

(The observer's backyard but were different objects with different numbers.)

4. Mrs. has made other UFO sightings while living in Michigan during 1957 - 1959. During this period she sighted 3 UFO's.

It is believed that due to Mrs. poor eyesight and living alone, she probably imagined or thought she saw UFO's or something of logical explanation that her poor eyesight misinterpreted.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WILLIAM H. EVENS, Colonel, USAF
Deputy Commander for Operations

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, with various fields filled out to document a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 17 April 66 17/09002
2. LOCATION: Tampa, Florida (1 Witness)
10. CONCLUSION: SATELLITE
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 - 4 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: SSE
8. PHOTOS: NONE
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NONE

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned document page from the Project Blue Book UFO report series.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
MACDILL AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA 33608

REPLY TO ATTN OF, DD-I-17            18 April 1966

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report

TO: AFSC (STTC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

1. In accordance with paragraph 14, AFR 200-2, the following information regarding a reported UFO is submitted.

2. UFO was sighted by Mr. ____, Tampa, Florida.

a. Description of Object:
(1) The UFO had a stangelike shape.
(2) The size of the object was the size of a star as seen from the ground.
(3) The color was blue and as bright as the North Star.
(4) Only one object was sighted.
(5) There were no discernible features or details.
(6) No trail, trail or exhaust were observed.
(7) The object made no sound.
(8) There were no other pertinent or unusual features about the object.

b. Description of Course of Object:
(1) Four persons were on the scene. Someone noticed a bright, slow-moving object in the sky.
(2) The path or elevation of the object could not be estimated.
(3) Observer did not track the object till it disappeared. He thought it to be a satellite and only observed it for 3 or 4 minutes.

FIRST IN TAC

- page 7 -

The image contains a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document states:

The object was on a steady course - heading SSE. The manner of observation was ground-visually without the use of optical aids. 

The time and date of the sighting were 0900z, 17 April 1966. It was daylight (bright and clear) at the time.

The location of the sighting was made from a swampy area near Route 54, 11 miles E of Tampa. The observers and three other persons were catching frogs in the area at the time of the sighting.

The observers were an insurance salesman in Tampa. Observer was rational and information appears to be reliable.

The weather was clear, visibility unlimited; there was no cloud cover.

No other activity or unusual condition which may account for this sighting is known to have existed at this time.

No interception or identification action was taken. 

There is no evidence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs available.

It is believed the object sighted could have been a high-flying aircraft. The observers thought the object was at 10,232 and the object was estimated to be about 30-40 feet in diameter.

The observer did track the object until it disappeared.

- page 8 -

