PROJECT 1007 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
4 October 66 05/01.02

2. LOCATION
Rochester, New York (3 Witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilians

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
N

8. PHOTOS
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Satellite (ECHO II)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
ECHO II was over (78W 50N) at the time of sighting at about 0133 on a NNE heading.

Observer viewed an object moving in a easterly direction at about 214.0(L). It appeared as a bright white light, similar to a star or satellite. The observer called to his wife and daughter to come out of the house and view the object, when they got outside the object changed to a northerly direction.

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-329 (TDF)


- page 1 -

TDETR/Maj H Quintanilla, Jr/70916/mhs/13 Oct 66

UFO Sighting, 4 Oct 66, Rochester, New York

Hq USAF (SAPOICC)

Reference the attached letter from Mr. and Mrs. regarding their unidentified observation of 4 October 1966. It is felt that they observed the ECHO II satellite, which was passing over the Toronto, Canada area at approximately 213½ EDT.

ECHO II, with a stellar magnitude of -2, would have been easily visible. From Rochester as it passed on the NNE heading. To naked-eye observers, the motion of a bright artificial satellite frequently consists of tiny zig-zags rather than a smooth curve across the sky. This familiar illusion has been ascribed "to the fact that we do not move our eyes continuously, but in little jerks". Fluctuations in light akin to the twinkling of stars can also cause the illusion of zig-zag motion. Indeed, observations show that the fluctuations are closely related to meteorological conditions.

FOR THE COMMANDER

LOUIS DE GOES, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch.
Incl, Mr. & Mrs.

COORDINATION

TDETR/MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR

DATE 13 Oct 66


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

SAF-OICC/cassel/bev/79079/20 oct66

OCT 21 1966

Dear Mrs. [redacted]

This is in reply to your letter of October 8 to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base regarding your unidentified observation of October 4, 1966.

It is felt that you observed the ECHO II satellite, which was passing over the Toronto, Canada area at approximately 2134 KMT. ECHO II, with a stellar magnitude of -2, would have been easily visible from Rochester as it passed on its NNE heading. To naked-eye observers, the motion of a bright artificial satellite frequently consists of tiny zig-zags rather than a smooth curve across the sky. This familiar illusion has been ascribed to the fact that we do not have our usual continuous, but in this case, fluctuating in light skin to the twinkling of stars can also cause the illusion of zig-zag motion. Observations show that the fluctuations are closely related to meteorological conditions.

Thank you for your letter; I hope you will find the above information helpful.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division

Mrs. [redacted]
Rochester, New York 14625

SAF olcc [signature]

[Bottom of page has additional routing codes that are partially illegible]


- page 3 -

Drive
Rochester, New York 14625
October 8, 1966

Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Airforce Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

My husband and I wish to report an unusual object over Rochester on the night of October 4.

first sighted it overhead, moving in an easterly direction, at about 9:40 p.m. It appeared as a bright white light, similar to a star or satellite. He stilled me and my daughter and by the time we observed it, the object had changed to a northerly direction. The change he said was in a general curve but movements were uneven. We all watched it until it disappeared over the northern horizon. (about 9:45).

We would be very much interested if this can be accounted for in a usual way as the object seemed to be moving at a speed and in a manner unlike any aircraft, balloon, etc. known to us.

My husband is an engineer with Xerox, and was an Air Force Radio Operator during World War II. I am presently a teacher in the Rochester school system. We realize this is not a great deal of information, but perhaps it will fit in somewhere with other reports you hold.

Very truly yours,
Mr. and Mrs.


- page 4 -

