PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 10 May 66 10/1755

2. LOCATION: Dobbston, Ohio

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual Bx

7. COURSE: SW

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Insufficient Data for evaluation.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Form 164 requested and request was returned because of no such address.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Dobbston Ohio                10May66             10/175-52

FTD (TESTED)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
27 July 1966

Ashland, Kentucky 41101

Dear Mr.

Reference your unidentified observation of 10 May 1966.
The information in your letter was not sufficient for
evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form
164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 2 -

FTD (TO-
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

Ashland, Kentucky 41101

FTD FORM
JUL 61 383     This form supersedes ATIC Form No. 383, dated Dec 60, which is obsolete.

FIRST CLASS
POSTAGE AND FEES PAID


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

DOBSTON, OHIO                                                10/14/66                   10/14/66

Ashland, Kentucky
May 12, 1966

Project Saucer
Patterson-Wright Field
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

At the risk of being called drunk, crackpot, psychoneurotic, or other unsavory names, I feel obliged to give to you the following true, and, as far as I am able, an accurate account:

About 12:55 noon on the day of 10 May 1966, I was walking west from my sister's home toward my mother's home where I had parked my car. Just about one mile west of Dobston, Ohio on State Route 217. The houses are perhaps three hundred yards apart. A small narrow, concrete bridge is situated between these two homes.

As I approached the bridge, I noticed-or heard-rather a low pulsating humming sound. It was very much like the noise made by a steam bass except that it was pulsating.

I looked toward the sky in the direction from whence it seemed to be coming. That was to the east end above a high hill which belongs to me. There was no plane in sight. In that direction a jet, I then thought, would be outrunning its own sound, so I turned my eyes further west, and there it was.

Traveling along at what I believed to be an altitude of from four to five hundred feet was a rectangular object (It could have been much higher, of course) traveling in a direction slightly south of west. Its color was an amber or light tan. It was actually turning and over and, but at the same time maintaining an even elevation. My first thought was that here comes a booster rocket from a missile, but of course it was not losing altitude.

I yelled to my nephew who was sitting in the family car back at the house I had just left, but he could not hear me. I learned later, listening to a small radio, he was the only witness. I could have had did not materialize.


- page 4 -

Project Saucer
May 12, 1966
Page 2

I then ran to my mother's house, three open the car door and grabbed my 16 x 60 power binoculars.

The object was just the house by this time and behind some maple trees. The problem was I ran until the trees again in view then focused my binoculars on it. It had by this time quite its tumbling and was rolling quite smoothly away.

Around the edges of the object there seemed to be a sort of ripple; it was curved over the top like an open umbrella. Its general shape after it .quit tumbling and from my point of view was like the enclosed sketch. There was no sign of light and the noise I first heard was not audible after I started looking through the glasses. Perhaps it was too far away.

I stared at it for perhaps two minutes through the glasses then in order to relieve my eyes off strain I lowered them. This was a mistake, because when I tried to find it a few seconds later I could not, as a search of the entire western sky was in vain. It was gone.

I have, on occasion, been able with these glasses to see an aeroplane three minutes before it was visible to my naked eye. This UFO undoubtedly came down, became invisible, or left at fantastic speed.

The past thirty-six hours have been spent trying to think of an explanation. A swarm of bees (it was the right color and they would go in a straight line) was my first consideration, but a call to the weather bureau at Chesapeake, Ohio reveals that the temperature at noon on that date was fifty degrees. That is entirely too cold for bees activity. Such an altitude would even in warm weather bring them into a temperature that would be uncomfortable. Even blown by the wind might take on an appearance of tumbling.
- I cannot believe that it was a swarm of bees.-

I have not, however, observed a swarm of bees through binoculars here-to-fore, so I have no knowledge of how they would appear. This object was so compact with no irregular or broken edges that a bee swarm would have been very improbable.

As for speed and size I shall let this remain as anybody's guess. Distanceshas much to do with it, so there is little use of trying to give dimensions here. As for speed, it was mentioned at the beginning that it was faster than the speed of sound. Had I kept my glasses to my eyes, I feel confident that I could have witnessed a fantastic spurt of speed.

Finally, but perhaps more significantly than anything else was this observation: The birds of which there are many round about my mother's home, ceased their twittering and singing. Every-


- page 5 -

Project Saucer
May 12, 1966
Page 3

some thing be/actually quiet during its flight over head and for some minutes after its passing. Two crows finally cawed as they flew up out of a pine thicket while pestering a small chicken hawk.

May I further state that I was not nor had I been drinking anything stronger than two or three bottles of sodapop. This I can prove. My sight for distances is 20-25. I have no physical defects except for a bald head and some teeth badly in need of being replaced.

After yesterday's experience, no one will again tell me that these people who report questionable air-borne objects are liars, publicity seekers or what have you.

This report was given orally 11 May 1966 to the Civil Defense and County Sheriff's office, at Ironton, Ohio. I also reported it to the U. S. A. F. Recruiting office at Ashland, Kentucky.

It is not a good feeling to be classified as a dunce, so you must agree that it took not a little courage to approach all these officials with a story disbelieved by so many, many people. Thanks and pointed fingers may be coming our way, but we can always take comfort from the Old saying "He who laughs last, laughs loudest".

You will find enclosed a newspaper clipping which reports other sightings of recent date. My report was not mentioned for publication. I have also enclosed a poor attempt at sketching the object after it quit tumbling.

Very respectfully yours,

[Newspaper Clipping Section]
UFO Reported
By Taxi Driver
Enc. 2
Ironton has another UFO report

Copy to: Port.
Jim Brown, driver of the Safeway Cab Co., reported to The Tribune a short time after 5 a.m. today that he had spotted in the sky "a round object with bright green, silver and brown color." That it disappeared in the direction of Coryville.

Deputy Sheriff Gene Whitlow, who called witnesses when he spotted two UFOs a few days ago, was called to attempt to select the one Mr. Brown saw.
He was unable to do so.

[Handwritten notes on bottom of page are partially illegible]


- page 6 -

