PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
21 July 66 22/0345Z

2. LOCATION
Takoma Park, Maryland

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (AIRCRAFT)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched a copperish colored object with two red lights on top and one white light underneath that came on momentarily. The object was elongated and seemed to reflect the light from the two bright red lights. Object also appeared to have wings protruding from the sides near the rear. Observer lives in a high density aircraft traffic area. The sighting is consistent with that of an aircraft sighting.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
50 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NNE

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

CIRCLE AVE.

CONWAY AVE.

TAKOMA PARK, MD.

White lite under-
weath came on
circa here

I was sitting
here

My wife
was sitting
here

U.F.O. SIGHTING
21 JULY 1966
APPROX. 11:45 PM

10/4/66

Date - Not Exactly

The document appears to be a hand-drawn map showing a location with various numbered addresses and annotations about a UFO sighting.


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
21st July 1966
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 11 45 *
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): (Noted: Within a few minutes after the setting of a nevada sunset with minutes after the setting)

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Sitting in my front yard. (NOTE: See diagram attached)
Takoma Park                Maryland
City or Town              State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain                c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain         d. Just a guess
Approx 50 (fifty)
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By recalculation

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright              a. Bright
b. Cloudy              b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? N/A
(Circle One):
a. In front of you     d. To your left
b. In back of you      e. Overhead
c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 3 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember (with handwritten note: Not in the southwest, west)

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): N/A
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Most options are marked "No" with some additional handwritten notes)

Page 2 is noted at the top of the document.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, Disappeared over the horizon

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: Copperish or pinkish with two red lights on top & one white light underneath, came on momentarily

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
This will be difficult to answer. Using the match stick with an object (a car) at a certain distance (10) at arm's length, the object would cover approximately (that is), that is covered by the head of the match. Approximately.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
[A hand-drawn sketch of various objects with arrows and annotations]

NOTE - ELONGATED BODY
SEEMED TO REFLECT
THE LIGHT FROM THE
TWO(2) BRIGHT RED
LIGHTS ON TOP, GIVING
THE BODY A COPPERISH
OR PINKISH COLOR.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? N/A

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   NOTE: Further than a satellite, or higher than an aircraft.
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors NOTE: See diagram attached
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other In the suburbs

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)   N/A
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No

e. Binoculars       Yes   No
f. Telescope        Yes   No
g. Theodolite       Yes   No
h. Other Naked eyes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Similar to the Pegasus satellite except it appeared to have wings pointing downward. Not a standard satellite. Note somewhat two (2) bright solid lights on top, one at each end.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? N/A
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Never before or since

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
My wife (illegible)
Takoma Park, Md. -20012

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS: Takoma Park, Md -20006
Street                City                Zone         State

TELEPHONE NUMBER                         AGE 46        SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
21st July 1966
Day     Month   Year

CX-7-7204, Base Ops
Andrews Air Force Base
Washington, D.C.

Identity of person who took report is unimportant to me


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    4th    October    1966
                                             Day     Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

At the time I was with XXXX shortly after I made this sighting (during a brief size - ie) "Was the size of a dime." My guess was (incomprehension to dime down) Reason: their best guess was that this was a satellite. However, that this was describing. If you prefer a dime into the sky at the height that this object was, you could not see the dime. When I look up at a star with my naked eye + concentrate on its size, I say to myself that it is approximately two (2) inches in diameter. BUT, if I hold the head of a match stick (paper) which is approx. 3/16 wide, examine length + compare it with the same star that I think is the 1/2 or less in diameter.

Using the above comparison as a guideline and based on a much faded recollection, I would now say that the object saw was approx. four (4) inches long to six (6) inches long as compared to the diameter of a star being two (2) inches long.

When I first saw this object high in the south western sky, I thought it was another satellite. It was high like a satellite + moving, like a satellite, but, instead of being white + round like a star, it was copperish or pinkish in color. The original shape appeared like this.

As it drew nearer, however, I could see that it was definitely elongated in shape (like Agena) appeared to have short wings protruding from its side near the body; and definitely was lighted with two bright lights (red) one facial and one...

I wondered if it might be the Pegasus satellite; but decided that it was too low-to-be Pegasus. My impression

[text continues but is cut off at bottom of page]


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

was that it was too low for a satellite and too high for an air-
plane (or aircraft).

As stated previously, the two red lights seemed to illuminate the
elongated body giving the object a coppery or pinkish color; but
the two lights also acted quite differently when the main body was
brightly lit.

My wife was sitting right beside me. I told her about the object
when I first spotted it, pointed to it for her, but she claimed
that she did not see anything.

I continued to watch the object in amazement. I had never seen
anything like it before or since.

During my little amazement, there for, when the bright white
light (like a spotlight or a flash light) came on underneath
the object when it was almost directly overhead. The white
light went off almost instantly and did not come on again. I
got out of my chair and went over near my driveway and
continued to watch the object until it disappeared over the
horizon in the northern sky.

There was no noise or vapor trail that accompanied the object.
It continued in a steady course across the sky, as said
before, it was too low for a satellite, too high for an
aircraft.

But, the two bright red lights standing out on top at each end
of the elongated sky, its apparent wings near the end and,
most especially, the bright white light that came on
underneath, with momentarily definite, definitely indicates that it
was some sort of flying object.

If you know what it was, gentlemen, I would
appreciate your telling me.

Oct. 4, 1966


- page 10 -

