The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings. The document is a Project 10073 Record, which includes details about a UFO sighting that occurred on October 6, 1966 in Mensey, New York.

OCR output:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
6 Oct. 66 0145Z
2. LOCATION
Mensey, New York
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Several minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
NE
8. PHOTOS
Yes
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
No
10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft (possible)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers noted a football shaped object that was traveling toward the north. Suddenly it turned Northeast, gathered speed and was climbing swiftly, as it turned to form a dark outline against the sky. Observers state that there was a white flash, the football shaped object then disappeared and went upwards very rapidly.

Observers have seen UFOs on other occasions. They appear to be prejudiced against them as they insist to which they say. The aircraft observation.
There are numerous air routes and airports around the area.

FORM
FID FEP 03 0329 (Tre) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a typed text document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters 4603d Air Base Group (ADC), Stewart Air Force Base, New York, dated November 23, 1966. The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 4603D AIR BASE GROUP (ADC)
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK 12550

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 4603DC 

SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO: FTD (AFSC)

The attached report is submitted in accordance with paragraph 8, AFR 80-17.

FOR THE COMMANDER

1 Atch
UFO Report

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that details information about weather conditions and other observations related to a UFO sighting.

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: Fairly clear, a few clouds
2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office: SURFACE 2910 2825 10,000 2835 20,000 2845 30,000 2870 50,000 2740
3. Ceiling: No ceiling, 40 ft
4. Visibility: 15?
5. Amount of cloud cover: Less that 5/10
6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: None
7. Vertical temperature gradient: There was a very strong inversion at 4,900' on this day at this time.
H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition: None
I. Interception or Identification Action Taken: None

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting:

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer: 
I talked to Mrs. ____ for 15-20 minutes on the telephone. She would offer no information other than is presented in her letter. There is no physical evidence with which to conduct an investigation.

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:
None.

Item #4 from Page #4 Cont.: It suddenly hit this white object, at impact there was a white flash, the football shaped object shook and shuddered then it went upwards very rapidly.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document.

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: Four lights in a formation that looked like a football.
b. White Object which looked like a star. 
2. Size compared to a known object:
a. Indeterminable.
b. Indeterminable.
3. Color:
a. Two lights (Front and Rear) were White.
b. Two lights (left and right) were Red.
4. Number:
a. One
b. One
5. Formation, if more than one: 
None
6. Any discernible features or details:
No
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s):
No
8. Sound: If heard, describe sound:
None
9. Other pertinent or unusual features:
None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s):
Observers were getting out of their car and observed the phenomena.
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: 
No instruments were used but it was low and traveling North. It turned North-east and climbing rapidly.
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:
No instruments were used, it was moving North-east climbing very rapidly and faded into a cloud.

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text:

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Football shaped object was low and traveling North. Suddenly it turned Northeast, gathered speed and climbed rapidly (in the vicinity of 45 degree angle). It was sighted for several seconds.
5. How did the object(s) disappear? Moving Northeast, it kept moving Northeast until only its near visible.
6. How long were the object(s) visible? Several minutes.

G. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground Visual.
2. Optical Aids: None.
3. 

D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 0H-52, 1 October 1956.
2. Light conditions: 

E. Location of Observer(s): 
Montsey, New York

F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. VVXXXXX: Civilian.
2. Name: Mr. & Mrs. XXXXXX
3. Age: 
4. Mailing Address: Montsey, New York
5. Occupation:
6. Estimate of Reliability: Mr. & Mrs. XXXXXX claim to be very interested in UFO phenomena. They consider themselves to have training that would classify them as experts in the aviation field.

- page 6 -

