The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 March 66 0h/00z02
2. LOCATION: Oswego, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
10. CONCLUSION: Concluding data
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visually
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. THEN 95 WEATHER: Clear
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
FTD SEP 43-0329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcribing the text:

Commanding Affialrs
Belaire, Ohio 43119
Delphos, New Yoric

On the night of March 4, 1966, two objects that were round in shape and giving off a bright bluish-white light, were observed at about 1900 hours for a period of about two hours by the writer and two flakes, away from school, one of our friends.

It is alleged that we who have means to verify the truth or authenticity of such matters, regard with two solid flashing lights, which seemed to be an aircraft. It was circular in shape, about the size of a penny, and disappeared over the roof of the house. It was in view for only a few seconds.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

The text in the document reads as follows:

"The witness thought she heard a sound, but couldn't make out what she heard. The sound was described as a rumble. We notified the Air Force within the same day, and the object may have flown through its radar. No pictures could be taken. The light was red and appeared to be quite large, and appeared to be some distance away. The object seemed to be traveling at a high rate of speed. The witness could not determine anything else that might indicate what she saw, as she was scared and nervous. Efforts to analyze or interview the witness further have been unsuccessful."

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with several redacted addresses or names.

Please, are our addresses: 
George New York
Towney, New York
George, New york
Towney, New York
Towney, New York

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, which is a form used by the U.S. Air Force to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 3 Day Month Year
2. Time of day: 7 Hour 30 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Address Oswego Oswego New York
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 45 Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? A stopwatch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire about sightings of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcribing the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark  
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star 
c. Clearly outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It appeared to slowly just fade away, going to just a white light, and then disappearing completely.

15. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes. No. Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes. No. Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: A strange, silent, hissing sound was heard.
b. Color: Translucent, pulsating, bright white in color, seen on the horizon.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 2 1/2 times of the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and specifically about trails or vapor trails.
[Drawing shows a single, elongated object with a slightly blunt, curved front and a larger, more rounded back, with a faint suggestion of a vapor trail behind it.]
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Transcript of text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It appeared to slowly just fade away, going to just a white light, and then disappearing completely.

15. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes. No. Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes. No. Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: A strange, silent, hissing sound was heard.
b. Color: Translucent, pulsating, bright white in color, seen on the horizon.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 2 1/2 times of the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and specifically about trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image from the Project Blue Book document. The image appears to be a scanned page containing a questionnaire or report form with various questions and answer options.

OCR Text Output:
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? About 1500 miles an hour.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 100 feet
22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other __________ 
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other __________ 
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No) 
e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Theodolite Yes (No)
h. Other _____________________
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A cup and saucer, with two red lights.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains text and diagrams.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

90° 75° 60°
45°
30°
15° 0°
NW N NE
W E
SW S SE

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses. clemes r. flint cazenovia n.y.
clemes r. flint cazenovia n.y.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 15 SEX F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. on morning of march 23, 1966 at about 4:10 am noticed a bright light going up and down and back and forth for about 15 minutes in a southwesterly direction from my bedroom window. it seemed to be about 1/2 mile away and 50 to 100 feet off the ground. it was the first time i had ever seen anything like this and it seems to have been some kind of unidentified flying object.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Day Month 1966 Year
To the Oswego Police Station Air Base

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 26 March 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: The object was a bright light of a peculiar nature. It remained stationary in the sky about two minutes and then disappeared. We started to drive away and then it reappeared. We watched it for about two blot out the stars, then it disappeared again and we could not locate it any more.

- page 11 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the Department of the Air Force addressed to someone in Oswego, New York, dated March 15, 1966.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

March 15, 1966

Dear [redacted],

Attached is FTD Form 164 which is used for reporting observations of unidentified flying objects. In order to evaluate these reports, this Form should be completed as fully as possible and returned to this office.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
SARA HUNT
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
FTD Form 164
Oswego, NY

- page 12 -

