There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record documenting a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 
7 Aug 66 2:00:12
2. LOCATION
Fairborn, Ohio
10. CONCLUSION
Other (Unusual sun art.)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted object render than the sun that appeared to be higher than 5 clouds. Object larger than the sun. Object was looking southward (telescope was not set yet). The sun rays were more than like through clouds.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically regarding an "unidentified observation" reported from Fairborn, Ohio on August 7, 1966.

The text in the document is as follows:

PTF (TDRSR/Lt. Marley/70016/m/8 Aug 66)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
6 August 1966

Dear Mr. Pngrass:

Reference is made to your unidentified observation of 7 August 1966 which was reported to the Air Force for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTF form VSh and return it to us in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR: PSTR MAY H QUINTANILLA, JR DATED
TEST DATED

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by an observer who reported seeing an unidentified object in August 1966 in Fairborn, Ohio.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information on possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information may be used in connection with evaluation of the reports and may be disseminated to other government agencies or contractors, but will not be published in news releases, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary for further details.

1. When did you see the object? AUGUST 1966
2. Time of day: 7:00 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? FAIRBORN, OH
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Minutes 0 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY b. NIGHT (Clear or Cloudy)
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object: (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember

FTD DEC 55 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

8. If you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. More, c. Less, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Full moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: The object was (blank) than the sun.

12. The edge of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't know b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes/No/Don't know c. ...

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The object disappeared as I stared at it.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES - In front of:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES - In front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound - No sound at all, either coming or going. 
b. Color - Solid white, rather than shining or glowing white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. If you had performed this experiment during the sighting, how much of the match head would the object have covered? 2-3 times larger than the match head covered.

19. Of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or glows, please draw and describe the direction as to show the direction the object was moving. See Pg 7

- page 5 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

The text output from the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) of the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)	Yes	(No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One)	Yes	(No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Near a military installation?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North	c. East	e. South	g. West
b. Northeast	d. Southeast	f. Southwest	h. North

24.2 How fast (approximately) were you moving?	miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)	Yes	No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses	Yes	No	e. Binoculars	Yes	No
b. Sun glasses	Yes	No	f. Telescope	Yes	No
c. Windshield	Yes	No	g. Theodolite	Yes	No
d. Window glass	Yes	No	h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the

Bigger than a comet, particularly thicker and exploded

- page 6 -

There is a photograph present in the image, which appears to be a sketch or diagram related to a UFO sighting or report. The sketch contains a compass rose, angles, and instructions for the viewer to imagine a scenario and draw a picture of the motion of the object(s).

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon. Place a "B" to show the point at which you first saw the object. Place a "C" to show where you last saw the object.
90° 75°
60° 45°
30°
15°
0°
R
N

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were moving.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.

No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their name and addresses:

FAIRBORN, OHIO 45324

32. Please give the following information about yourself. 
NAME [REDACTED]
FIRST NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS FAIRBORN, 45324
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which would have a bearing on this report:

states some unusual or rather interesting in my seeing the object. Perhaps to be seen a neighbor lady. Was to be taken on with anyone else in regard to the observation the object. Any other neighbor who might have seen it also.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 8-FEB-66, OHIO

- page 8 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It shows a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page contains a form or questionnaire, with handwritten answers and two sketches or diagrams.

Text Transcription:
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5 AUGUST 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 9 -

