PROJECT 5073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
P4 March 1966 24/0830Z

2. LOCATION
Lincoln, Nebraska (2 Witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
(INSUFFICIENT DATA) (JAH)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
E

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers noted a round circle or as a ball of fire. It was so hot in the apartment and was so light, the whole apartment was lit up. Object was like a big ball expanding, only the sides expanded and the heat intensity was so great that we could hardly watch it. Many confusing factors are noted throughout the report (date of observance, time etc.).

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    Aug 13   Aug   1966
                                             day    month   year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

My husband sighted it first.
We were both in bed at about
2 or 3:00 o'clock p.m. He woke
up and decided to have a drink.
He saw the place lit up and I thought
he saw the place lit up and I forgot to put out the lights. He trying him
self up he decided upon that drink
and went for the fridge and was in our
kitchen. His exact words were, "Mommy,
mommy, get up. Take a look." He seemed
to be very excited which was unusual
for him. By that time the heat intensity
had reached into our apt and it had
me wide awake. It was as bright as
day yet it was night time and between
2 and 3:00 o'clock at the middle of the night.
It about watched it for 3 or 4 min
in that length of time the sides expanded
and threw off such intense heat that I told
my husband it could hurt you bad & it was
then he took a slow south direction as we
were in mile air. It seemed to be out the moon. This


- page 2 -

The text on the page reads:

"Caused me to believe as if it were a signal at least to me it acted as such."

The page is labeled "Page 8" in the top right corner.


- page 3 -

FTD (TDSER)/14L
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
10 August 1966

Mrs.
Lincoln, Nebraska 68500

Dear Mrs.

Reference your unidentified observation. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 4 -

Lincoln, Nebr
March 15, 1966

Dear Sirs:

After reading your article in the papers I also want to report something that we saw. My husband and I were the only witnesses to it. At least I think so.

My husband woke up one night in the middle of the night our apt. was lit up as if it were broad daylight. My husband thought he had forgot to turn off our lights and called to me to see of what he saw out of the window.

It was incredible. It was like a ball of sunlight only it moved and crisscrossed in the sky and looked like fires. It went from side to side as if it were making some kind of signals. It was in the shape of a round ball as if it were bouncing back and forth. She said nothing to any


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Lincoln, Nebraska

FTDI (TDSTR)/WL
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
10 August 1966

Lincoln, Nebraska 68500

Dear Mrs

Reference your unidentified observation. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

one because we were afraid of
people calling us publicity, thou sow
may be worse, such as crack pots.
But, we know of what we saw
and will stick to our story.
In a way it was fascinating
and we watched it very curiously and
did not know what to think.
Please do not use our names
in print because we still feel that
people would still call us publicity
hounds (or other) and names as well.
We are only two people and
we want to work for a living.
This is not a false report either
because other people have seen things
in the sky too. Maybe they have
felt as we did.

Mrs [redacted]
Lincoln, Nebr

Stamp at bottom:
SUPERINTENDENT
OF DOCUMENTS
RECEIVED
JUN 28 1966
U.S.G.O.


- page 7 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: March 1966 0830Z

2. LOCATION: Lincoln, Nebraska

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: E

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Other (CONFLICTING DATA) (INSUFFICIENT DATA)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observers noted a round circle or a ball of fire. It was so hot in the apartment and was so light, the whole apartment was lit up. Object was like a big ball expanding, only the sides expanded and the heat intensity was so great that we could hardly watch it. Many confusing factors are noted throughout the report (date of observance, time etc.).

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b.(A few)
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a.(Clear sky)
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a.(Solid)
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a.(Brighter)
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
A slight like the sun, it seemed to blot out

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c.(Sharply outlined)
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 9 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?    1 Feb.?    24th March 1966
                                    Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: between 7 and 8 o'clock
                 Hour    Minutes   (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                            b. Central                   b. Standard
                            c. Mountain
                            d. Pacific
                            e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   Lincoln   Lancaster   Nebr.
   City or Town         State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    1/2    30    
                                   Hours   Minutes   Seconds

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY                 NIGHT
   a. Bright           a. Bright
   b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
                 b. In back of you     e. Overhead
                 c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   (Yes)   No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was?   30 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ____________
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b.(In the residential section of a city?)
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast      d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No     c. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses    Yes   No     f. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield     Yes   No     g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d.(Window glass)  Yes   No     h. Other ____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

As a round circle or as a ball of fire. Heat intensity & it was so hot in our apt. we thought at first all of our lights were on. But it was quite a dark & seemed 20 feet out the same.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes. Like a bright circle, its brightness and grew slowly bigger and bigger it grew then very slowly it moved and if it were a point to hanging mid air

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (NO) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (NO) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound No sound except a low hum at heat
b. Color As a ball of fire, intense intensity

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Heat intensity alone or angular shape would have lit the match; if upper half alone

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

East ←                                                                                   South ↓

[A hand-drawn sketch shows two circular objects, with notes: "Sideprotruded", "Round as a moon", "only half its size"]


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO and if we ever don't let you know immediately. Even if I have to call you long distance.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   (No)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:   only my husband and I know it that I know of.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS   Lincoln   6650   Nebr
TELEPHONE NUMBER   [blank]   AGE 47   SEX Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
None. only observant and frightened with its ourselves. our thoughts were different. Mine especially. my thoughts were. Why us?

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   only to the air
I regret to you have the data to when I sent my letter and one I see. This is a confidential report on our know.


- page 13 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Handwritten: Expanding then south < disappeared in southerly direction]

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Only one
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
[Handwritten: Just one big ball expanding. Only the sides expanded and the least intensity so great you could hardly watch it.]


- page 14 -

The text on the page reads:

"Caused me to believe as if it were a signal at least to me it acted as such."

The page is labeled "Page 8" in the top right corner.


- page 15 -

