Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
28 Dec 66

2. LOCATION
McClellan AFB, California

3. SOURCE
Military

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
None Noted

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
None Noted

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

See an unusual object in
the sky.
I went out and watched
the very small dim-like
orange spot disappear as if
it were becoming from me at
a considerable speed. It took
a good 20 minutes to finally
slow down, then go away.
Its speed of disappearance was
apparently constant (there was no
sudden stop) and I could see
it with binoculars when my
companions had lost it of
the naked eye...
Weather conditions as reported
by local met. office were
thin overcast 10,000' general.
To opacity 10
to 10 cover.
No stars or planets were


- page 2 -

Yours sincerely,

PS. There is a rocket
range here investigating
upper atmospheric etc.
The body was seen in
the direction in which
rockets are fired; of course it
couldn't have been a rocket
since the body was hovering,
as previously mentioned.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Visible at the time.
Calm you please log me
know, by continuing your
wayfactional almanac if
it were possible that this was
a panel. You have the
approximate alt. and A.T
& time. Time is CENTRAL
STANDARD.

Finally my neighbors
claims after all the first sight
the "Craft" appears to be
on the surface.) the boy
and it then took off. I assume
the body observed. I saw
none of this. If you are
interested I can put you in
touch with him.
I have some marginal
experience in am familiar with
technical items already mentioned.


- page 4 -

Committee for Investigation
Unidentified Flying Objects
USAF
The Pentagon,
WASHINGTON DC
U.S.A.

There is also an Air Mail sticker/stamp in the top left corner of the document.


- page 5 -

Proposed reply to letter from G. M. Coles, 13 December 1966

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This replies to your letter of 19 December 1966, in which you requested information on any planets which may have been responsible for your unusual observation.

A review of the American Ephemeris and Nautical Almanac 1965, revealed that Jupiter was rising on an azimuth of approximately 55 degrees at the time of the sighting. Jupiter, with a stellar magnitude of -2.1 on 17 December 1966 would have been quite bright and could have accounted for the observation.

We are filing your case for information purposes only. Since your sighting occurred outside the limits of the United States, We wish to thank you for bringing [illegible] to the attention of the United States Air Force.

[Signatures at bottom of document]


- page 6 -

UFO Sightings

Dec. 19, 1966

Objects sighted at 8:30 P.M. by [redacted] (3 objects), see separate statement; at 9:00 by [redacted] and 7 other people, and wife and daughter, and at 11:10 by [redacted] and wife.

Objects moved from N to S. All objects brilliant orange color. The three objects seen by Petersens maneuvered, changed direction, and speed. Two objects flew together and were overtaken by third object. Then objects dropped sparks, and flickered and disappeared. Appeared as brilliant orange balls.

Object at 9:00 traversed about 45°, N to S approximately and appeared as elliptical sharply defined shape about 1/4 inch apparent length through binoculars. Was surrounded by orange aura about 4 times the size of object. Seemed to repeatedly divide into two objects. Dropped three "sparks" or spheres of yellow-orange light*, flickered, and disappeared about 10° N of Zenith. Visible about 5 minutes.

Object at 10:50 appeared in NW sky about 15° above horizon, moved South. Was fairly brilliant, split into two objects and disappeared. Visible about 1 1/2 to 2 minutes.

Object at 11:10 appeared in NW sky about 30° above horizon, moving South. Followed curved path toward SE. Extremely brilliant orange. Started to fade to yellow and divided into two distinct objects. Faded to almost invisible (through 16 x 50 binoculars), and suddenly reversed direction, became bright yellow, accelerated to meteoric velocity, and disappeared behind house across street. Visible about 3 minutes.

*These "sparks" were dropped one at a time. The first one fell a long way, 15° or 20°. The second and third ones fell shorter distance, but were still visible when object started to disappear. Motion of object was very slow - slower than Echo satellites. Object was brighter than Jupiter, which was in eastern sky, even through binoculars color was about that of burning end of cigarette.

The object changed direction a few degrees several times.

[The document also includes a hand-drawn diagram showing movement paths of the objects]


- page 7 -

Tuesday 12/20/66

5:30 P.M.
Possible UFO - bright orange light, seen through 7 x 35 binoculars, about 25° about N horizon. Motionless - no other lights visible. Disappeared after a couple of minutes.

7:25 P.M.
Seen by [redacted] from [redacted] near 54th street about 35° above E horizon - yellowish gold color -

[A hand-drawn diagram shows the movement and description of the light, with annotations like "got bright and dropped 3 lights, dimmed and then disappeared", "appeared to recede and get dimmer", and "coming toward them and getting brighter"]

Visible for about 15 minutes.

Dec. 20, 1966

8:25 - 8:35
Two objects appeared in North about 30° above horizon about 10° apart. Color was golden orange. Naked eye magnitude about - 10. 0. Objects moved very slowly southward, to a position almost overhead, then stopped dead and hovered motionless for at least 5 minutes. Through 16 x 50 binoculars the objects appeared about 1/4" in diameter, and were sharply defined discs. Around the periphery of each was a row of apparently detached orange lights. The lights were approximately 8 or 10 in number. The extremely brilliant golden orange color was very steady. There was no sound associated with the objects.

About 15 people were in the group observing the objects, including the occupants of two cars which had stopped. In addition to the writer's 16 x 50 binoculars, another observer had 10 x 50 binoculars. Several of the observers viewed the objects through the binoculars. The discs had an apparent diameter, through the binoculars, of approximately 1/4 to 5/16 inch, excluding the peripheral lights. After hovering motionless for 4 or 5 minutes, the object on the right started to flicker violently and dropped a quantity of orange glowing material from its periphery. After several more violent flickers, it disappeared and then became visible again, dropped more


- page 8 -

9:15 P. M.

Two objects appeared in the north, moving toward the south. They were of the same orange color as the earlier objects. These were about 30° apart in the sky. They were still visible when two more objects appeared low in the northern sky.

One by one these objects disappeared, over a period of 5 or 10 minutes. Almost immediately a 5th object appeared, moving more rapidly than the previous 4 objects. It climbed in a stepped manner, turned toward the west, and then appeared as two objects. After dropping some orange particles, or "sparks", it flickered and disappeared. These five objects were seen by twelve observers, and were the last observed on 20 Dec., 1966.


- page 9 -

There is no readable text on this page. The image appears to be a document with a grid of hand-drawn circular or oval-like shapes arranged in rows, resembling some kind of chart or diagram. The image is in black and white and looks like a scanned document with some speckling or noise visible.


- page 10 -

Balloons, Flares Seen As UFOs

Unidentified flying objects reported over San Diego last night may have been parachute flares.

The U.S. Coast Guard reported firing parachute flares over the Coronado Islands, 19 miles southwest of San Diego, from 5:30 p.m. until midnight last night.

The Coast Guard said the flares were dropped from an altitude of 2,000 feet and lasted about three minutes.

ENGINEER'S THEORY
A San Diego aircraft engineer believes that other UFOs sighted in the San Diego area since Friday night are home-made hot-air balloons.

Richard Rios, 32, an engineer at San Diego Aircraft Engineering, Inc., observed the red-orange objects through binoculars and a telescope for four nights.

"Monday night was the best sighting," Rios said. "I observed them through a telescope with a six-inch mirror, a very powerful instrument. They looked like translucent bags of plastic or some other synthetic material with a heat source using below to provide lift."

FRIENDS AGREE
Rios, of 3373 King St., said four friends, all employed in the aircraft industry, viewed the objects along with his theory of their origin.

"During most of the sightings, in the area of Pine Hills, people reported seeing 'small lights' dropping from the larger objects," he said. "I think those are, perhaps, a residue or exhaust from the heat source."

Rios said all the objects he and his friends observed were moving at a speed not in excess of 10 miles per hour. "It's possible someone in the area is sending up fake, home-made fliers."

Storie too, sep. right.
YOUNG
T

"The Toy" originally presented at Go Go for the benefit of the children, Joseph De Rios Pizza House will be his guests must party. The addition of a doll makes a doll for his son to setting for popular in this.


- page 11 -

PAGE 2 RUTAMBA 220A UNCLAS

TWICE BEFORE FINAL DISAPPEARANCE (5X OBSERVED 3 MINS) 110(4) GROUND

VISUAL (2) BINOCULARS 7/53 POWER. 110(4) 2125 HRS. 28 DEC 66, LOCAL

0532 20 DEC 66 (2) NIGHT. 115 MCAFB CONTROL TOWER. 115 WEST DAVID

M. WILLETT AF 14411027, 2633D COMM SQ., AGY JAMES L. LEMORD, AF 19631B

AGE 19, A2C LYNN JOHNSON AF19541162, AGE 19, 110(4) HIGH THIN

SCATTERED LAYER (2) 6002 FT., 215 DEGREES AND 05 KNOTS; 10000 FT., 360

DEGREES AND 35 KNOTS; 18100 FT., 350 DEGREES AND 45 KNOTS; 20000 FT.,

350 DEGREES AND 54 KNOTS; 23332 FT., 310 DEGREES AND 72 KNOTS

(3) UNLIMITED (4) 15 MILES (5) 4/G. 115 HOME. 115 NO INTERCEPTION.

110 ONE OTHER AIRCRAFT (ACCOUNTED FOR) ON FINAL AT MCAFB RUNWAY 16,

3 MILES OUT AND AT 1520 FT. 114 JOSE R. ORTIZ, POLICE SUPERVISOR,

G5-7, MCCLELLAN AFB., CHARACTERISTICS RESEMBLED A MOTOR OR COMET.

NO KNOWN EXISTENCE OF PHYSICAL EVIDENCE. SACRAMENTO POLICE DEPT.

REFERRED PREVIOUS UFO REPORT TO MCAFB POLICE DEPT. SOURCE OF REPORT

WAS FROM BASE OPERATIONS PERSONNEL.

PT


- page 12 -

Official U.S. Air Force

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   1   3   67
                                            Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Both sightings were very warm amid the four altitudes of our area. We were well in the dark looking groundly still position for an object in a period of fifteen to twenty minutes. While it was there for such a long period of time we first - though it was a very high airplane, then a star. We soon eliminated both of these because it suddenly moved away very rapidly and was out of visual contact within three seconds.

We all talked it over and decided:
(1) It started stationary to long to be an airplane, could or shooting star.
(2) It moved away too - rapidly to be a star and airplane, could or helicopter.
(3) It was not a star due to the irregular actions and its appearance again each of which we all agreed upon.
(4) You tell me what it was.
(5) Well argued it was a U.F.O.

Page 7


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Both nights this
Happened at the same
Time and the same
Way and direction

In my opinion it
appeared to be patrolling a
certain area.

The document is labeled "UFO form continued" and is on Page 8.


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. MOVED AWAY

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? NO MORE THAN ONE. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document contains diagrams and instructions for reporting a UFO sighting, with spaces for the observer to draw and mark details about the object's movement and position.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO form continued                                                   Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.    NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    No
    31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)     No
    31.2 Please list their names and addresses:    Don't Know these names.
    WE POOR TALKED ABOUT IT AND ALL AGREED
    AT THE SAME ANSWER IT WAS AN OBJECT
    WE COULD NOT IDENTIFY

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
    NAME: [redacted]
    ADDRESS: [redacted]    EUGENE    OREGON
    TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]    AGE: 30    SEX: M

    Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
    NONE.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    NEVER    PREVIOUSLY


- page 16 -

UFO form continued

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   NO
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Very Far
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
(X) At sea
f. Other [blank]

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ABOARD S. OREGON

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)   a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   (X) Southwest   e. South   g. West   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 28 KNOTS 15 miles/hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   NO
b. Sun glasses   Yes   NO
c. Windshield   Yes   NO
d. Window glass   Yes   NO

e. Binoculars   Yes   NO
f. Telescope   Yes   NO
g. Theodolite   Yes   NO
h. Other [blank]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object with, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
GREEN OR WHITE WING LIGHT OF AIRPLANE


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching if so, how?
YES on 12-21-66 THE OBJECT APPEARED FOR A PICK A 15 TO 20 MIN. THEN SPED AWAY. SAME ON 12-29-66

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   NONE
b. Color:   THE COLOR APPEARED TO BE GREEN OR WHITE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?   ALL

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A small dot/circle is present where the sketch would be drawn]


- page 18 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight—pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. About the same
b. Brighter
c. Dimmer
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: Seemed not defined
(text partially illegible)

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Give up parts or explode?
d. Change direction?
e. Change brightness?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

No   Don't know
Yes  No   Don't know
Yes  No   Don't know
Yes  No   Don't know
Yes  No   Don't know
Yes  No   Don't know
Yes  No   Don't know


- page 19 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
23±29 DEC 1966
Day       Month       Year

2. Time of day: 23:15
Hours     Minutes
(Circle one) A.M. or PM

3. Time Zone:
(Circle one) a. Eastern
            b. Central
            c. Mountain
            d. Pacific
            e. Other: Fiji

(Circle one) a. Daylight Saving
            b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
ENROUTE FROM HAWAII TO SUVA, FIJI ISLS
Nearest Postal Address                   City or Town                   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain    
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? 23-±29 LOOKS AT WATCH

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle one) a. In front of you    d. To your left
            b. In back of you     e. Overhead
            c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FTD GC1 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 161, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[Handwritten text, partially legible:]
Never believe in UFOs. But when I saw this light - the action - this was not another plane. Made myself aware of my situation - looked for several clues - I noticed no object just this white light. Seems down, maybe ago and down possibly near less of just - short of would of tentative special at the left. Bounce some more - then clear up - clearly. Clear at...

[Note: Some words are difficult to make out with complete certainty due to the handwritten nature of the text]


- page 21 -

Text found in the document:

FO form continued

Page 8

[Handwritten text at bottom of page, partially illegible, appears to read:]
+ a/c over 30,000 ft.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

PRIORITY

WPA 239
PTTU JAW RUTKABA 0289 3 S421 6-UUUU---RUEDP17.

DT 3 22:34Z DEC 66
FM SIGMA MCCLELLAN AFB CALIF
TO BUTLEVA ADC
RUTKEBA/4AF HAMILTON AFB CALIF
RUEDP16 AFD TFAPO
RUEDIGA/OSAF
RUEDIGA/OSAF
INTO ZEN/UNIVERSITY OF COLO BOULDER COLO S 32
DT
UNCLAS SIDE 3S965
FORT FTD TFAPO (CONTS) OBAT (MFBOC) OBAT (MFAT-41)
(W) DIE (S) NO FORMATION (X) APPEARED TO BLOW (Y) NO TAIL OR
TRAIL (Z) NO SOUND (2) AT 15 SECOND INTERVALS, 3 TIMES PARTICLES
FELL FROM THE OBJECT AND FADED OUT. (3) FIRST OBSERVATION MADE TO DEN
OPERATORS AND WERE LOOKING UP THIS FIRST BROUGHT OBJECT TO THEIR
ATTENTION (2) FIRST OBSERVED WHEN OBJECT WAS AT 35-30 DEGREES SEND

Handwritten notes on the document include:
- "066" at top right
- "30 Dec 66 23 08z"
- "SET UFO" circled
- "Send 164" on bottom right


- page 23 -

Official U.S. Air Force

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion of the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
By clouds - 10,000 ft

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Page 5


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO form continued                                                       Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Pilot & G-Pilot were there. I was right to G-Pilot near wing. I only know enough to say that the pilot had not been another plane. The altitude was about 32,000 ft. high.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: N.Y. 10326 N.Y.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]    AGE: 41    SEX: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
Air Force WWII. Was at ATIC - Ohio for training. Went to Goast [sic] at time - many years experience.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Signature only]


- page 25 -

UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [Handwritten text partially illegible]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5-6 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) 707
e. At sea
f. Other: [blank]

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other: [Handwritten text partially illegible]

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank]
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other: [blank]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Handwritten text mostly illegible]


- page 26 -

Official U.S. Air Force Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching if so, how?
[Handwritten response appears to say: Faded out slowly about 3-300 ft behind new plane]

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes [x] No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
[Handwritten response is partially illegible]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes [x] No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
[Handwritten response says: Below or on top light]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [Handwritten response] Bright white light
b. Color: [Handwritten response] Bright white light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the match stick the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the match stick would have been covered by the match head?
[Handwritten response is partially illegible but appears to discuss match stick size]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Handwritten response says: Saw no object - just a glowing bright light]


- page 27 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight—pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it Brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other:

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightest?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 28 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please fill out as completely as possible. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 28 Dec. 1966
2. Time of day: 6:30 (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)
a. Eastern
b. Central (selected)
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One)
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Over Detroit Area, Amerigan Airlines Flight 391 to Chicago
(Nearest Postal Address)                (City or Town)                (State or County)

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    1 Hour 30 Seconds
a. Certain   b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Checked Watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?  Yes (checked)  No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright         a. Bright
b. Cloudy         b. Cloudy (selected)
                  c. Dark

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)
a. In front of you   d. Toward left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right     f. Don't remember (selected)

FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 29 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE INFO ONLY
30 DEC 66
BETWEEN LIMA, PERU + MEXICO CITY

St. Boniface, Manitoba
March 21st, 1967.

Gentlemen:

Attached please find photo and story of a high-flying 'phenomenon' sighted near the equator on December 30, 1966 by members of a Canadian Pacific Airlines flight crew.

I do not know if this incident has already been reported to your office, but this story appeared in the February-March 1967 issue of the "Spanen" put out by the Canadian Pacific Railway Co. for their employees here in Winnipeg, Canada. I have read many books on U.F.O. and I am very interested in the subject. Thank you.

[Signature is blacked out]
St. Boniface 6, Manitoba Canada.


- page 30 -

High-flying "Phenomenon" Sighted Near Equator by CPA Pilot, Crew

MEXICO CITY - Unidentified flying objects were in the news again recently as reported by Canadian Pacific Airlines Captain Bob Millbank while in command of a jet flight bound from Lima, Peru, to this capital. He described it as a phenomenon. (See photo on page 13)

In the words of Captain Millbank's report, it was about 2 a.m., December 30, on route to Mexico, when he sighted two lights on the horizon, to the left of his DC-8's nose.

"The two lights were getting farther apart and moving towards each other," he said. "If it had been a plane, perhaps might have been red and white or red and green." But they were both white."

Second Officer Dennis Dahl, Navigator Mike Mole, trainee pilot Wolfgang Poeppel and Purser Joe Lugs were also witnesses as the object grew larger, and at one point seemed to shoot out a trail of sparks like a rocket.

"It seemed to be getting closer," said Captain Millbank, "and we could see a string of lights between the two white lights. It leveled-off at our left wing tip and, in the full moon, we could see a shape between the two lights, which appeared thicker in the middle."

It stayed there for a couple of minutes and then disappeared, the aircraft. Captain Millbank said he didn't believe in flying saucers, but added that the experience was unlike anything he had previously encountered in his flying career.

SPANNER - VOLUME 6 - NO. 2


- page 31 -

Here is the text from the document:

Piccolo Pipe? - This fractioning column will stand 112 feet high with six-foot diameter at base and four feet at top when erected at Imperial Oil refinery at Sarnia, Ont. Built by Reliable Industries of Montreal, it required three flat cars for let-up.

Here It Comes, There It Goes - Three members of a Canadian Pacific Airlines flight crew discuss an artist's conception of an unidentified flying object they sighted recently between Victoria, Lima, Peru, and Mexico City. The object flew beside their DC8 aircraft for about two minutes while the crew watched. One member, Lt. to r. are second officer Dennis Dahl, Wolfgang Poeppel, trainee pilot, and Captain Bob Millbank, a pilot with CPA for the past 16 years. (See story on page 268)


- page 32 -

The text I can see in the image is:

SPANNER - VOLUME 8 - No. 2

The image appears to be a black and white photograph or document page with a somewhat grainy and dark appearance. The photograph seems to show some objects or scenes, but the details are difficult to make out clearly due to the low contrast and image quality.


- page 33 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:   TDET/UFO                                                   30 January 1967

SUBJECT:   UFO Observation, 28 Dec 66

TO:        A2C Lynn Johnson
           AF 19845180
           2033rd Comm Sq
           McClellan AFB, California 95652

           Reference your unidentified observation. The information which
           we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation.
           Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in
           the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation
           to the Air Force.

           JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
           Director of Technology and Subsystems                1 Atch
                                                                FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 34 -

Text found in the image:

SPANNED - VOLUME 4 - No. 2

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing some figures near what seems to be trees or poles, with some cylindrical objects in the foreground. The image quality is quite grainy and low contrast.


- page 35 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 2ND BOMBARDMENT WING (SAC)
BARKSDALE AIR FORCE BASE, LOUISIANA 71110

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DOSL                                                    10 February 1967
SUBJECT: Report of Sighted Unidentified Flying Source

TO: FTD (TDIDR)
     WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

This report will be forwarded in narrative form as it was called in
to a life-witness at Obs. (C), 28 February 1967, and was detailed in
AFR 200-17, 17 September 1966. The telephone call was placed to Mr.
-570-916.

On 27 February 1967 I was visited by [redacted], Ph.D., a
[redacted] at Centenary College, Shreveport, La. Professor at Centenary. He
discussed a sighting made by Dr. [redacted] and the subsequent investigations
by him and I for Willis.

On 30 December 1966 Dr. [redacted] and his family were driving north
on Hwy 79 in Southern Arkansas. The weather was a light rain and drizzle
with a very slight haze around 2015 to 2030, in the dark, there was
suddenly a bright light approximately 62 to 75 yards away, low to the ground
a low intensity to a high intensity (from a dull red to a bright orange)
and remained this same, probably every 5 to 7 seconds. This lighting
effect was visible for approximately 62 minutes.

On one occasion the light turned a bright white and washed out the
automobile headlights, awoke the sleeping children, and forced Dr. [redacted]
to shield his eyes to see the road. The light was very bright and other cars
visible on the road. The source of the light was at no time visible. It
is now known whether it was from the ground or at a low altitude in the
sky and being hidden by trees in the area. The bright light was on
for approx. 4 seconds and after this occurrence, it was gone along
the side of the road, set out, and stood watching the light and stepped
to determine the direction of the source for approx. 5 minutes. At no
time was there any sound associated with this light. (A later call to ask
him now the light disappeared.) The light was not noted in its return
trip 2 days after.

In January 1967 [redacted] returned to draw of the highway and through
triangulating as best he could the source of the light completed his
investigation. The road to be 7 to 1.3 miles. This distance was
with use of later computed arc over the light source is 12 to 1400 megacycles.

Peace . . . is our Profession


- page 36 -

On the weekend of 29 February, 1967 to am not. returned to the area and attempted to energize the shock woods in an attempt to find anything that might be a clue. After a thorough search, nothing was found nolding. The carried a messenger which was also registered reading. It was, additionally, a 3.8 bear for tracking a large scale. After leaving out woods they went to Agnewville, in an area near a large lake. There they talked to some locals, too had seen a bright, strange light just prior to Christmas. The re-ember when it was as close and seen an accident down the road and as they were going, we were some 200 yards from the scene. Dr. Galloway feels that the light which he saw was different from anything he had seen before. It was bright, white, and had no industrial, scientific, or other known cause.

Dr. [redacted] business home is [redacted] and his home address is [redacted] Shreveport, LA. He and Prof. [redacted] places the same office phone. They can neither of them are sure just what the secretary answers when they leave a number to be called. They have not discussed this matter with the secretary, or anyone else. It was way, no a witness to the phenomenon.

Dr. [redacted] and Prof. [redacted] have saved their intentions to remain in the area. One area more than a few miles from the light source. It was too difficult to attempt to locate from the ground.

In line with the above report, I refer you to a letter mailed I forwarded to you in 20 October 1966 which was dated 9/8 20 September 1966 from A.F. Base. We wrote on modern high school, Magnesville, LA. Stationary. I do not remember the exact trace and location. Possibly forwarded to you by [redacted] but I do remember that he reported seeing something. I think it was a strange light, while in this way to school.

Dr. [redacted] does not strike me as being the average, impressionable citizen and his sincere and intense interest in this phenomenon which he and his wife witnessed points me to recommend most strongly that the Air Force contact him and cooperate in every way in the effort to find a solution to this unexplained light.

Donald R. Ryan
DONALD R. RYAN, Maj., USAF
Investigating Officer

attached find copy of letter from [redacted] referenced above.


- page 37 -

WOODSON HIGH SCHOOL
BOX 671
HAYNESVILLE, LA.

September 21, 1966

COMMANDING OFFICER
Strategic Air Command
Barksdale Air Force Base,
Louisiana

Dear Sir:

On Monday, September 19, 1966 at approximately 9:30 p.m., a fellow teacher and I were returning from driving the football players home after practice. On our way back we saw an object through and above the trees which appeared to be the moon, but on approaching closer, the object disappeared behind or in the trees.

There was no moon reflection, but it had a reddish orange glow and was shaped in the formed of a quarter moon. It appeared to be about 10 feet in width and approximately 50 to 75 feet in length.

The object appeared approximately 5 miles South of Haynesville, Louisiana, East off Highway 79.

We think this is worthy of investigation.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]


- page 38 -

WOODSON HIGH SCHOOL
BOX 671
HAYNESVILLE, LA.
September 21, 1966

COMMANDING OFFICER
Strategic Air Command
Barksdale Air Force Base,
Louisiana

Dear Sir:

On Monday, September 19, 1966 at approximately 9:30 p.m., a fellow teacher and I were returning from driving the football players home after practice. On our way back we saw an object through an above the trees which appeared to be distant, but on approaching closer, the object appeared behind or in trees.

There was no moon reflection, but it had a reddish orange glow and was shaped in the formed of a quarter moon. It appeared to be about 10 feet in width and approximately 50 to 75 feet in length.

The object appeared approximately 5 miles South of Haynesville, Louisiana, East off Highway 79.

We think this is worthy of investigation.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 39 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDE/UFO                                                                   30 January 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 23 Dec 66

TO:    Msgr. David H. Willett
        AP 1241067
        2033 Comm Sq.
        McClellan AFB, California 95652

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

/s/ JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 40 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

28 DEC 66

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    TDET/UFO

SUBJECT:    UFO Observation 28 Dec 66

TO:    A3C James L. Lenord
        2033rd Comm Sq
        McClellan AFB, California 95652

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 41 -

NO CASE INFO ONLY

SAFOICC/Mrs Cassel/op/T9079/13 Jan 67
17 Dec 66
Coler

JAN 13 1967

Dear Mr.

This replies to your letter of December 19, 1966, in which you requested information on any planets which may have been responsible for your unusual observation.

A review of the American Ephemeris and Nautical Almanac for 1965, revealed that Jupiter, approximately 55 degrees at the time of the sighting, Jupiter, with a stellar magnitude of -2.1 on December 17, 1966 would have been quite bright and could have accounted for the observation.

Since your sighting occurred outside the limits of the United States, we are filing your case for information purposes only. We wish to thank you for bringing this to the attention of the United States Air Force.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Fort Churchill, Manitoba
Canada

COORDINATED BY (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date)
SAFI-C

[Signature]

Good cy - SAF-OIG
Combx cy - SAF-OIG
Reader cy - SAF-OIG
Activity cy - SAF-OIG
Stayback


- page 42 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY
TO: TDBEV/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 17 December 1966

TO: USAF (SAFOIOC)

10 January 1967

Reference the attached letter from requesting information
on an unidentified observation. Attachment Two is a proposed reply.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of a Colonel, USAF]
Director of Technology and Subsystems

2 Atchs
1. Ltr, 19 Dec 65
2. Proposed Reply


- page 43 -

Here is the text from the document:

P.O. Fort Churchill
Winnipeg

16 Dec 66

Dear Sir,
I wish to report the sighting of an object in the vicinity, details as follows:

TIME:   First sight 18:20
        Disappearing 18:28

DATE:   Sunday 17th Dec'66

ALTITUDE: 20° approx
           from horizon

AZIMUTH: 75° approx

SHAPE:   disc approx

COLOUR:  Orange

A neighbour & friends, I was visiting Pinewood on our road. And said he could


- page 44 -

