The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a U.S. Air Force project that investigated UFO sightings from 1947 to 1969.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 11 April 66 12/02152
2. LOCATION: Millard, Nebraska (1 Witness)
3. SOURCE: Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Astro (SIRIUS)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Stationary, Spinning
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: The object was a large red and white spinning light. Observed for 15 minutes and was still visible. The star SIRIUS was in the approximate position of the object.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO reporting document with various fields for describing the characteristics of a reported UFO sighting.

DIYO
Basic UFO Reporting Data and Formats
1. Description of the object(s):
a. Shape: Firm, large
b. Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: Head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length: 1/3 of a basketball size
c. Color: Red and white 
d. Number: One
e. Formation, if more than one: Not applicable
f. Any descernible features or details: None
g. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None
h. Sound, if heard, describe sound: No sound
i. Other pertinent or unusual features: None
2. Description of course of object(s): Moving southeasterly
NO PHOTO IN THIS AREA

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

4. Time and Data of sighting:
a. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 2255/12 AFRI/66

b. Light conditions (Use one of the following terms: Night, Day, Dawn, Dusk.): NIGHT -- CLEAR -- FULL (MOON)

5. Location of observer(s). Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position. In electrical reports, give a position with reference to a known landmark also, such as: "2mi N of Deville"; "3mi SW of Blue Lake." Typographical errors or "garbling" often occur in electrically transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.
EXACT:  39 45N, 192 7W for 38 48N, 102 21W

6. Identifying information on observer(s):
a. Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation and estimate of reliability.
[REDACTED]

b. Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.

7. Weather and winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sighting:
a. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: SAITS

Page 3 - (no further text)

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely containing a detailed form for documenting a UFO sighting.

b. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 16,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000', if available.

c. Ceiling.

d. Visibility.

e. Amount of cloud cover.

f. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located.

g. Vertical temperature gradient.

h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

9. Interception or identification action taken (such action is authorized whenever feasible, and in compliance with existing air defense directives.)

10. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon release in the area which might possibly account for the sighting.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document, likely a UFO report, with text on it.

11. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s). (See Paragraph 16, AFR 200-2).

12. Existence of physical evidence. such as materials, and photographs.

- page 5 -

