PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
7 Feb 66 7/1250Z

2. LOCATION
Tampa Florida

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astro(STARS/PLANETS)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Six

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5-10 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
West, Hovering

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Objects were the color of chrome silver. Hovered above the ground for 5-6 Minutes then disappeared behind the horizon. Objects were probably stars and they disappeared behind clouds. The apparent motion would be caused by the motion of the clouds.

FORM
FTD SEP 61 0-329 (TDE)    1 Witness    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be a very low-quality, heavily degraded document with a grid-like background. Most of the text is illegible due to poor scanning quality, heavy shadowing, and image distortion. While there are clearly text and grid lines present, I cannot confidently transcribe any specific text from this image.


- page 2 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 885TH AIR DIVISION (TAC)
MACDILL AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA 33608

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:   15-DOI                                      25 April 1966

SUBJECT:   Unidentified Flying Object Report

TO:        AFSC (TWD)
           Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio 14433

1. In accordance with AFR 200-2, the following information regarding reported UFO's is submitted.

2. Three different UFO's were sighted on three different occasions by [redacted] St., Tampa, Florida.

a. First sighting.

(1) Six (6) objects approximately the length of four (4) headlights were sighted by the observer on 7 Feb 1966 at 1250Z while walking her dog in the back yard.

(2) The color of the objects was chrome or silver.

(3) There were no discernable features or details.

(4) The objects made no sound.

(5) The observer said objects were moving in a westward direction.

(6) The objects were hovering (approximately) 50 feet above the ground 300-500 feet from the observer. They remained motionless, hovering above the ground for approximately 5 to 10 minutes. The objects then headed west and disappeared over the horizon.

(7) The manner of observation was ground-visual without the use of optical aids.

b. Second sighting.

(1) Object was the size and shape of a Volkswagen car, and was covered with lights about the size of a "coffee can top".

(2) Object was sighted by observer outside her residence while walking her dog. The sighting occurred approximately 0200Z on 11 Apr 1966.

(3) Object appeared to be made of glass, but the observer was unsure of this feature.

(4) Object appeared over treetops heading in a southerly direction.

FIRST IN TAC
Anywhere - Anytime


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

(5) Observer stated that the object was brightly lit and moved in a "wavering" motion.

(6) Object disappeared over the horizon.

(7) Prior to sighting the object, the observer said a plane had flown past just seconds before the object appeared.

(8) The object made no sound as it passed 30 - 40 feet above the observer.

(9) The object remained in view for approximately 5 minutes.

c. Third sighting.

(1) Observer sighted 12 four-pointed objects 6-12 inches in diameter.

(2) Objects looked like small, white swirling clouds with lights.

(3) The objects were seen by the observer while walking her dog at approximately 0200 - 0232 on 14 Apr 1966.

(4) The objects appeared in a straight line over the treetops heading in a westerly direction. After passing, 6 objects headed south and the remaining 6 objects continued up the street in a westerly direction and disappeared.

(5) The objects made no sound.

(6) The observation was ground-visual without the use of optical aids.

(7) There were no other discernable features or details given.

d. The observer was Mrs. [redacted], age 62, a widow, of Tampa, Florida.

e. The weather for the 3 sightings was clear; visibility unlimited except for small cloud cover on 7 February 1966.

f. No other activity or unusual condition which may account for these sightings is to have existed at this time. There were no other reports from other individuals in this area concerning these objects.

g. No interception or identification action was taken.

h. There is no existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs available.

2


- page 4 -

i. Mrs. [redacted] appeared rational at the time of the interview. She is far sighted and has difficulty seeing. It is believed she could have imagined these objects or possibly. But something she thought appeared as she describes. It seems unusual that no other person from the same area (which is densely populated) observed these phenomena as did Mrs. [redacted] as they have occurred quite regularly in the past 3 months. Also, all 3 sightings occurred in the same area (the observer's backyard) but were different objects each time and of different numbers.

j. Mrs. [redacted] has made other UFO sightings while living in Michigan during 1957 - 1959. During this period she sighted 3 UFO's.

k. It is believed that due to Mrs. [redacted] age, her poor eyesight and living alone, she probably imagined she saw UFO's or that she could have seen something of logical explanation that her poor eyesight misintercepted.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
CHARLES J. BOYERS, Colonel, USAF
Deputy Commander for Operations

3


- page 5 -

The image appears to be a heavily degraded document with a grid-like structure, typical of an old microfilm or scanned document. The text is extremely difficult to read due to the poor image quality, with significant noise, blurring, and fading. Most of the text is illegible. There are two holes at the top of the page, suggesting it was stored in a binder or file. The document seems to be a form or report with multiple columns, but the specific content cannot be discerned from this image.


- page 6 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be extremely degraded and faded. While there is a grid-like structure and some text visible, the majority of the document is illegible due to poor image quality, heavy shadowing, and what seems to be significant document wear or scanning issues. I cannot confidently transcribe any specific text from this image.


- page 7 -

The image appears to be a heavily gridded document page with very faint and mostly illegible text. The page is a black and white scanned document with a grid pattern covering the entire page. Due to the poor image quality and heavy grid overlay, I cannot confidently OCR any specific text from this page.


- page 8 -

Much of the text in this document is illegible due to the low quality and faded nature of the scanned image. The document appears to be a grid-based form or report with numerous small boxes and lines. Some text fragments are visible on the left side of the document, but they are too blurry to accurately transcribe. The bottom of the page seems to have some text, but it is also largely unreadable. The document looks like an official form or data sheet, possibly from a government or military source, given its structured grid layout.


- page 9 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality and high contrast of the scanned document. The image appears to be a grid or table-like document with very faint and blurry text. Two oval-shaped holes are visible at the top of the page. Without a clearer image, I cannot confidently transcribe any specific text.


- page 10 -

