Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
30 June 56 01/0532Z

2. LOCATION
Powell, Wyoming (1 witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
E

8. PHOTOS
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Probable Astro (1 MW)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted bright pale green colored object about as arc, as a 20 magnitude star. Object was visible for about 5 seconds before disappearing. Green light appeared to pulsate in its travel. Object compared in brightness, speed and movement to the dim satellite.

FORM
FTD SEP 61 0-129 (TDE)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Date field is blank]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

THIS REPORT IS NOT AS DETAILED AS MIGHT
AS WOULD HAVE BEEN POSSIBLE, NOTED AT THE SAME
[Rest of text is partially illegible]

The page is labeled as "Page 7" in the top right corner.


- page 2 -

The only text I can see on this page is "Page 9" in the top right corner of the document. The rest of the page appears to be blank or too faint to read.


- page 3 -

SAF-OICD/N-P/Mss Turnure/co/T9079/16 Aug 67

AUG 18 1967

Dear [redacted]

This will reply to your letter in which you reported your mididentified observation of June or July 1966.

With the information submitted, it would be extremely difficult to offer much of an explanation. Essential data such as maneuvers, flight characteristics, and duration of sightings are essential in a comprehensive evaluation. Had you reported your observation to the nearest military installation at the time, an evaluation would have been possible.

The local UFO investigator is in a far better position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation. Your information will be added to our present data.

The enclosed Project Blue Book report may be of interest to you.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

BARNETT B. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachment

[Bottom of page contains additional administrative notations that are partially illegible]


- page 4 -

Proposed reply to letter from Gail Garrison, July 26, 1967 (Sighting 1966)

Dear [redacted]

Reference your letter in which you reported your unidentified observation of June or July 1966.

With the information submitted, it would be extremely difficult to offer much of an explanation. Essential data such as maneuvers, flight characteristics, and duration of sighting are quite important in a comprehensive evaluation. If you had reported your observation to your nearest military installation at the time, an evaluation would have been possible. The local UFO investigator is in a far better position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation. Your information will be added to our present data.

The following information on Project Blue Book may be of interest to you. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.


- page 5 -

To Elder Lytle Colby

                                                                        Aug 14 1967
                                                                        July 28, 1967 (Sighting 1966)

Dear Ms.

Reference your letter in which you reported your unidentified
Observation of June or July 1966.

With the information submitted, it would be extremely difficult
to offer much of an explanation. Essential data such as maneuvers,
flight characteristics, and duration of sighting are quite important
in a comprehensive evaluation. If you had reported your observation
to your nearest military installation at the time, on evaluation would
have been possible. The local UFO investigator is in a far better
position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation. Your information
will be added to our present data.

The enclosed information on Project Blue Book may be of interest
to you. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Top of document has a blacked out section]

[First paragraph begins]
just after dark
our attention a [something blurry] Base
[end of first line unclear]

Dear Sir:

Last Summer on a Monday in July 1966, the last week of June, I saw a UFO at west [something] with a [something] at close to 9:00 pm. We were on the [something] with

[Rest of the text is partially illegible due to image quality, with some words and phrases discernible but not complete sentences]

[Bottom of document has another blacked out section]


- page 7 -

SAF-DICC/gssel/bev/T9079/TFeb67

Dear M[illegible]

President Johnson has asked that I reply to your recent letter concerning your unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

The Air Force has the responsibility of investigating UFO reports and evaluating whether such objects pose a threat to our national security. We have been investigating UFOs for nearly two decades and to date we have no tangible evidence which proves the existence and inter-planetary mobility of extraterrestrial life.

In our opinion, UFOs exist as misinterpretations of known natural phenomena or conventional objects.

However, we only investigate UFOs reported to us. I am enclosing PFD Form 164 which can be used in officially reporting a sighting to us. Since you state that you have not sighted this object since the advent of cold weather, perhaps with the coming of spring you will observe it again. If you should see it again, we would appreciate your filling out the enclosed form in its entirety and returning it to us. We could then evaluate your sighting. If we are unable to find a logical answer, then your case will be categorized UNIDENTIFIED.

As requested, I am mailing this letter to your office address. Rest assured that the Air Force takes every precaution to protect those who request it from undue (and unwanted) publicity.

Sincerely,

Attachments- FTD
VB


- page 8 -

Dear Mr. President:

This is my writing this letter
in year on 31,75 you left. morning. This
reason being that I do not want with the
to tell my wife that I am
of such for doing this.

This is to start my stay in
the Columbia county. long I spent at copper
mine, and I don't make enough to
support my family. There are I have
hardly made $3.00 a week I thought I
have to do busy and find work
at home in my field to help
my my field.

This for this is all why I happened
to put in the right light with the Navy.
Now this was in the middle of
your 1946 I was going from the town
to the Danger where I happen to be
of my home and there I saw this
object I don't know what it was in the sky
at that time what appeared to be a something
a unity light or it going and not my place to


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

determined that this was not any ordinary air craft if wing type as it could stay in one place for a long time. As time there on it became a test method of test method to do and by doing it it learned and did it still still still it was the same time time flight is a possibility of our craft that have seen objects in our own right upon sighting it if the story that they is our mysteries or off in far tales that there are points that not now. Because I have only observed this particular as a argument about the story of course it was other air craft in flight some time to believe. These few time the a.f.o. was reported into trying and our investigating into tried to over take them there objects were light to have out there we have to believe this public because it "is" his next thing within then air craft in the same area

Note: The text appears to be somewhat difficult to read and may contain transcription errors due to the handwritten nature of the document.


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

This unit did disappear from my view during the passing of the other aircraft. It disappeared in some location as before after the aircraft we met. I guess this was what started me in to doing what I did. I started trying to sign the N. F. O. with a thick line and I done this for several nights after I notice this unit was appearing close to me in the sky.

I still kept this flight letter going to my wife on the weekend. We had some scared to death because of our children and not knowing what this unit was well at who well into the month of August when I second the 1st of a 1st least made contact. As this design began to fly in a football pattern over my home. Then one night I was signaling at some I am very busy. But I am afraid after I see what you see it will be signaling it again.


- page 11 -

FTD (TDETR)/4
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
12 August 1966

Meridian, Idaho 83642

Dear

Reference your unidentified observation of 30 June 1966. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

a...k & settled it disappeared
from view and I thought that
this was the end of my H. F. O.

Well I see I am busy to tell
you that it was not because I
looked back toward the sky and
there was not 96 feet from where I
stood was the H. F. O. on the
sky at their top flight with
the jet flying on. It was then
that I noticed something big there
was a few have heard people
say that they thought like this
one in fact. Well this I want
tell you that I stood right
where I was and spoke as there
was no sound it all to this
sphere. Which lead to wonder
how it could be still to on
such big because I saw there
it could fly land sight near me
I was not be wondering about the
engine and what I give the big
city & send. So after this I

Note: There are some minor uncertainties in the OCR due to the handwritten nature of the document, but this represents the best transcription of the visible text.


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

it in the sky until the
possible of both were sent it
has gotten cold & have not seen it
and this p.m. was to wondering if
this x.o. could not stand the cold
weather either & came of its
own will so because it was
to call for its pilot. I apply would
of these are forms order appear
well sure I must tell you
may this letter is not long not to
tell a long one anyway. Said my
own to thank will help as all they
do we make your talk small & only
believe me I am small enough
right now you see sir I have a
hunt now see that we doctor come
care and I have to live with it
I can't tell my children about it
at the age of 38 I am hopeless about it
dear sir then I will my employer see it
would be with me right. I have
tried to know many to start
my own business but can't as
they ask for my service soon

Note: The text appears to be a handwritten letter, and some words may be slightly misinterpreted due to the handwriting style.


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Hurlo

I was a comst fall then as
a.m. o.k. in 1956 by Pusident
Eisenhower. I they say time it down
well I haven't been able to do
this. Well enough of that if you
wish any more about this form
Bad here the fire fact of this
letter contains the truth I know
it on the Bible and I have made
up my mind. I had if this memo,
as I was all signed
it will do and I will by my best to
get up to find so I can step this
group, about so r. o.

If you wish to continue me
Please contact me through like
Peter I work. John address is
Columbia county Hwy Dept. Wyoming
Wisconsin. The only reason I able
not to ask to have you contact
me at home is my wife as she list
not want me to as she list.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

because the said "I agree" to be
taught at you it. So also I will
I will from right off. I do not want
any publicity on this. I am only doing
it because no one man can do

I thank you the President
for taking time to send this
Sincerely yours

RR3
Rte W.W.
53 960


- page 16 -

TEST

Observation, 15 Jun 66, Indianapolis, Indiana

Hq USAF SAPOICC (Mrs. Hunt)

Reference the attached letter from [redacted] regarding an observation which to made on 15 June 1966. The following is a suggested reply:

a. Dear [redacted]

The National Science Foundation has forwarded your letter to the Air Force for appropriate action.

Your description and drawing of the meteorological phenomenon which you observed is indeed beautiful. Project Blue Book has not received any other reports describing a similar phenomenon on 15 June.

Thank you for your interesting report.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Ltr, R. Parker

COORDINATION ORIGINATOR:

[Signatures and dates partially visible but not fully legible]


- page 17 -

Indianapolis, 18, Indiana.
June 16, 1966

National Science Foundation,
Washington, D. C.

Gentlemen:

I am sorry I am not a better artist. The attached drawing is a crude replica of the most beautiful morning scene I have ever witnessed.

The moon like a brilliant silvery scimitar clove to a bowling ball of pure ebony. Venus, never lovelier, was as pretty as a newly crowned beauty queen. Strange, but the path of Surveyor 9 was clearly visible, numerous wintery black clouds streaked the western sky. Facing the south, I could feel ever so gently the coming sun on my left cheek, but the chilly bite of winter on my right cheek.

I was wondering if perhaps you had any reports from stationary meteorologists witnessing a similar phenomenon. I saw this at about 4:27 AM on June 15th.

Yours very truly,
Esoterist-Natural Science.


- page 18 -

Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)


- page 19 -

The text found in the image is:

4:21 AM
6-15-66

The image appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram with various light and dark pencil or charcoal-like markings, with an oval shape in the top left corner and multiple elongated, irregular lines and shading across the page.


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE, INFO ONLY

Mrs. Hunt/bp/SAFOICC/72842/26 Jul 66

JUL 2 7 1966

Dear [redacted]

Your letter to the National Science Foundation has been forwarded to this office for action.

We have not received any other reports of meteorological phenomena on June 15 such as that described in your letter. Please see page 10 of the attached report on Project Blue Book for information on such phenomena.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
Blue Book Report

[redacted]
Indianapolis 15, Indiana

[A coordination box is present but mostly illegible]

Record cy - SAF-OIC
Combk cy - SAF-OIC
Reader cy - SAF-OIC
Activity cy - SAF-OIC
Stayback cy - SAF-OIC


- page 21 -

TDET/UFO                                                   13 February 1967

Request for UFO Information

USAF (SAFOICC)

Reference the attached letters from [redacted] and [redacted] requesting information on unidentified flying objects. Proposed replies have been prepared and are with their respective letters.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF                                   2 Atchs.
Director of Technology and Subsystems                             1. Ltr.    26 Jan 67
                                                                  2. Ltr.    29 Jan 67

Handwritten notes:
Top left: 110 Case only 16 June 66
Top right: 18 Jan 68 Haddon Heights, N.J.
Bottom: To Safoic 14 Feb 67


- page 22 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible. There is a large black redaction/censorship mark in the lower right portion of the document that obscures any text that might have been underneath it.


- page 23 -

Proposed reply to letter from [redacted], 26 January 1967

Dear [redacted]

Reference your letter of 26 January 1967 reporting your observation of approximately 300 alleged unidentified flying objects on the night of 16 June 1966. At this late date, a meaningful comprehensive analysis is not possible; however, the information will be filed for information purposes only. A check of our files did not reveal a similar sighting on the night of 16 June 1966.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.


- page 24 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are difficult to read clearly, so I will transcribe what I can confidently make out]

C635

[Partial header text, mostly illegible]

A record was to have been of record in the
[remaining text of first paragraph is mostly illegible]

[Subsequent paragraphs are also largely illegible, with only fragments of words and phrases discernible]

The text quality is very poor, with significant portions being unreadable due to low contrast and image quality. A more high-resolution scan would be needed to perform accurate OCR.


- page 25 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible. There is a small section of text at the top of the page, but it is too blurry and faint to accurately transcribe. There is also a black redacted/censored section in the middle of the page. The rest of the page appears to be blank white space.


- page 26 -

No Case
Incls Only
17 Jun 66

Proposed reply to letter from [redacted], postmarked May 29, 1967

Dear Mr [redacted]:

This replies to your recent correspondence in which you mentioned your unidentified observation of June 17, 1966 and subsequent photographs.

Additional information on your sighting and your original negative are needed to perform a scientific investigation. Also request you clarify the date of your sightings. Request you complete the attached photographic data sheet and PTD Form 164 and return them with your original negative. Upon completion of analysis we will return your negative and print along with our findings.

2 Incl
1. PTD Form 164 w/envelope
2. Photographic Data Sheet


- page 27 -

SAFOICC/JAD/79079/27 Jun 67

JUN 8 1967

Dear [redacted]

This replies to your recent correspondence in which you mentioned your unidentified observation of June 17, 1966 and subsequent photographs.

The delay in reporting your observation prevents a comprehensive investigation, since air activity records are normally destroyed after thirty days.

In the future, if you should observe another unidentified object, please contact the nearest Air Force installation.

For your information I have attached a copy of "Project Blue Book", the Air Force UFO program. Your interest in our program is appreciated.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachment (B3)

[redacted]
Beltville, California 92250

MEMO FOR RECORD: No street address given.

COORDINATED BY: SAFOIC-CC

SAFOIC Coord cy
Chbk cy
Rdrs cy
Acty cy
Bkbk cy


- page 28 -

SAFOIOC/Maj Rodemacher/iad/79079/25 Jun 67

Dear Mr [redacted]:

This replies to your recent correspondence in which you mentioned your unidentified observation on June 17, 1966 and subsequent photographs.

Additional information on your sighting and your original negative are needed to perform a scientific investigation. Also, request you clarify the date of your sighting. Request you complete the attached photographic data sheet and FTD Form 164 and return then with your original negative. Upon completion of analysis we will return your negative and print along with our findings.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments (Photo data sheet, FTD 164 & W-Pat envelope)
Holtville, California 92250

MEMO FOR RECORD: No street address given & he stated that his observation was on June 17, 1966.

*(The delay in reporting your observation prevents a comprehensive investigation, since air activity records are normally destroyed after thirty days.)

In the future, if you should observe another unidentified object, please contact the nearest Air Force installation.)


- page 29 -

United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Holtville, Calif.

Dear Sir:

I have enclosed a photograph of a UFO, that I took on June 17, 1966. I was walking to the Pine Market located on Pine Avenue. It appeared as a small disk, which was probably 150 feet up. I had a camera with me at the time, since I had just got off a trip from Los angles. Please do not use my name if you should have an offer from a magazine company for the photograph.

Sincerely yours,

PS This photo is not a fake but is what I saw.


- page 30 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Partially illegible date, appears to be from 1966]

2. Time of day: [Blank]
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other [partially illegible]

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Location details appear to be partially illegible]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   c. Not very sure
   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? [Blank]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes [circled] No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                NIGHT
a. Bright                          a. Bright
b. Cloudy                          b. Cloudy
[Some additional notes appear to be written but are partially illegible]

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FTD FORM 164 [bottom of page]


- page 31 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):     8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                      a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                     b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                      c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember            d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):        WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                 a. Dry
    b. Hazy                      b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds          c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds     d. Snow
                                 e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                     d. As a light
    b. Transparent               e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                  c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                    d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Text is partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred          e. Other
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                   (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?           Yes    No    Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes    No    Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?              Yes    No    Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                              Yes    No    Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                           Yes    No    Don't know
    f. Change shape?                                Yes    No    Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                            Yes    No    Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                      Yes    No    Don't know


- page 32 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No, it merely changed shape & proportions

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: there was no sound
b. Color: light blue, white, changing to orange & red

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The document includes a hand-drawn sketch with notes about the object's appearance, including "Bright orange here", "Green Haze", and "Third Stage" with directional arrows.


- page 33 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
3   17   1966
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: [Illegible]
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Illegible information for Nearest Postal Address, City or Town, State or County]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours   Minutes   5   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 52 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul. 51, which is obsolete.


- page 34 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [Handwritten response partially illegible]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? CLOSER THAN THE STARS BUT AT LEAST 50-100 MILES

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South         g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [No response]           miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses    Yes   No
c. Windshield     Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars     Yes   No
f. Telescope      Yes   No
g. Theodolite     Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last response is partially illegible, with only fragments of text visible]


- page 35 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 36 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
c/o Stanford University
Stanford, Calif. 94305                     Home Address:                 Ithaca, New York

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 37 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:                23      August      1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Four students from Stanford University's overseas campus in Florence had one to Italy for our vacation. It was our first night out - we were staying in the hotel of a back emphitheatre high in the mountains at Siena. The elevation is approximately 350 meters.

I lay extended. The horizon in the east was becoming light and reddish. I woke up. There was a noise in the bushes at the edge of the amphitheatre and I sat up to see what it was. I turned to look up into the sky and saw turning strange form. It was less bright than a star but lower and more substantial. It seemed to be moving. I said I didn't think so. She lay back calm. I continued watching the view. Suddenly it began to pulsate, growing all at once larger, then smaller, then again large. It was out of full moon. Then it instantaneously exploded into a large ball of fire which was green. It was not circular in shape but was oval. It radiated no sound. The explosion seemed to fade slowly. And then another orange event occurred. I saw it pulsate. I remember similar but out of the same light or perhaps thirty second interval. Briefly said.

All four clouds slow faded (in perhaps 3 minutes) into light white glow. The one passed far to the left towards falling into some other mass.

Now the fourth cloud cleared, leaving what I believed some one or real small spot which if I cannot recall this.

Notes for the substance of this report were made not more than four after the event, on June 19, 1966.


- page 38 -

FTD (TDDET)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
2 August 1966

Villa San Paolo
via della Piazzola 43
Firenze, Italia

Dear Mr

Reference your unidentified observation of 18 Jun 1966.
The information in your letter was not sufficient for
evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form
164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 39 -

TRANSMITTAL FORM - U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
FORM CD-82
(11-15-61)

DATE July 21/66

TO: Project Blue Book WPAB3
FROM: Environmental Science Services
Administration, Office of Public Info.
Bldg. 5, Rm. 804, Rockville, Md.

The attached wound up on my desk --
and I thought that you might be in-
terested. We have no additional in-
formation.

[Signature]
JOHN M. OVERSTREET
Editor, ESSA WORLD

(Major, USAF Ret)

DO NOT USE FOR PERMANENT RECORD INFORMATION


- page 40 -

Florence, Italy
July 14, 1966

United States Weather Bureau
Washington
Gentlemen,

First of all I don't think I am sending this letter to the proper office but I have no addresses with me. Therefore, if you cannot help me, please refer this letter to someone who can.

I am presently studying at the Florence campus of Stanford University. We terminated our first quarter of study on June 16 and began a three week recess. Four of us went to Sicily. On our first night in Sicily we observed a very curious phenomenon for which I would like an explanation.

We were camped for the night of June 18 at Selinunte, the site of the ancient temples east of Palermo. I had awakened. The horizon in the east was just becoming light and pale. I awoke because the sun asked me to wake her to see sunrise. Then I lay down to try to go back to sleep. I heard a noise in the bushes at the edge of our camp and got up to see what it was. I was looking on my back again. Looking at the sky, I was very surprised because I thought I was dreaming. There was a misty shape briefly than well defined, nearby and just above the ground. It was changing shape at about 35 degrees above the horizon. It was "this the moon?" I said I did not know.

She went back to sleep. I looked at the glow. Suddenly it seemed to pull several times, growing brighter, larger and becoming more defined into a round shape about the size of a full moon. Then instantaneous it "exploded" into a large bright orange cloud, not circular in shape but more with a green-tinged fringe. I immediately was another one - smaller, but occurring in the same manner - that appeared a little further east and then another, making a total of four. All four glows faded. In perhaps three minutes the whole thing was over before disappearing.


- page 41 -

Here is the text from the document:

However, I am sure that the account is accurate because I made notes
immediately after its occurrence. It was only because of our continuing
travels that I was unable to write so soon.

Please send me an explanation as soon as you can.

Thank you
Villa San Paolo
via della Piazzola 43
Firenze, Italia


- page 42 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Note one
Pocatello, wisco main.
June 21 1966.

Dear Sir,-

This may have no bearing whatever on the article,... ...Sunday

...I've got to clear myself with friends and relatives after
mentioning hearing voices coming out of the sky between five and five-thirty
Sat. morning.here just might be some connection with these space radios.

I live on one of the highest hills in the Baraboo Range.its a dead end road
with peace and quiet.no so winds but the birds...no traffic.I sleep on inclosed porch
in front of cottage. I live alone all summer out happened to have my nephew and
his son visiting me.They slept in another cottage not far from mine.

I either was awake or the voices woke me.First it sounded like two men
talking out on the road. I said heard no car so it would have been very
unusual for anyone to be walking on this road...as it doesn't lead anyplace.Then
I decided that the voices were not on the road but coming from the sky. The dog
jumped down went to the door. he never barks at strangers.Only greets friends.
so he didn't say anything but he heard them...my next thought was it might be either
a sheriff or the electric flight we...with radios.I got up and look
at out but no one there.went back to bed then heard it again but it seemed to be
coming from the big relay tower at end of my property.I looked at clock and it was
5:30. I was sure no one was working there at that hour. Thought they must have left
so no way open but if so why hadn't I heard before.

these voices so mixed like so and trucks that go around advertising
shows and things.so I never can understand them.Its garbled.

my nephew heard nothing but his cabin is surrounded with trees and bushes.
some way not get through.when I told him he looked like he should send for the
in the short white coats.That is why I must clear myself.These voices were loud
and clear. I asked the man who checked the tower yesterday.he could not account
for it...can't have come from the tower...but could the towers big saucer have
some we have had unidentified flying objects around sin
before my wife in 4 wks...I mentioned we are on high hill.

Sincerely yours,


- page 43 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT    NR 65-44                    PAGE 1 OF 3 PAGES
                                                               DATE OF REPORT: November 1966

SUBJECT     UFO ANALYSIS
LOCATION    LIGAO, ALBAY, PHILIPPINES                          DATE    27 June 1966

AT          ________________    IR          ________________   QUALITY    ________________

1. PURPOSE: To analyze photography of purported UFO's that was taken by Mr. Jose C. Tuclan
to try and define the cause of the UFO's. The following materials were furnished TDDF for
analysis: Thirteen (13) borderless photographic prints. One (1) 13 exposure roll, size 120,
crossed negatives, cut into three sections at frame number 4, and torn at frame numbers 5,
6, and spliced back together at frame number 12. Film is identified as FUJI Safety Neopan
S.O.S. One (1) other dated 16 September 1966 from Jose C. Tuclan of the Republic of the
Philippines. One (1) partially completed PID Form 164.

2. ANALYSIS: Reference: PID Form 164, Section 35, Paragraph 1 - The observer's statement
that it is possible for a photographic film to record objects (wavelengths) which are invisible
to human eye, is completely true in that all silver halide materials are inherently more
sensitive at the ultra violet (short wave length) end of the electromagnetic spectrum.

The film used by the observer has no sensitivity in the infrared region of the spectrum.
This observation is based on the fact that standard films can be modified to extend the
sensitivity beyond about 7500 A.

Reference: PID Form 164, Section 35, Paragraph 4 - If these conditions, i.e., weightlessness,
invisibility, etc., are indeed true, the observer neglects to furnish us with
additional information as to what, when, where, and how to record these
objects, persons, etc. with his camera.

Reference: PID Form 164, Section 35, Paragraph 10 - In this paragraph the observer covers
the statement that he actually and conclusively disprove the film record by stating that
the images were indeed moving lights photographed with a stationary camera.

Following is an analysis of the aforementioned materials:

Frame #1 - The observer indicates in comment 31 messages to be deciphered, and
encloses an area in brackets approximately 2 inches wide. Is this the only message
area, or are no assumptions that all of the "seeing" are messages?


- page 44 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. As a light:
a. Brighter
b. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text appears to be illegible]

12. The edges of the object were (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply defined
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still or move slowly? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly move or stop? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

Page 2


- page 45 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NO. 56-14, DATED 16 November 1966

There are several methods by which this photograph could be made. These methods could have been used singly or in combination:

a. Double printing technique, utilizing a positive transparency in register over the negative.

b. Double exposure technique by first photographing the basic scene then pointing the camera at a black background and somehow randomly moving a small light source across the black background while utilizing a chopper or a continuous motion picture type shutter in front of the lens to obtain the "pulsating" light effect.

c. Recording the basic scene and waiting until lights 1, 4, 2, and 5 are extinguished and then placing one or several small light sources at the scene and randomly creating the camera. Several extremely similar patterns exist in frame 1, strongly suggesting that this may have been the method utilized.

Frame #2 - This appears to have been done with two separate exposures, possibly from two different locations.

Tracking a, b, c, and d are identical in general shape differing only in width. This width difference could be accomplished by using an anamorphic lens on the camera, slightly rotated and imaging four light sources on the ground, opening the shutter and uniformly panning the camera downward. The tracking numbered "2" are identical and appear to constitute a second exposure. These "2" locations are microscopically and photographic analysis of the negative reveals at least four and possibly five images of the moon within the area marked "1" or "2".

Frame #3 - The invisible, transparent, and weightless spacecraft identified as "3" is in all probability an internal camera lens reflection (secondary image) from either of the lights marked "1" or "2". The trace marked "4" could have been accomplished by the aforementioned methods.

Frame #4 - Within the area marked "1" a microscopic examination of the negative reveals several (at least three and possibly six) images of the moon, again indicating multiple exposure.

Frame #5 - No analysis was made of the length of the star trace versus time to correlate the stated exposure time with the actual exposure time. As before, this photograph could be duplicated, with time and patience, utilizing multiple techniques.

Page 2


- page 46 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT    NP 68-44                PAGE 1 OF 3 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT 16 November 1966

SUBJECT: UFO ANALYSIS
LOCATION: LIGAO, ALBAY, PHILIPPINES                       DATE: 27 June 1966

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF:                   IR:                   QUALITY:
P HAS: 500 text

1. PURPOSE: To analyze photography of purported UFO's that was taken by Mr. [redacted] to try and define the cause of the UFO's. The following materials were furnished TDDP for analysis: Thirteen (13) borderless photographic prints. One (1) 13 exposure roll, size 120, processed negatives, cut into two sections at frame number 4, and torn at frame number 5, cut and spliced back together at frame number 12. Film is identified as FUJI Safety Neopan Panchromatic, One (1) partially completed PID Form 164.

2. ANALYSIS: Reference: EED Form 164, Section 35, Paragraph 1 - The observer's statement that it is possible for a photographic film to record objects (wavelengths) which are invisible to the human eye, is completely true in that all silver halide materials are inherently more sensitive at the short wave (short wave length) end of the electromagnetic spectrum.

The film used by the observer has no sensitivity in the infrared region of the spectrum. This office knows of no method by which standard films can be modified in order to extend the sensitivity beyond about 7500 A.

Reference: EED Form 164, Section 35, Paragraph 4 - If these conditions, i.e., weightlessness, boundless, invisible, etc., are indeed true, the observer neglects to furnish us with any detail all all arising from methods of knowing when, where, and how to record these objects, persons, etc. with his camera.

Reference: EED Form 164, Section 35, Paragraph 10 - In this paragraph the observer covers almost any attempt to logically and conclusively disprove these film records by stating that the images were indeed moving lights photographed with a stationary camera.

Following is an analysis of the aforementioned materials:

Frame #1 - The observer indicates in comment 31 messages to be declpered, and encloses an area in brackets approximately 2 inches wide. Is this the only message area, or are we to assume that all of the "tracings" are messages?


- page 47 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NO. 66-44    DATED    16 November 1966

There are several methods by which this photograph could be made. These methods could have been used singly or in combination:

a. Double printing technique, utilizing a positive transparency in register over the negative.

b. Double exposure technique by first photographing the basic scene then pointing the camera at a black background and somehow randomly moving a small light source across the black background while utilizing a chopper or a continuous motion picture type shutter in front of the lens to obtain the "pulsating" light effect.

c. Recording the basic scene and waiting until lights 1, 4, 2, and 5 are extinguished and then placing one or several small light sources at the scene and randomly gyrating the camera. Several extremely similar patterns exist in frame 1, strongly suggesting that this may have been the method utilized.

Frame #2 - This appears to have been done with two separate exposures, possibly from two different locations.

Tracings a, b, c, and d are identical in general shape differing only in width. This with difference could be accomplished by using an anamorphic lens on the camera, slightly defocused and imaging four bright sources on the ground, opening the camera downward. The tracings numbered "2" are identical and appear to constitute a second exposure. Trace "E" is possibly a third exposure. A microscopic analysis of the negative reveal at least four distinct images within the area marked "1" on the print, indicating that at least four distinct exposures were made.

Frame #3 - The invisible, transparent, and weightless spaceship identified as "3" is in all probability an internal camera lens reflection (secondary image) from either of the lights marked "1" or "2". The trace marked "4" could have been accomplished by the aforementioned methods. (see frame #1 analysis)

Frame #4 - Within the area marked "1" a microscopic examination of the negative reveals several (at least three and possibly six) images of the moon, again indicating multiple exposure negatives.

Frame #5 - No analysis was made of the length of the star trace versus time to correlate the stated exposure time with the actual exposure time. As before, this photograph could be duplicated, with time and patience, utilizing multiple techniques.

Page 2


- page 48 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NO. 66-44, DATED 16 November 1966

Frames #6, #7, #8 and #9 - Once again, multiple moon images indicate that several exposures were used.

Frame #10 - In frame number 10, it appears as though the camera was swung to two different light sources against black background in order to make two trackings.

Frame #11 - Two, possibly three, exposures were utilized to make this photography as indicated by the basic background exposure and the two light traces.

Frame #12 - The spaceship is in an ideal location and approximately the correct intensity to be an internal camera lens reflection. The 'lighted door' in the spaceship would correspond to the specular highlight on the front element of a camera lens pointed directly at a bright light.

Frame #13 - This is probably a single exposure since the moon image is smeared rather than distinct as in several of the other frames. Once again the spaceship is probably a camera lens reflection. The door is in the correct position for a specular highlight caused by the light sources to the lower left.

It is the considered opinion of this office that the furnished materials and photographs do not represent imagery of spaceships and that the imagery was deliberately created by the photographer.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:                      APPROVED BY:
CHARLES CHATIN                          WILLIAM L. TURNER
Photographic Technologist                Major, USAF
                                         Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

                                         WILBER PRICE, JR.
                                         Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

Page 3


- page 49 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top Right Corner]
UFOC ENC/1
P-5
[Partially Illegible Additional Text]

[Letterhead with Coat of Arms]

[Date]
5Q September 1966

The Director
Unidentified Flying Object Reporting
Center
Department of the Air Force
WPAFB - 0-5

Dear Sir,

[UNIDENTIFIED WITNESS REPORT - Mostly Illegible]

[Signature]
Russell
[Partially Illegible Title/Position]

Note: Large portions of the body text are too blurry/faded to read clearly.


- page 50 -

Here is the text from the document:

Note: At top of page, some handwritten text is partially illegible.

Wing Commander Mitchell,
Headquarters,
Royal Rhodesian Air Force,
Private Bag 7251,
CAUSEWAY.

Dear Sir,

Wednesday 15th June 1966

The evening of Tuesday 14th June 1966 was a visitor friends at the field Road, Entumbane, with some friends having a drink on the back porch. Before entering the house I noticed a white object in the sky and called my friends attention to it. It was moving in an easterly and in a straight line from the north-east, moving towards the south-west. It was moving quite slowly, about 40 and would have passed below the Southern Cross. The time was 5.07 p.m.

In this matter we noticed another "star" in the same direction. Binoculars were used and the object was clearly seen. It was round and crossed the area of the first 30 and almost at the same angle. It was moving quite slowly and then stopped, then moved on a bit, then stopped again, moving in a jerky manner.

The first one had entered clouds and "went out". The second one continued in its circle and it too faded out. Some time then was 5.10 p.m. The night was clear, no clouds at all, the moon was about 30 up.

These things were very high, so thought of satellites or aircraft. But they were not aircraft as would have been clear then, but the night was and they made no sound. I have seen satellites before and they have always moved in straight lines only.

I have seen a "star" behaving like this before. It was during layover in December last, about 10 or 11.00 p.m. in the same sector. This is not certain as I am not quite sure and will just mention it.

Yours faithfully,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 51 -

UNIVERSITY COLLEGE OF RHODESIA AND NYASALAND

MEMORANDUM:

8:07 p.m.

8:10 p.m.


- page 52 -

30 June 1966 received telephone call from Mrs

Last night, 29 Jun 66 at approximately 3pm this thing parachute
down the corner of St 4 and Hemple Rd. SW of Dayton. right across
the street from where they lives. They went across and picked it
up from the cemetery. Object floated down like a parachute out it
didn't have any strings. It was a rubbery stuff. When it was
billowing down it was approximately 3 - 10 ft in diameter. It
folds real compact so Mrs. Cordell is going to mail it to our
office.

[Note: Some names have been redacted/blacked out in the document]


- page 53 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

(This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.)

1. Photograph
When did you see the object?
27      June       1966
Day     Month      Year

2. Time of day: 9:00        :10
               Hour        Minutes
               (Circle One)  A.M.  or  (P.M.)

3. Time Zone
(Circle One):  a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

4. Location where you saw the object:
Ligao,                                   Albay
(Nearest City)                           (City or Town)

                                          Republic of the
                                          Philippines
                                          (State or Country)

5. (How long was object in view?)         3       hours   minutes   seconds

6. (Was object observed continuously?)    By my time clock

7. (What was the condition of the sky?)
   a. Day                                 a. Bright
   b. Cloudy                              b. Cloudy
                                           c. Cloudy

8. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):  a. In front of you         a. Overhead
               b. In back of you          b. Don't remember
               c. To your right


- page 54 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Metallic
c. Vapor

b. As a light
c. Don't remember

11. It appeared as a light, and brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare approximate size common object:
Is bright as the first quarter of the moon as can be seen in the photographs.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharp outlines
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the color: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear and still at any time?
b. Sudden, and not much at any time?
c. Blink - into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change color?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 55 -

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Text appears to be partially illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: THIS MT N 21 ELK PARK(?) 2 MILES WATCHING THE SKY THROUGH A BREAK IN TREES

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: [No text entered]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [Illegible]
b. Color: NONE WHITE AS CLOUD

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the head?
ALL

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[No drawing present]


- page 56 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were searching? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
I moved behind: ____________________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ____________________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   It's movement are soundless.
b. Color: ____________________

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and tell
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the same
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Please refer to attached pictures.


- page 57 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Please refer to attached photographs.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other On the roof top of my house.

23. Were you
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other In the center of a small town.

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             d. East             g. South             j. West
b. Northeast         e. Southeast        h. Southwest         k. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses        Yes   No             d. Binoculars        Yes   No
b. Sun glasses       Yes   No             e. Telescope         Yes   No
c. Windshield        Yes   No             g. Theodolite        Yes   No
d. Window glass      Yes   No             h. Other Through the use of a camera

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or shape which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 58 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "S" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The page also contains:
- A diagram with angle measurements from 0 to 90
- A compass rose diagram
- A landscape silhouette with a figure on the left side


- page 59 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   (No)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS     Washington     Lizo     Albany     Zone 2     State
TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE  49     SEX  Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Electrical and Auto Mechanic, Radio and electronic service man, amateur photographer.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   U.S. Embassy, Manila, 
    13th     August     1966     Philippines


- page 60 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    16th   September   1966
                                                      Day     Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting/photograph.

1. These UFCs that I have discovered are invisible to our naked eye and can only be seen or recorded through the film of a camera, because the film has a wider spectrum of sensitivity than a human eye.

2. I believe that my discovery is entirely different from the flying saucer stories which are visible and can be heard by so many people who saw them.

3. I believe that these spaceships which are invisible, colorless, soundless and used by these super-intelligent beings who have messages in writings which are too hard to decipher came from another planet. Far more interesting than our cures and are for more interesting than all stories about the flying saucers.

4. Anti-Gravity (weightlessness) - They are weightless and leave no foot prints or produce any sound even while walking on roof tops.

5. They are using light sensitive battery as power for their equipment, because they always look for a source of light, before acting. So when starting their activities.

6. These beings are so extra-intelligent that can give messages or writing or perfect forms written in space with invisible lights or different forms or patterns.

7. Their spaceships are round and transparent ball shape.

8. Two other forms of spaceship are also used besides these ball and air ball invisible to the naked eye.

9. Frequently they used to appear on moonlight nights but solution on this night. During the moonlight nights of June, July and August, 1956 I have taken pictures of them. (U.S.)

10. They walk on light rays usually pulsating lights of different patterns, like ladder like lights, broken low line lights and other forms as indicated in the pictures.

11. They have the precision of an electronic machine while writing in space.


- page 61 -

Here is the text from the document:

12. For an earthman, it is indeed impossible to write in space without being detected or heard and can do any writing in a shift too for a picture taking.

13. As I have studied the many aspects of the photographs re-these UFOs I can conclude that invisibility, soundlessness and anti-gravity can be attained through the medium of light. There is even an old adage that there can be no life without light.

The page is labeled "Page 8" in the top right corner, and there is a black redaction or mark covering part of the lower portion of the page.


- page 62 -

SAF-OICC/Mrs Cassel/bg/7S079/14 Mar 57

Air Mail

MAR 16 1957

Dear M[redacted]:

This replies to your March 3 letter requesting evaluation of the photographs which you took of alleged unidentified flying Objects (UFOs).

Our records indicate that we returned your thirteen negatives, together with thirteen prints and our photo analysis, on February 8. No doubt you have received our letter by now.

We thank you for your continued interest.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Lipa, Alta
Republic of the Philippines

[Bottom of page contains routing/consolidation stamps with partially legible text]


- page 63 -

SAF-OIOC/Mrs Cassel/tp/79079/8 Feb 67

FEB -8 1967

Dear [redacted]

This replies to your December 12 letter regarding the photos of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) which you submitted to us for analysis.

I regret that it has taken us so long, but we have so many inquiries on this subject that we are unable to reply as promptly as we should like.

The photo analysis on your film has been completed. I have enclosed the report, your thirteen negatives and thirteen prints. Your interest in our UFO program is appreciated. Again, I am sorry that circumstances precluded our replying promptly.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments
Republic of the Philippines

[Bottom of document contains additional routing/distribution markings]


- page 64 -

September 16, 1966

Air Force Headquarters (SAFCIIC)
Washington D.C. 20330

Sirs:

I am indeed very glad that my letter to his Excellency President Johnson has been duly attended to that I have acknowledged receipt of a letter signed by William G. Poe Colonel, USAF, Congressional Inquiry Division, Office of Legislative Liaison, dated August 1, 1966 and acknowledged by the undersigned September 12, 1966.

In compliance with the letter, that I furnish the negatives together with the accomplished PTD Form 164 which was sent together with the letter, I am hereby sending (1) roll of film which contains pictures of the UFOs together with their corresponding prints.

For further inquiry pertaining to my findings, please don't hesitate to contact me if you can locate me. For I have a complete file of photographs regarding these UFOs from June, July, and August, 1966. I can again make their pictures in this office upon request. I am sending you 2 rolls of film in accordance with their accompanying pictures, prints are numbered 3 which are probably messages written by these beings which I am referring for your investigation.

In view of the foregoing, I hope I can be of help to your space research through my discovery of these invisible UFOs.

Very truly yours,
Jose C. Jaugan
Licao, Albay
Republic of the Philippines

Encls:
a. 13 UFOs Prints
b. 1 roll of film containing 14 frames
c. 1 accomplished PTD Form 164


- page 65 -

Ligao, Albay, Philippines
March 3, 1967

Air Force Headquarters(SAFOICC)
Washington, D.C. 20330

Dear Sir:

Last December 12, 1966, I have forwarded to your good office a follow-up letter to my previous letter of Sept. 16, 1966, containing my answers to Air Force Hgts. anent my discovery of UFO's here in my hometown of Ligao, Albay RP.

In view of your continued silence regarding my request for proper analysis and deciphering of the somewhat coded messages which these UFO's were trying to impart to me, I have become over restless for the past months and therefore I am constrained to appeal to your office to please send back my negatives which I badly need for my personal research and collection re-these UFO's. I am leaving the prints to your office for further study and research, so that in case you will find some interesting facts regarding the matter, you can easily contact me for proper exchange of views and opinions which will be of importance to your space research.

Sir, up to the present time I have develop a keener interest in these UFO's because there are new pictures that I have taken which were even witnessed by reliable citizens of my town which are really of interest and which delve deeper into this age of modern science and space travel. I am strictly keeping for myself only these discoveries so that I won't fall in the wrong hands, but if you won't even bother sending me your reply to my request for proper analysis, then I will write to any other interested parties which will give importance and valuable these discoveries. I am still giving you ample time to think it over, whether this is a scientific discovery or just a fragment of my imagination because I firmly believe, that this category is not even recorded in your project Blue Book that was sent to me by your office and therefore this I consider a unique discovery which no history and any book of Technology can be used as reference pertaining to these invisible UFO.

In closing therefore, I am still very eager to know your ideas and thoughts regarding my discovery of which I am very confident that in the long run your good office will be able to realize the importance of my discovery to your space program which is costing the U.S. government billions of dollars as well as human


- page 66 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (n.b.)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South           g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest       h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No         e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No         f. Telescope       Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No         g. Theodolite      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No         h. Other ____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last question appears to have no written response]


- page 67 -

Here is the text from the document:

( 2 )

lives. If you think that your office is not in a position to give views and comments on these matters, I will be very glad if you can direct me to the proper authority or office that handles this invisible UFO category. I am

Very respectfully,

Ligao, Albay
Republic of the Philippines


- page 68 -

December 12, 1966

Air Force Headquarters (SAFOICC)
Washington, D.C. 20330

Sirs:

I am too eager to be informed as to the status of my previous letter sent to your good office last September 16, 1966 which up to now has remained unanswered.

Please be informed that our letter of the above-mentioned date contains 13 UFO's Prints, (1) roll of UFO's negative containing 13 frames and (1) Accomplished FTD Form 164. I hope if ever said letter was acknowledged by your good office, the necessary analysis would be performed by competent men of your department so as to clarify once and for all the relation of my discovery to modern science and technology.

During that time interval when I sent my letter as of September 16, 1966 up to now, there are other people who has seen and observed those moving and flying objects whose figures cannot be fully determined. An employee of the Abaca Corporation of the Philippines which is opposite my house has witnessed the landing of their 'space-ship' in my roof top. To erase all angles of doubt I have tried four types of cameras and four different kinds of films, and I have found out that all the results are the same. Up to the month of November I have taken many more pictures of these UFO's and these would be added to my accumulated UFO pictures in my possession. Pictures I have taken last October and November reveals many messages which are indeed very hard to decipher and another moving form registered by the camera seems to change its position and location in the picture.

Sir, if and when you have acknowledge my previous letter, please inform the undersigned as to its evaluation. If there was any uncertainty in order that I be relieved of my worries and uneasiness which up to now is being encountered by me due to your silence pertaining to my request. If ever you are through with my pictures and negatives please spare some time to return them to me as they are part of my precious collections. Again I am willing to send to your good office some more pictures regarding these UFO's taken the previous months of September, October and November upon my request and the full guarantee that they will be returned to me after being evaluated.

In this regard, I hope you will take more interest in my discovery if they are of relation to the present age of space.

In closing I wish you all in your department a Merry Christmas and a Prosperous New Year.

Very truly yours,

[Signature redacted]
Ligao, Albay
Republic of the Philippines


- page 69 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT    NR 66-44

SUBJECT: UFO ANALYSIS
LOCATION: LIGAO, ALBAY, PHILIPPINES    DATE: 27 June 1966

PAGE 1 OF 3 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT: 16 November 1966

1. PURPOSE: To analyze photography of purported UFO's that was taken by Mr. Jose C. Tucian
to try and define the cause of the UFO's. The following materials were furnished IDDP for
analysis: Thirteen (13) borderless photographic prints. One (1) 16 exposure roll, size 120,
crossed negatives, cut into two sections at frame number 4, and torn at frame number 5,
split and spliced back together at frame number 12. Film is identified as FUJI Safety Neopan
S.S.G. One (1) later dated 16 September 1966 from Town of San Jose, Republic of the
Philippines. One (1) partially completed FID Form 154.

2. ANALYSIS: References: FID Form 161, Section 35, Paragraph 1 - The observer's statement
that it is possible for a extraterrestrial form to record objects (wavelengths) which are invisible
to the human eye, is completely true in that all silver halide materials are inherently more
sensitive to the ultra violet (short wave length) end of the electromagnetic spectrum.

The film used by the observer has no sensitivity in the infrared region of the spectrum.
This office knows of no method by which standard film can be modified in order to extend
the sensitivity beyond 1300 A.

Reference: FID Form 154, Section 35, Paragraph 4 - If these conditions, i.e., weightlessness,
soundless, invisible, etc., etc. are indeed true, the observer neglects to furnish us with
any detail at all regarding his methods, means, when, where, and how to record these
objects, persons, etc. with his camera.

Reference: FID Form 154, Section 35, Paragraph 11 - In this paragraph the observer covers
himself by stating that he probably did not photograph anything but states that the
images were indeed moving lights photographed with a stationary camera.

Following is an analysis of the aforementioned materials:

Frame #1 - The observer indicates in comment 31 messages to be deciphered, and
encloses an area in brackets approximately 2 inches wide. Is this the only message
area, or are we to assume that all of the "trackings" are messages?


- page 70 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT                NR 65-44
PAGE 1 OF 3 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT 16 November 1966

SUBJECT UFO ANALYSIS
LOCATION LIGAO, ALBAY, PHILIPPINES                DATE 27 June 1966

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF:                   IR:                   QUALITY:

1. PURPOSE: To analyze photography of purported UFO's that was taken by [redacted] to try and define the cause of the UFO's. The following materials were furnished TDDP for analysis: Thirteen (13) borderless photographic prints. One (1) 13 exposure roll, size 120, processed negatives, cut into two sections at frame number 4, and torn at frame number 5.

2. ANALYSIS: Reference: ATP Form 164, Section 35, Paragraph 1 - The observer's statement that it is possible for a photographic film to record objects (wavelengths) which are invisible to the human eye, is completely untrue. In that all silver halide materials are inherently more sensitive at the ultra-violet (short wave length) and of the electromagnetic spectrum.

The film used by the observer has no sensitivity in the infrared region of the spectrum. This office knows of no method by which standard film can be modified to extend the sensitivity beyond about 7500 A.

Reference: ATP Form 164, Section 35, Paragraph 4 - If these conditions, i.e., weightlessness, invisible, etc., are indeed true, the observer neglects to furnish us with any detail at all regarding his method and how to record these objects, persons, etc. with his camera.

Reference: ATP Form 164, Section 35, Paragraph 10 - In this paragraph the observer covers almost any attempt to "easily" and conclusively disprove these film records by stating that the images were indeed moving lights photographed with a stationary camera.

Following is an analysis of the aforementioned materials:

Frame #1 - The observer indicates in comment 31 messages to be deciphered, and enclosed an area in brackets approximately 2 inches wide. Is this the only message area, or are we to assume that all of the "tracings" are messages?


- page 71 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NO. 66-44     DATED 16 November 1966

Frames #5, #7, #3 and #9 - Once again, multiple moon images indicate that several exposures were used.

Frame #10 - In frame number 10, it appears as though the camera was swung to two different light sources against black background in order to make two trackings.

Frame #11 - Two, possibly three, exposures were utilized to make this photography as indicated by the basic background exposure and the two light traces.

Frame #12 - The spacecraft is in an ideal location and approximately the correct intensity to be an inner camera lens reflection. The 'lighted door' in the spacecraft would correspond to the specular highlight on the front element of a camera lens pointed directly at a bright light.

Frame #13 - This is probably a single exposure since the moon image is smeared rather than distinct as in several of the other frames. Once again the spacecraft is probably a camera lens reflection. The door is in the correct position for a specular highlight caused by the light source.

It is the considered opinion of this office that the furnished materials and photographs do not represent imagery of spacecraft and that the imagery was deliberately created by the photographer.

[Signatures of Charles Champ, Photographic Technologist; William L. Turner, Major, USAF, Chief, Photo Analysis Branch; and Wilber Price, Jr., Chief, Photo Exploitation Division]

Page 3


- page 72 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NO. 56-44 , DATED 16 November 1966

Frames #6, #7, #8 and #9 - Once again, multiple moon images indicate that several exposures were used.

Frame #10 - In frame number 10, it appears as though the camera was swung to two different light sources against black background in order to make two trackings.

Frame #11 - Two, possibly three, exposures were utilized to make this photography as indicated by the basic backing and exposure and the two light traces.

Frame #12 - The spaceship is in an ideal location and approximately the correct intensity to be an internal camera lens reflection. The 'lighted door' in the spaceship would correspond to the angular highlight on the front element of a camera lens pointed directly at a bright light.

Frame #13 - This is probably a single exposure since the moon image is smeared rather than distinct as in several of the other frames. Once again this spaceship is probably a camera lens reflection. The door is in the correct position for a specular highlight caused by the light source to the lower left.

It is the considered opinion of this office that the furnished materials and photographs do not represent imagery of spacecraft and that the imagery was deliberately created by the photographer.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:                      APPROVED BY:

[Signature of Charles Chapin]            [Signature of William L. Turner]
CHARLES CHAPIN                           WILLIAM L. TURNER
Photographic Technologist                Major, USAF
                                         Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

[Signature of Wilber Price, Jr.]
WILBER PRICE, JR.
Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

Page 3


- page 73 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NO. 66-44, DATED 16 November 1966

There are several methods by which this photograph could be made. These methods could have been used singly or in combination:

a. Double printing technique, utilizing a positive transparency in register over the negative.

b. Double exposure technique by first photographing the basic scene then pointing the camera at a black background and somehow randomly moving a small light source across the black background while utilizing a chopper or a continuous picture type shutter in front of the lens to obtain the "pulsating" light effect.

c. Recording the basic scene and waiting until lights 1, 4, 2, and 5 are extinguished and then placing one or several small light sources at the scene and randomly grating the camera. Several extremely similar patterns exist in frame 1, strongly suggesting that this may have been the method utilized.

Frame #2 - This appears to have been done with two separate exposures, possibly from two different locations.

Tracings a, b, c, and d are identical in general shape differing only in width. This width difference could be accomplished by using an anamorphic lens on the camera, slightly tilting the camera downward, or by using a ground glass shutter and uniformly panning the camera downward. The tracings numbered "2" are identical and appear to constitute a second exposure. A microscopic analysis of the negative reveals at least four and possibly five images of the moon within the area marked "1" in print, indicating that at least four distinct exposures were made.

Frame #3 - The invisible, transparent, and weightless spaceship identified as "3" is in all probability an internal camera lens reflection (secondary image) from either of the lights marked "1" or "2". The area marked "4" could have been accomplished by the aforementioned methods.

Frame #4 - Within the area marked "1" a microscopic examination of the negative reveals several (at least three and possibly six) images of the moon, again indicating multiple exposure negatives.

Frame #5 - No analysis was made of the length of the star trace versus time to correlate the stated exposure time with the actual exposure time. As before, this photograph could be duplicated, with time and patience, utilizing multiple techniques.

Page 2


- page 74 -

There is very little legible text on this page. The only clearly visible text are the small labels "5", "2", and "3" on the top of what appears to be a black and white photographic or scientific image. The rest of the page is mostly white with a dark photographic/imaging panel at the bottom of the page.


- page 75 -

This case contains 4, 3x3" photos.


- page 76 -

1 - 17 JULY 1966 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

July    Dayton, Ohio               Multiple                   Insufficient Data
July    Plymouth, Ohio             Multiple                   Insufficient Data
3       Concord, California        Multiple                   Insufficient Data
3       Bloomington, Indiana       Multiple                   Other (PLASMA)
3       West Jefferson, Ohio       Multiple                   Balloon
4       Dixon, Illinois            Multiple                   Insufficient Data
4       West Galveston Bay, Texas  Multiple                   Balloon
4       Houston, Texas             Multiple                   Insufficient Data
4       New Haven, Connecticut     Multiple                   Aircraft
4       Detroit, Michigan          Multiple                   Balloon
5       Covington, Kentucky        Multiple                   Aircraft
5       Houston, Texas             Multiple                   Balloon
5       Lakewood, California       Multiple                   Aircraft
6       Fairpoint, South Dakota    Multiple                   Aircraft
6       Dayton, Ohio               Multiple                   Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
6       Oxford, Ohio               Multiple                   Aircraft
6       Fairpoint, South Dakota    Multiple                   Insufficient Data
                                                               1. Aircraft
                                                               2. Reflection
6       Illinois, Ohio             Multiple                   Astro (METEOR)
7       Columbus, Ohio             Multiple                   Astro (METEOR)
7       Girard, Ohio               Multiple                   Psychological
7       Dayton, Ohio               Multiple                   Other
7       Cedar Rapids, Iowa         Multiple                   Aircraft
7       Centerville, Ohio          Multiple                   Astro (METEOR)
7       Conroe, Texas              Multiple                   Aircraft
7       Amarillo, Texas            Multiple                   Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
8       Ilion, New York            Multiple                   Aircraft
8       Midlothian Sea             Multiple                   Aircraft
8       Lodi, Illinois             Multiple                   Astro (REGULUS)
8       Clovis, New Mexico         Military                   Astro (METEOR)
9       Hamilton, Ohio             Multiple                   Aircraft
9       Houston, Texas             Multiple                   Insufficient Data
10      Elmendorf, LSE             Multiple                   Astro (V30A)
10      Ryukyu, Islands            Multiple                   Other (SATELLITE DECAY)
10      Columbus, Ohio             Multiple                   Other (SATELLITE DECAY)
10      Macedonia, Ohio            Multiple                   Aircraft
11      Ohio Turnpike              Multiple                   Satellite
11      Covers Souris Wildlife Refuge, N Dak                  Aircraft
11      Columbus, Ohio             Multiple                   Aircraft
12      Union, Pennsylvania        Multiple                   Aircraft
12      Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Multiple                   Aircraft
12      Albuquerque, New Mexico    Multiple                   UNIDENTIFIED
12      Albuquerque, New Mexico    Multiple                   Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
                                                               1. Aircraft
12      Kirtland AFB, New Mexico   Military                   2. Astro (METEOR)
13      Houston, Texas             Multiple                   Astro (ECHO II)
13      Houston, Texas             Multiple                   Satellite
13-14   Halsion                    Multiple                   Aircraft
14      Omaha, Nebraska            Multiple                   Insufficient Data
14      St Clair, Pennsylvania     Multiple                   Astro (METEOR)
14      North Hudson, New York     Multiple                   Aircraft
15      Kalispell APS, Montana     Multiple                   Other (SEARCH LIGHTS)
15      Houston, Texas             Multiple                   Astro (METEOR)


- page 77 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2 1 Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 78 -

1 - 17 JULY 1966 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                       OBSERVER                EVALUATION

16      St Paul, Minnesota             Multiple               Insufficient Data
17      Bresse Harmon AFB, Canada                             Balloon
17      New York, New York                                    Insufficient Data
17      Enon, Ohio                                            Insufficient Data
17      Belleville, Illinois                                  Astro (SPICA & DENEB)
17-19   New Castle, Maine (CASE MISSING)                      Astro (STARS/PLANETS)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                       SOURCE                 EVALUATION

July    Rochester, New York
July    Arlington, Virginia
July    Logansport, Louisiana
4       Mayo, Maryland
6       Detroit, Michigan
8       Webster, Groves, Montana
13      Dayton, Ohio
15      Toledo, Ohio


- page 79 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
N/C

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                READING         IDAHO
TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE 43   SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   FIRST TO LOCAL POLICE
    Day         Month         Year

Page 6 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 80 -

