There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP 12 October 66 13/0003z
2. LOCATION Peoria, Illinois 
3. SOURCE Civilian
10. CONCLUSION Astro (METEOR)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted a moving, brilliant yellow light that moved very fast across the sky in about 2 seconds. The light was elongated when observed. There was no sound during the observation. The object disappeared over the treetops beyond observers vision.
Description is consistent with that of a meteor observation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was the United States Air Force's official project to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text output:

PTD (USDER) /
C2-ASF-2872/0/AFD, Ohio 43433
9 Noveñ ĥer 1966

Peoria, Illinois 61606

Dear Mrs.

Reference your unidentified observation of 11 October 1966.
The information which we have received is not significant for
evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD Form 104
and return in the enveiope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the
AIR FORCE.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

The image contains a document cover page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings and incidents. There is no photograph present in this image, only text.

Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio
Peoria, Illinois

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire about an unidentified aerial phenomenon sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We assure this personal information a confidential.
1. When did you see the object? 12 October 1966
2. Time of day: 7:30 hours (AM or PM)
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Walking from the garage to the house.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 minutes, seconds 30
5.1 How was time in sight determined? By looking up at same area and calculating time of flight of UFO across area.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Bright b. NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. To your left b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. To your left f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 63 164

- page 4 -

The image appears to contain a page from an old UFO report document, but there is no photograph or image included on this particular page. The text on the page consists of a series of questions and answers related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? NO. It disappeared only in the sense that my backyard has many trees. The object "disappeared" over the treetops beyond my vision.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - There was no sound. The object seemed to float thru the sky noiselessly. b. Color - The color was bright yellow like a lightning ball.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? The match head would have covered 1/4 to 1/3 times the length. Approximately 2.5-3.5 times the match-head length would have covered the object in length and 1 1/2-2 times the match-head length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The object was clearly defined.

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions about the witness's observations of the object, the stars, and the moon.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Few, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One) a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: [Blank field]

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember
The whole object was an intense bright light.

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes, No, Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes, No, Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes, No, Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes, No, Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes, No, Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes, No, Don't know

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a detailed sketch or diagram. The sketch shows an illustration of a compass with angular measurements, as well as a sketch depicting the movement of an object across the sky.

OCR output:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve/line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curve/line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.
    Object was directly overhead        

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
    Object moved smoothly in one direction from northeast to southwest.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image contains a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular page. I will now act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No Whatever length of time an object traveling about 20 feet in 2 seconds takes.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Twenty feet above tree-top height.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _______________________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicles at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest 
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
Tubular, elongated neon light.

- page 8 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book. The text on the page is a narrative response to a questionnaire, describing the witness's experience of seeing something in the night sky after returning to their house.

The text reads:

I feel positive about seeing some form of UFO. After walking into my house and depositing packages I was carrying I hurried back outside to see if there might be some such thing that I had observed. I did not tell anybody else what I had seen, as I just was so awed I had to take another look to prove to myself that I actually had seen something in the night sky.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. NO.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES (No)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES (No)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
(A 12-year old daughter was with me at the time. When I looked up over my head I was startled and said, "Look, " but the object had left my sight before I could get her attention.)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted], Peoria, Illinois 61606
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted] 
AGE: 47
SEX: F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I am employed as [redacted] in the Information Division of the Northern Utilization Research and Development Division, Agricultural Research Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Peoria, Illinois 61604.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? My supervisor, October, 1966.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Peoria, Illinois
October 25, 1966

Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

Two weeks ago on October 11 between 7:15 and 7:30 p.m. I saw a moving light (at what seemed to be a height just above the tree tops) pass over my house. The light was elongated (perhaps three feet in length and a few inches thick -- from my position on the ground), brilliant yellow in color, and moved very fast. I saw this for only a brief moment as it passed. There was no noise. Even though it was just a momentary event, I have no doubt that I saw this dark sky and saw the "thing" moving as swiftly.

I am writing to you because I just read an article entitled "UFOS TO BE PROBED IN THE OCTOBER 22 ISSUE OF LIFE". You asked in the article that such events be reported.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 11 -

