PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 12 January 66 13/00

2. LOCATION: [Illegible]

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: [Blank]

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Possible [partially illegible text]

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer noted objects that changed in color from yellow-orange to white. Appears to pull or move to net this in color as is perceived from east to west. It was clear or the known satellites, so it was not a satellite.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) - Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The page contains a curved line with angle markings from 0째 to 90째, a compass rose, and space for drawing the object's trajectory and arrangement.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[Partially illegible text, appears to mention 1965]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Partially legible: shows city as 75879]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 45   SEX F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
[Partially illegible text, some words are unclear]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially filled, but text is illegible]

Page 6 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    7    4    66
     Day    Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

On the evening of February 12 at about 6:34 I walked out of the house to drive to the grocery store. As I stepped off the porch I gave the sky a sweeping glance. There was an unusually bright warm red star in the east. In the back of my mind was the comment "That one was not there yesterday." I started to go on into the garage but stopped again and I backed up to line the object up with a telephone pole in the pasture. It showed up just under the wires and it moved. I knew then it was a satellite.

I first viewed it at about 25째 to the east-southeast. It was brighter than any other star in the heavens at that time. KI was just after the sun dipped beyond the western-southwestern horizon. The eastern sky was dull gray. It was far from being completely dark. The western sky was a deep red. There were no clouds but a mist along the western horizon.

This object proceeded from east to west and as it neared the west it changed in color from an orange-red to light orange to metallic in color. When it passed a point of about 105째 it was then two objects. It split into parts. I don't know if they were side by side or one above the other, but I could see two distinct objects. There was a definite space between them. It disappeared into the mist of the western sky.

I'm sorry I did not have a telescope to witness this one. It was by far the most puzzling object I've seen. Coming from the east as it did was caused me to stop and watch it until it was out of sight. And when it broke up I decided to write in and report it. Since writing the first time I've been very ill and have not had time to fill in the papers you sent me.

I hope this will give you an idea of the object I saw. One thing I would like to know is this: Are all satellites aimed toward the east? If so the return orbit could be from the west, southwest or northwest. How can they come out of the east?


- page 4 -

FTD (TDEN)
Wight-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
13 June 1966

Baton, Louisiana 70529

Dear Mis[sing/blacked out]:

Reference your unidentified observation of 12 February 1966. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 154 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 5 -

FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
13 June 1966

Dixon, Louisiana 70529

Dear Miss

Reference your unidentified observation of 12 February 1966. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOHN F. KENNEDY SPACE CENTER, NASA
KENNEDY SPACE CENTER, FLORIDA 32899

March 16, 1966

IN REPLY REFER TO PA0-2

[Recipient's address redacted]
Baton Rouge, Louisiana

Dear Miss [Name redacted]:

Thank you for your recent inquiry on information related to Unidentified Flying Objects.

Neither the Kennedy Space Center nor any other agency of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration is responsible for scientific or investigative aspects concerning UFO's. This is a mission of the U. S. Air Force.

I suggest you direct your inquiry to:

Air Force Systems Command (FTD)
Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland

Sincerely yours,

Paul G. Siebenichen, Chief
Education & Community Services

Commanding Officer
Andrews AFB
Maryland

Dear Sir:

Please do not push off us citizens who see these strange unusual objects in the sky as 'spot-light' seekers or crackpots. This is the second time I've seen an object moving from east to west. Only this one was most unusual.

Since I received this reply from NASA I spent some time in a hospital and this delayed forwarding it to you.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]

(SEND 144)


- page 7 -

March 8, 1966
Duson, Louisiana 70529

Commander in Charge
Space Program
Cape Kennedy, Florida

Dear Sir:

You can readily see by the addressee of this letter that I do not know to whom to write. And I have hesitated to write because we who see unidentified objects are looked upon as freaks, crackpots, idiots and what-nots for publicity. I am none of these. But I did see something that has prompted me to write because this satellite was not like the others I've seen and I've seen several.

I'm a habitual star-gazer. I never walk out of the house in the evening but that I walk out with my eyes upon the stars. I always sweep the heavens with a quick glance before I get into my car. I've been rewarded by seeing many of our satellites. And I watch them out of sight. Since I do this so often I know at a glance when a 'star' is out of place. If they move I know they are satellites.

On the evening of February 12 at about 6:25 I walked out of the house and gazed toward the east. Low in the southeast was a brilliant Mars-orange 'star'. I knew it was not Mars, it certainly was not Venus, and much too early for Jupiter. It could only be a satellite so I backed up and lined it up with a telephone pole in the pasture and found it to be moving slowly in an east-west direction. The eastern sky was darker than the west. The sun had just set and the western horizon was a rosy red. As the satellite progressed toward the west it diminished in magnitude and color. The satellite began to take on a lighter red than as it passed a point immediately south of my house. Then comes the difference it was no longer just one satellite it was two side by side. I don't know in what relationship -- up and down or sideways. There were two instead of one. I'm sorry I did not have a telescope or binoculars to watch this one.... What was it?

We and a few others are very anxious to know.

Sincerely

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 8 -

Air Force Systems Command
Andrews Air Force Base
Maryland SCF

(There is also a postmark stamp dated APR 4 1966 from Dulles, VA with ZIP code 7052)


- page 9 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
12   2   66
Day  Month  Year

2. Time of day: 6   35
Hour  Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other __________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Dison                                                 La.
Nearest Postal Address                City or Town    State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
4           Minutes
Hours       Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Will to minute

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
              b. In back of you      e. Overhead
              c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Brighter & longer range

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Response text is illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [illegible]
b. Color: [illegible]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[No response]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Partial drawing/text is illegible]


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 18,000 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? 1/2 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East            e. South
b. Northeast       d. Southeast       f. Southwest       g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No       e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No       f. Telescope       Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No       g. Theodolite      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No       h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The text in section 26 is illegible]


- page 13 -

