The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is an official U.S. government report of UFO investigations.

PROJECT 10973 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 11 JUNE 66 1230/1302
2. LOCATION Lynchburg, Virginia
3. SOURCE Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 6 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual
7. COURSE SE
8. PHOTOS No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No
10. CONCLUSION Satellite (Echo II)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers noted object that appeared as a light that could be compared with Satellite. The north-south motion was characteristic of satellite. Object was traveling toward the SE.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which is a questionnaire designed to gather information about a sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, findings, or conclusions that may be made. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 11 June 1966
2. Time of day: 9:20 Hour 30 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Lynchburg, Virginia
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 0 Hours 3 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How certain is this determination? Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes, except for momentary periods of disappearance
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. Overhead d. Don't remember

FTD FORM 664 This form supersedes PTD 164, Jul 63, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. This appears to be a questionnaire or report form related to a UFO sighting.

IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight, pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: Brighter than the North Star

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Sharply outlined, c. Other, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Glow or illuminate? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing text and handwritten responses to questions about a UFO sighting. 

Transcription of the text on the page:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) YES. Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) YES. No. Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: clear sky.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: no sound
b. Color: bright white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? The angular size of the object could not be accurately measured.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The exhaust-visible; at the distant it looked like a round star-shaped object.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with multiple-choice and short answer questions.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In an open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. South c. East d. Southeast e. South west g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) (No)
b. Binoculars (Yes) (No) 
c. Windshield (Yes) (No)
d. Window glass (Yes) (No)
e. Telescope (Yes) (No)
f. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when pictured up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

I believe that if a fire were put in the air, burning white, that that what it would be.

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. It contains a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. 

Based on the OCR output, the text in the document reads:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" on the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As per the instructions to act as an OCR system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes  No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
Lynchburg, VA.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name   First Name   Middle Name
ADDRESS Street   City  State Lynchburg Virginia  Zone 
TELEPHONE NUMBER   AGE 18  SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
June   1966   Frank Hyde

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual representation. It appears to be a page from a questionnaire or report, with text fields and formatting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  8 day 6 month 1966 year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: None

- page 8 -

