PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
21 July 66 21/1500Z

2. LOCATION
Port Harrison, Canada
one witness

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Balloon ✓ Pint

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted a balloon shaped object with what appeared to be cords hanging down from it with a small object connected. The object was moving toward the SW at about 5 mph. At an altitude of approximately 20,000 feet.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 hours

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
SW

The description is consistent with that of a balloon. Although attempts to locate such a balloon were fruitless this description is very consistent with such an evaluation.

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

TDET/Maj H Quintanilla, Jr./70916/mhs
Unidentified Observation, 21 July 1966

U.S. Department of Commerce
Environmental Science Services Administration
Weather Bureau
Attn: Mr.

SEP 26 1966

Reference your letter W1321, dated 26 August 1966, regarding an observation by the Canadian Meteorological Service. We have conferred with a meteorologist on this particular sighting and he believes a balloon is responsible for the sighting; however, we have been unable to locate the specific balloon which caused the sightings.

Contact was made with the National Center for Atmospheric Research for any information on a balloon that could have been in the area. They did not know of any super pressure balloons that could account for what was observed. Contact was also made with other departments who launch balloons, and in all instances we met with negative results.

Since no national threat is indicated and no scientific benefit can be gained, it is felt that the expenditure of extra manpower and computer times to retrieve this data would not be justified.

WARREN S. WHEELER, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION:

TDET MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR                    DATE 23 Sept 66

TDET                                          DATE 23 Sept 66


- page 2 -

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCE SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
WEATHER BUREAU
SILVER SPRING, MD. 20910

August 26, 1966

Major Quintanella
Foreign Technology Division
Attention: TDEM
Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Dear Sir:

Your office was suggested as possibly being able to identify
or assist in the identification of the object or source of the
object described in the copy of the attached letter recently
received from the Director of the Canadian Meteorological
Service.

From the description it would appear that the object was some
sort of constant density or pressure level balloon. However,
we do not know of any balloons of this type being
released in the Northern Hemisphere at this time.

Port Harrison is located due east of Churchill across the
Hudson Bay where regular radiosonde balloons are released.
These balloons expand to a much larger size at 20,000 feet
than noted in the description in the letter and probably
never cross the Hudson Bay before bursting.

We appreciate any assistance that can be given.

Sincerely,

Special Assistant (Polar)
Overseas Operations Division

Attach.
cpy ltr dtd 8/9/66


- page 3 -

AIR SERVICES
METEOROLOGICAL BRANCH
CANADA

DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORT
315 Bloor Street West
Toronto 5, Ontario,
August 9, 1966

Director
United States Weather Bureau,
Washington, D.C. 20235.

Attention: Aerospace Operations Division

Dear Sir:

We have a report from our O.I.C. of the Upper Air Station, Port Harrison, P.Q. as follows:

"On July 21st, 1966 an unknown object was sighted in the vicinity of Port Harrison, P.Q. A description of the object, sighting location etc. follows:

(1) Balloon shaped.
(2) Dome shape: top was blue in colour, the rest was white.
(3) Appeared to be coming down from N.E. with a small object connected.
(4) Estimated to be 5 feet wide and 7 feet high.
(5) Object moving south west at approximately 5 miles per hour at a height of 20,000 feet.
(6) In view by eye from 10 a.m. to 12 Noon, July 21/66.
(7) Sighting location 70° 50' North, 58° 15' West Latitude.

It would be appreciated if you would provide us with some information concerning what this object was, what its purpose was and where it originated from."

We are passing this report to you for your information and comment as we have no information here as to the source of this reported object.

Yours very truly,
Director.


- page 4 -

Conversation with Wallops Island/revealed that they have only been launching weather balloons lately and they would not reach Canada. However, if they do find anything they will call us. Otherwise they are negative.

Conversation with ONR revealed that they launched three balloons on 16 Jul 66 however, they went down within 24 hours. No other launches would account for observation. He had been up in Canada at this time and had heard of nothing unusual up there. He said it would be unlikely that any of their balloons would be responsible for they normally don't get across the Hudson Bay before going westward. Also said that there were numerous radiosonde launches in Canada that launch daily end that our weather man should be/help us in this matter.

NCAR, Boulder, Colorado reported negative results. Dr. Morris said that he did not know of any balloons to account for the observance.


- page 5 -

Lt. Marley,

I have reviewed this sighting and it seems to fit the description of a balloon launched from Ft. Churchill. However, other stations within a 500 nautical mile radius of the sighting also launch radiosonde balloons which tend to fit this description as outlined here by Mr. Noble.

The only way I know to confirm or at least try to confirm the track of these balloons is to request the weather data for the specific launch sites. If you feel that this extra effort is desirable then I will initiate the necessary action acquire the data.

Sometimes weather balloons will develop a leak, as a result they never reach high altitude or their normal size. This could be the case in this instance.

However, since obviously no national threat is indicated and no scientific benefit can be gained, I suggest that the expenditure of the extra manhours and computer times to retrieve this data would not be justified.

(s) Maj Smith


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

14 May,

I have reviewed this sighting and
of course to get the description of a
balloon launched from Mt Church hill.
However other stations might in a
few neutral wider radius of the
sighting also learned another send
balloon on which tend to put their
description or act with time line by
you might. The only way I know
to confirm or at least try to
confirm the truth of these balloons
in the report the master data for
the specific launch site. If you
feel that this extra effort is not
feasible then I must envisage the
more easy action to acquire the
data.

Some time a master balloon might
develop a leak, or a result they
may reach too high altitude be
their normal size. This would
be the cause in this instance -
However some of science we
rational threat or our dust to be
scientific benefit can be gained,


- page 7 -

I suggest that the organization of the life of the work here - park complete this to retrieve this data in such that I instituted -

Maj Smith


- page 8 -

