Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: Mid March 66

2. SOURCE: Multiple-Civilians

3. LOCATION: SOUTHERN MICHIGAN

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: [blank]

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: [blank]

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: [blank]

7. COURSE: [blank]

8. PHOTOS: 
□ Yes
□ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE:
□ Yes
□ No

10. CONCLUSION: Other (MARSH GAS)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE FILE

[Bottom of form notes: Multiple Witnesses]

[Form footer: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.]


- page 1 -

UFOs Very Likely
Swamp Gas: Hynek

Detroit, March 25 - Dr. Jay
Allen Hynek, scientific adviser
to the air force on extraordinary aerial phenomena, today
sat hard on widespread public
reports of "extra-terrestrial
spaceship sightings" by residents of this area.

The doctor, a respected scientist, publicly labeled such
claims "lights at night" as
"growing of swamp gases released on unexpected and unusually warm weather of
the last 9 days."

Hynek, chairman of the astronomy department of Northwestern university and director
of the school's Dearborn observatory, also flatly denounced
photographs made by policemen and amateur astronomy
observers of lights in the skies.

Despite this analysis, made
after 16 days of painstaking
tramping across farm areas

and interviewing of more than
100 witnesses, a deluge or reports came from Maine to the
Rockies, describing UFO's [unidentified flying objects] seen
by night and day. Hundreds of
such reports were made to police, at county officials, and
newspapers.

Even Dr. Hynek, acting for
air force Project Blue Book,
limited his debunking to two
instances of sightings on March
20 and March 21, in the Ann
Arbor, Mich. area.

"I emphasize," he said, "I
cannot prove in a court of law
that these are the full explanations for these sightings.
"It appears very likely, however, that the combination of
the conditions in this particular winter—an unusually mild
in this area—were such as to
have produced this unusual and
puzzling display."

He added: "I am not making
[Continued on page 4, col. 1]

a blanket statement to cover
the entire UFO phenomena
over the last 20 years.

"If only one person reports
seeing something it might be
discounted, but if 10 or 20 report seeing similar objects it
then is grounds for scientific
investigation."

Both cases, upon which he
and air force assistants worked,
involved sightings in swampy
areas where lights of varied
colors were watched for hours.
At Hillsdale, Mich., 50 co-eds
at the local college and a number of adults observed the
glowing object. At Dexter,
Mich., 60 miles away, a farmer
reported he saw a similar light.

A Rare Phenomenon

"In each case swamps were
involved. These are a most unlikely place to attract visitors
from outer space. They are
not places for helicopter practice or where a soundless device would be tested," the
astronomer wrote in his report.

"Such gases are rare; I have
never see many myself. But
everyone who observed saw
lights, not shapes, and no movement away from the swamps,"
he continued. "The spring
thaws could have released
gases formed by decomposition
of organic material. This is
known to glow under certain
conditions."

Dr. Hynek did not ridicule
any witnesses he interviewed.
He said he readily understood
the dismay "of those who sincerely and accurately described what they saw."

Suspects a Prank

He also indicated that pranks
by students may have been involved in the Hillsdale affair.
Several burned-out flare studs
were found near the college
dormitories where co-eds had
been watching.

Across the county, however,
the "rational explanation"
Hynek and the other inquirers
was ignored. Men and women
saw "spaceships in formation,"
some said "lights" chased their
automobiles, others that
"shapes lighted in red, green,
blue, and yellow cross highways
at eye-levels."

There were so many such reports that Rep. Gerald R. Ford
[Mich.], Republican floor leader, proposed a "full blown"
hearing by a committee from
houses to get to the facts.


- page 2 -

After getting this story from [redacted] at his home, we proceeded to the dormitory and talked with Mrs. [redacted] who took us up to the sighting room, where the same girls were interviewed. They were most cooperative and Miss Jo Wilson drew the attached picture, (Figure #4). Both girls told me that attention was first called by a casual glance out of the window which lead to the remark by one of them "there's no house down there, is there?" or words to that effect. A fairly bright red light and two yellowish lights, resembling Christmas tree lights, according to the girls, were close to the ground in the marsh area, where, they obviously knew there was no house.

They reported no tangible object. They did remark, although there was much confusion, that several of the girls had seen a very bright light sweep past the window just before the main sighting. I could get no consistent story relative to this, in contrast to the fairly consistent description to the lights in the swamp.

According to [redacted] the lights were surrounded by a glow which rose every once in awhile to above the trees to about 150 feet above the swamp, appearing to get brighter as it rose, then rather quickly dimming out as it got higher. It appeared [redacted] said, as though it wished to avoid the periodic sweep of a nearby airplane beacon.

[Redacted] stated that his first impression of the lights were that they were marsh lights, otherwise known as fox lights, etc. He told me that he was about to say that this was what they actually were, but just about the time he thought he had the solution, the red light on the right and the white light on the left (a location of these lights did not agree with the girls description) started to get more brilliant. It was at this time that the lights appeared to

12


- page 3 -

rise. The lights made their ascent and descent some four times between 1130 pm, 21 March and 145 am, 22 March. thought that between the two lights he could see a mass and thought it was convex shaped. The girls, however, had described only a red light at that position.

The arrows on the sketch indicate, according to the girls, the extent of the horizontal and vertical motion of the lights.

In Hillsdale, Mr. clearly the best observer as far as technical background was concerned, yet his knowledge of physics is not good. After I had gotten back to Ann Arbor we had a few more phone talks, and at one time he called me rather late at home to inform me that he was seeing lights in the sky near the horizon - and that through binoculars the lights were vertical lines, green on top, yellow in the middle, and red on the bottom. He failed to recognize this as the effects of atmospheric refraction of starlight into a small spectrum. also struck me as a man who becomes enamored with an idea and tends to lose objectively in favor of the idea. He tends to ride a hobby horse, as was indicated when he marshalled all his forces at a later date to set out to prove the marsh gas hypothesis wrong.

I am not reporting at this time the numerous side investigations, such as a trip to the home of a young chap who had reported to Van Horn that he had a photograph of a UFO. I visited this chap at Hillsdale and discovered that, as far as I was concerned, he had photographed a blimp. I did give him $2 for a print, just for the record, which I never received. I will not also report at this time the many peripheral conversations I had with individual policemen from the office of the Sheriff of Washtenaw County at Ann Arbor, Michigan (Sheriff Harvey, and a number of his deputies), members of the Chelsea Police

13


- page 4 -

Department (Chief John Palmer, Clyde Myers and Charles Sharpe and a number of his other men), and the police in Dexter Michigan (Captain Taylor and his men, notably Officer Hunnavill), nor will I describe the fairly long discussion I had with Colonel Miller, civilian Defense Chief in Ann Arbor, who appears to be a very practical and blunt man who told me, in a nutshell, that he took no stock in any of the reports that had been going around. I might point out, that all through the investigation I made discreet inquiries relative to character reference and general reliability of other witnesses, and came away with the general impression that I had not been dealing with seasoned and careful investigators, but rather with men untutored in reporting matters outside their normal line of reporting (license plates, accidents, etc., but not angular rates, angular distances in the sky, brightnesses, and in general, time motion sequences). I was forced, therefore, to take into account, and regard as facts, only such things which had been reported fairly consistently by several witnesses. The doubt case upon certain witnesses did not inspire in me a feeling of confidence as to the quality and reliability of the data, I was obliged to use from which to draw my conclusions. I therefore felt that the only expedient thing to do was to concentrate on the consistent aspects of the stories from Dexter and Hillsdale and place into another category the host of the individual and generally mutually conflicting bits of testimony offered by the many individuals I talked to during my three day stay.

I therefore decided to look at the common pattern which seemed to be developing in the Dexter and Hillsdale cases. These had many interesting points in common; first, the lights in both cases were associated with swamp areas. While it was true that various individuals reported lights traveling

14


- page 5 -

in the sky at about those times and in those general vicinities, I could form no consistent picture whatever of these alleged events. On the other hand, I could form a consistent picture of what apparently was observed over the swamp at Dexter and at Hillsdale. In both cases a distinctive reddish yellow, and green lights were reported, plus a general yellow glow. The spectacular lights, when reported, were stated to be of limited area. One of the girls at Hillsdale agreed but stated that a yellowish glow surrounding and enveloped the discreet lights. The similarity between the Dexter lights and the Hillsdale lights was striking. Not only as to color and intensity, but motion as well. The motion was described in both cases as smooth and slow, with a tendency to disappear rather suddenly and reappear elsewhere. Most observers described a smooth horizontal motion and while other girls from Hillsdale said the lights seemed to get excited and moved erratically when car lights and flashlights came into the vicinity, the major behaviour was described as persistent, smooth and slow.

I had hoped to be able to gather more data and, with the help of some of my Northwestern staff who were willing to come to the area with me and help in the interrogation and so to be able to examine many of the individual reports not associated directly with the swamps, but funds were not available for bringing in any of my associates, who are excellent interrogators in this field, and further, since the interest and excitement generated in these cases was mounting to fever pitch, it seemed expedient, in fact mandatory, to hold a press conference and make a progress report. Until the evening before I was to make such a statement, I was still puzzled as to a natural explanation for even the consistent sightings. Fortunately, I have a number of friends in the academic world in Ann Arbor and whose invaluable aid I enlisted. I would like

15


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

to give credit to the scientists I talked with until very late into the night
but they prefer to remain anonymous. I am sure, however, that should their
testimony be officially required, rather than for the press, their cooperation
could very easily be obtained.

It was from these academic gentlemen that I obtained the information on
marsh gas and the lights frequently associated with it. To summarize, it
appears that rotting vegetation in the swamps produces methane, CH4, and
hydrogen sulfide, H2S, in ample quantities under certain conditions. Methane
is odorless, H2S is not but since it is present in relatively small quantities
one does not smell it unless one overturns a shovel full of swamp material. I
am told that this would then release a distinct odor. In addition, phosphine
PH3 is produced by the reduction of phosphorous compounds in the marsh material.
These three gases ordinarily do not spontaneously ignite, but I am told, a
small impurity in the PH3, namely P2H4, is highly flammable and when exposed to
air spontaneously ignites. This then apparently can serve to ignite the other
gases. The phenomenon of swamp lights is apparently quite well known, and
references to it are ample in the literature. Even in non-technical literature
these lights, variously known as willow-of-the-wisp, ignus fatus, fox lights,
etc., have had many stories woven around them, including stories of these lights
being the souls of the departed as well as elemental mythological entities.

Technically, they are treated in two books to which I had immediate access,
Light and Colour in the Open Sky, by Minneart and Chemistry, by Sienko and Plane.
Here the lights are described even into their colors, red, yellow, white and
green, thus matching the colors described by the majority of witnesses. It
is stated in these books that the lights are a form of low temperature chemical
luminescence which does not char or burn grass, etc. The lights generally are

16


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

are evanescent, burning here for a momment or so, going out, and appearing some feet or yards away as another plume of gas spontaneously ignites. This sporadic lighting is generally soundless, although sometimes a "popping" noise is heard (this may be the origin of the "ricochet sound" Mr. Mannor reported). The illusion of motion can easily be given by the sporadic appearance of a wisp of light here, and then there.

The lights have never been described as truly bright. They would be visible best to dark-adapted eyes on a clear dark night and also on a night which there was no high wind (which would quickly dissipate the gas as it bubbled up from underneath).

It appears to me that many of the conditions for the appearance of swamp lights were satisfied at both Dexter and Hillsdale. I can't state with any certainty that this is the correct solution to the problem; merely that it is the most likely cause. I would of course, appreciate learning of other possible natural causes should they be forthcoming. We can, I believe, completely eliminate any solution based on aircraft, balloons, birds, meteors, stars, etc, because they simply do not fit the consistent data reported to me.

In putting forth the swamp gas explanation of the major Michigan sightings I am aware that it is open to several objections: we do not know whether swamp lights ever appear at the near freezing temperatures that obtained in those areas at the time. If these were swamp lights, one may well ask why they have not been seen in those localities before. One may also ask why not at other swamp areas in Michigan instead of just these two? I am also concerned that the Michigan sightings bear a slight resemblance to other UFO sightings in which swamp areas do not figure. I am also concerned that I had to neglect the peripheral evidence of the few people who said that they thought an object had

17


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

been present. On the other hand, no convincing or coherent evidence was
presented that any object had been seen either to enter or to leave the swamp
areas. And why swamp areas in both cases? The case for swamp gas is by no
means conclusive, and is unprovable, but still remains in my mind as a logical
explanation for the majority opinion as to what was sighted. I therefore
presented this likely explanation at the requested press conference, at which
I pointed out in no uncertain terms that the swamp gas hypothesis was just
that and that "I couldn't prove it in a court of law".

I wish that a press conference had not been necessary, or, if necessary
that it had been handled more expertly and adroitly. I have little to say
that is complimentary about the public relations office at Selfridge Field.
It was amateurish in the extreme, and displayed no knowledge of how a press
conference should be handled.

The entire matter of a full dress press conference was most distasteful
to me because I would rather present carefully weighed and consistent evidence
and conclusions, with due time allowed, to a body of scientific colleagues
than be subject at a moment's notice to a roaring pack of news hounds whose
chief interest appears to be in getting a quick story.

I recommend once again, as I have often in the past, in my capacity as
scientific consultant, that the UFO phenomenon which has now plagued us for a
score of years, and has been responsible for countless words in newsprint during
that time, should be recognized as a scientific and sociological problem of
our times and studied as such by competent men in various fields. Further, since
the first requisite for any scientific investigation is concern for the quality
of the basic data, much more attention should be paid to the immediate gathering
and processing of such data.

18


- page 9 -

ROUGH DRAFT

REPORT ON THE INVESTIGATION OF THE DEXTER, MICHIGAN SIGHTING OF 20 MARCH AND THE HILLSDALE, MICHIGAN SIGHTING OF 21 MARCH 1966

Primary
The two sightings at Dexter and Hillsdale, respectively, may be called the crucial sightings which became the focal point of local attention (and later of nationwide) and had associated with them a veritable barrage of other reports with no clear-cut association with the two principal events under discussion here. It is possible that many of these were the result of the general excitement surrounding these events and of suggestibility on the part of those who reported them. However, there were reports of odd sightings, particularly in the Milan area, a few nights previous to the sightings discussed. It would have taken an army of investigators to have exhaustively looked into all of these.

In the course of my three days of investigation, I talked with the following people at some length and with a host of others in passing.

County Sheriff Harvey - Washtenaw County
Deputy: Stanley McFadden
Deputy: David Fitzpatrick
Patrolman Hannaville
Colonel Gerald G. Miller
Chief Taylor
Mr. [redacted]

Univ of Mich. Astronomy Dept (11 members)
Univ of Mich. Faculty members
Mr. [redacted], Eng. Dept, Tel. Radio and Television engineer
Chief John Palmer - Chelsea Police
Mr. [redacted] - Housewife at Hillsdale College
Miss [redacted]
Miss [redacted]
Two students at Hillsdale whom Mrs. Heck chose as having had "the greatest first-hand knowledge"
Patrolman Clyde Myers
Patrolman Sharpe
(Sgt. Schueder, Deps Bushra and Anderson were contacted by A2C Hanby)

* Funeral director and Civil Defense Chief at Hillsdale.


- page 10 -

Insert B

My questions were specifically directed toward determining what was visibly perceived and towards pinpointing the location and extent and duration of the phenomena.

Case A - Dexter, Michigan

There follows the original report received at the Washtenaw County Sheriff's Department at 835 pm on 20 March 1966, which (local investigator can't have THIS)

"Complainant called and stated that there was a strange object in the swamp at the end of Road. It was on the ground, went up in air about 500 feet and came down, making a lot of noise.

INVESTIGATION: Dispatched to the above location, and made contact with the complainant at Road. Complainant advised that an un-identified object was presently located in the swamp, to the rear of afore mentioned location, and had been so located for approximately (½) one-half hour. Complainant further related that the object had been observed to rise to an altitude of approximately 500 feet, and then to return to the ground. Subject stated that lights were observed upon the object, and that the lighting turned from a blue-green to a brilliant red to yellow in coloring. Object had appeared to be having difficulty in getting off of the ground.

[Remainder of text is partially obscured/blacked out]

ACTION TAKEN: The undersigned officer, in company with the complainant, proceeded along Dexter-Pinckney Road to Territorial Road, and then turned onto Quigley Road, where a vantage point was obtained, being in direct line with the

2


- page 11 -

Insert 0B 'continue a.
(see Map)

house, and the area of the objects observation. At this point, the patrol vehicle was secured, and the afore mentioned proceeded into the woods, in attempt to locate the swamp edge, and the object. While in the woods area, a brilliant light was observed from the far edge of the woods, and upon approaching, the light dimmed in brilliance. As the afore mentioned approached the upper ridge, and edge of the woods, the brilliant light again appeared, and then disappeared.

A continued search of the area was conducted, through swamp, and high grass, with negative results.

Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers were met by others who had gathered to observe, and the undersigned officers were informed that one of the objects had been hovering directly over the area where our flashlight beams had been seen, and had then departed in a west direction of flight, at high rate of speed. Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the under-signed officers returned to the [blacked out] address, where the [blacked out] were talked to.

TALK WITH [blacked out] stated that he had observed the lights coming from the swamp, and had awakened his son, [blacked out] BOTH then proceeded into the swamps in an attempt to find out the object which was producing the light. Upon entering the lower edge of the swamp, [blacked out] stated "what is that thing", and as [blacked out] looked in the direction indicated, the object was observed. At the instant of observation the small lights went out, and in just an instant, re-appeared across the swamp, a distance of about 500 yards. At this time, the object became illuminated from a brilliant source of light, which flowed horizontal between the two (2) small lights. After

3


- page 12 -

'U' Scientists Suggest 'Saucer' Explanations

Scientists at the University lights described by observers, in the sightings, are influenced by the sun spot

have been generally publicized the pointed out that the era Biddleman said the solar (sun cycle

in connection with the unidentified design of the big dish silhouetted spot) a city is starting to

flying object (UFO) sightings in by the "northern lights" would pick up and act back.

the past week, although they say Bidelman said there has been pronounced than

ports of sightings by other U-M thing like the object described in recent years, and that aurora

faculty members.

Prof. William P. Biddleman, of the U-M astronomy department, however, ventured the guess that the U-M's radio telescope on Peach Mountain north of Dexter may be involved in the Dexter Township sightings.

Biddleman said an aerial display along the horizon reflecting on the telescope's curved dish might give the impression of movement and disappearance and provide the red and green

Assistant Prof. George W. Saunders of the U-M zoology department initiated the UFO sightings by Hillsdale Civil Defense Director William Van Horn and 87 Hillsdale College coeds in a swamp laboratory in that area may have involved the phenomenon known as "will-o'-the-wisps."

The natural phenomenon which is believed to result from igniting of hydrogen phosphide gas from rotting substances in swamps, provides weird displays of dancing and disappearing red, yellow and blue flames accompanied at times by the popping of little explosions.


- page 13 -

Insert B (cont) 4

lights disappeared and were not observed again. Further search of the area was made with negative results.

DISPOSITION: FURTHER INVESTIGATION AND SEARCH OF THE AREA WAS MADE WITH NEGATIVE RESULTS.

STATUS: UNKNOWN OPEN

End of Record at Washtenaw County Sheriff Office

Mr. [redacted], the "complainant", is the son-in-law of Mr. [redacted] who made the original sighting. Mr. [redacted] was about to enter his house from a front yard, when, according to him, he noticed a bright light out of the corner of his eye.

He thought at first it was a falling star which he said abruptly stopped right over a swamp to the immediate north of his barn. He called his son, [redacted] out from the house to verify the sighting and together they watched the glow of light behind the trees in the distant swamp. Apparently at this time Mr. Wagner made the report to the Sheriff's office. Deputy McFadden and Fitzpatrick were dispatched to the [redacted] farm and in my interview with McFadden and Fitzpatrick (with whom I spent several hours in detailed discussions) they stated that upon arrival at the farm Mr. [redacted] and his son were already making a trek to the swamp area to look in an attempt to locate the "object".

[redacted] and his son did not carry any lights save a cigarette lighter (it seems strange since the night was dark, being the new Moon). The deputies thereupon proceeded to the point marked A on figure #1, where they parked their car. They then proceeded towards the glow/light along a path marked by a dotted line (a path which I almost exactly repeated on Wednesday, 23 March in the company of Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley, to point B). From point B, Deputy

5


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Invert C(2)

proceeded towards the glowing along a path marked by a dotted line (a path which I almost exactly repeated on Wednesday, 23 March in the company of Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley, to point B). From point B, Deputy Fitzpatrick observed a glow emitting from point marked C. Point C is also indicated on a map of the region.

Points A, B, C & M are also indicated on figure 2. Deputy Fitzpatrick reported that the glow reported at C brightened and dimmed slowly, "as though stage lights were being brightened and dimmed". Deputy Fitzpatrick never observed anything other than a glow. He did not even observe the glow to rise to the trees' top level as Mannor and his son indicated it had.

While Deputy McFadden busied himself in another direction in the swamp, Deputy Fitzpatrick proceeded towards the glow. The deputies were equipped with flashlights and 14 the lights from the flashlights were visible to Mr. [redacted] and his son who had now returned to the farm and were observing the deputies search from afar. Deputy Fitzpatrick stated to me that as he and his flashlight approached the glow, their source was apparently hidden by a slight rise in the terrain, the glow disappeared.

Deputy Fitzpatrick did not see it again, that Mr. [redacted] reported that as he/approached with their flashlights approach the area of the glow the glow disappeared there and immediately appeared at a more distant point of the swamp. Mr. [redacted] described the motion of the glow as a smooth horizontal motion which did not follow the contour of the land. He indicated that if this had been an ordinary

[Page number 16 at bottom: 16]


- page 15 -

ROUGH DRAFT - DR HYNEK'S COPY

REPORT ON THE INVESTIGATION OF THE DEXTER, MICHIGAN SIGHTING OF 20 MARCH AND THE HILLSDALE, MICHIGAN SIGHTING OF 21 MARCH 1966

Primary
The two sightings at Dexter and Hillsdale, respectively, may be called the crucial sightings which became the focal point of local attention (and later of nationwide) and had associated with them a veritable barrage of other reports with no clear-cut association with the two principal events under discussion. It is possible that many of these were the result of the general excitement surrounding these events and of suggestibility on the part of those who reported them. However, there were reports of odd sightings, particularly in the Milan area, a few nights previous to the sightings discussed. It would have taken an army of investigators to have exhaustively looked into all of these.

In the course of my three days of investigation, I talked with the following people at some length and with a host of others in passing:

County Sheriff Harvey - Washtenaw County
Deputy Stanley McFadden
Deputy David Fitzpatrick
Patrolman Runnawill
Colonel Gerald G. Miller
Chief Taylor
Mr. [redacted]
Univ of Mich. Astronomy Dept (11 members)
Univ of Mich. Faculty members
Mr. [redacted] Eng. Rad. Tel Radio and television engineer
Chief John Palmer - Cleaves Police
Mr. [redacted] Two students at Hillsdale College whom Mrs. Hynek close as having had the greatest first hand knowledge
Patrolman Clyde Myers
Patrolman Sharpe
(Sgt. Schuerder, Deps Bushra and Anderson were contacted by A2C Hanby)

* Funeral director and Civil Defense Chief of Hillsdale.


- page 16 -

Insert B

My questions were specifically directed toward determining what was visibly perceived and towards pinpointing the location and extent and duration of the phenomena.

Case A - Dexter, Michigan

There follows the original report received at the Washtenaw County Sheriff's Department at 835 pm on 20 March 1966, which can be said to initiated this:

"Complainant called and stated that there was a strange object in the swamp at the end of road. It was on the ground, went up in air about 500 feet and came down, making a lot of noise.

INVESTIGATION: Dispatched to the above location, and made contact with the complainant at road. Complainant advised that an un-identified object was presently located in the swamp, to the rear of afore mentioned location, and had been so located for approximately (½) one-half hour. Complainant further related that the object had been observed to rise to an altitude of approximately 500 feet, and then to return to the ground. Subject stated that lights were observed upon the object, and that the lighting turned from a blue-green to a brilliant red to yellow in coloring. Object had appeared to be having difficulty in getting off of the ground.

[Redacted names] and his son had watched the object for some time, and then proceeded into the woods and swamps, in an attempt to locate the object, and to see what it was. Both were within the swamp at the time of arrival of the undersigned officers.

ACTION TAKEN: The undersigned officer, in company with the complainant, proceeded along Dexter-Pinckney Road to Territorial Road, and then turned onto Quigley Road, where a vantage point was obtained, being in direct line with the

2


- page 17 -

Insert B continued.

house, and the area of the objects observation. At this point, the patrol vehicle was secured, and the afore mentioned proceeded into the woods, in attempt to locate the swamp edge, and the object. While in the woods area, a brilliant light was observed from the far edge of the woods, and upon approaching, the light dimmed in brilliance. As the afore mentioned approached the upper ridge, and edge of the woods, the brilliant light again appeared, and then disappeared.

A continued search of the area was conducted, through swamp, and high grass, with negative results.

Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers were met by others who had gathered to observe, and the undersigned officers were informed that one of the objects had been hovering directly over the area where our flashlight beams had been seen, and had then departed in a west direction of flight, at high rate of speed. Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers returned to the [redacted] address, where the [redacted] were talked to.

TALK WITH [redacted] stated that he had observed the lights coming from the swamp, and had awakened his son, [redacted] BOTH then proceeded into the swamps in an attempt to find out the object which was producing the light. Upon entering the lower edge of the swamp, [redacted] stated "what is that thing", and as [redacted] looked in the direction indicated, the object was observed. At the instant of observation the small lights went out, and in just an instant, re-appeared across the swamp, a distance of about 500 yards. At this time, the object became illuminated from a brilliant source of light, which flowed horizontal between [redacted] two (2) small lights. After

3


- page 18 -

watching the object for a couple of minutes, the rays of light from two flashlights were observed from the ridge above the object. The light from the object intensified, then went out, and a whistle similar to the sound of a rifle bullet ricochet was heard, and the object passed directly over the MANNORS in just an instant.

DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: Object was observed to be of a brown coloring, appearing to be quilted type outside surface. Object appeared to be flat upon the bottom, and cone shaped toward the top, however, being low in height.

Two small lights appeared to be at the outer edges of the object, glowing in a bluish-green light, and intensifying to a brilliant red in color. When the vehicle or object illuminated, the lighting was a yellow-white in color, and ran horizontal between the two outer lights, allowing some of the object to be viewed. Outer body appeared to be rough, in texture.

PERSONS OBSERVING OBJECT:
[Redacted], Road, Dexter, DOB Jan 5, 1919
[Redacted], Road, Dexter, DOB Jan 29, 1947
Several others, names unknown.

FURTHER UFO SIGHTED: Shortly after the UFO was departed from the scene, CHELSEA POLICE DEPARTMENT reported sighting a similar object over the Village of Chelsea, hovering, and then departing at high rate of speed in a westerly direction.

A further sighting of similar bluish-green lights was reported near the woods and swamp, north side of N Territorial Road, between Scully Rd., and Webster-Church Road, in Webster Twp., County of Washtenaw, by Washtenaw County Sheriff Patrol #19, however, when attempt was made to get closer,

4


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

Insert B(cont) 4

lights disappeared and were not observed again. Further search of the area was made with negative results.

DISPOSITION: FURTHER INVESTIGATION AND SEARCH OF THE AREA WAS MADE WITH NEGATIVE RESULTS.

STATUS: UNKNOWN OPEN

End of Record at Washtenaw County Sheriff Office

Mr. [redacted], the "complainant", is the son-in-law of Mr. [redacted] who made the original sighting. Mr. [redacted] was about to enter his house from a front yard, when, according to him, he noticed a bright light out of the corner of his eye.

He thought at first it was a falling star which he said abruptly stopped right over a swamp to the immediate north of his barn. He called his son, [redacted] out from the house to verify the sighting and together they watched the glow of light behind the trees in the distant swamp. Apparently at this time Mr. Wagner made the report to the Sheriff's office. Deputy McFadden and Fitzpatrick were dispatched to the [redacted] farm and in my interview with McFadden and Fitzpatrick (with whom I spent several hours in detailed discussions) they stated that upon arrival at the farm Mr. [redacted] and his son were already making a trek to the swamp area to look in an attempt to locate the "object". 

[redacted] and his son did not carry any lights save a cigarette lighter (it seems strange since the night was dark, being the new Moon). The deputies thereupon proceeded to the point marked A on figure #1, where they parked their car. They then proceeded towards the glow/[illegible] along a path marked by a dotted line (a path which I almost exactly repeated on Wednesday, 23 March in the company of Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley, to point B). From point B, Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley...

[Page number] 5


- page 20 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Insert C(2)

proceeded towards the glowing along a path marked by a dotted line
(a path which I almost exactly repeated on Wednesday, 23 March in
the company of Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley, to point B).
from point B, Deputy Fitzpatrick observed a glow emitting from
point marked C. Point C is also indicated on a map of the region.

Points A, B C & M are also indicated on figure 2. Deputy Fitzpatrick
reported that the glow reported at C brightened and dimmed slowly,
"as though stage lights were brighted and dimmed". Deputy
Fitzpatrick never observed anything other than a glow. He did
not even observe the glow to rise to the trees' top level as Mannor
and his son indicated it had.

While Deputy McFadden busied himself in another direction in
the swamp, Deputy Fitzpatrick proceeded towards the glow. The
deputies were equipped with flashlights and 14 the lights from
the flashlights were visible to Mr. [redacted] and his son who [redacted]
had now returned to the farm and were observing the deputies
search from afar. Deputy Fitzpatrick stated to me that as he and
his flashlight approached the glow, the source was apparently
hidden by a slight rise in the terrain, the glow disappeared.

Deputy Fitzpatrick did not see it again, but Mr. [redacted] reported that
[redacted] approached with, then as he observed 14 the [redacted] flashlight approach the area
of the glow, the glow disappeared there and immediately appeared
at a more distant point of the swamp. Mr. [redacted] described the motion
of the glow as a smooth horizontal motion which did not follow the
contour of the land. He indicated that if this had been an ordinary

16


- page 21 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Insert C (3)

vehicle the lights would have proceeded with a bumpy motion because of the irregularities in the terrain. Mr. indicated that the glow in various parts of the swamp lasted for 2½ - 3 hours.

The stories of Mr. and Deputies Mc Fadden do not agree here but this might be due to their different advantage points.

During their trek towards the swamp (incidentally they never arrived at their objective, therefore never getting closer than 500 yards) they stated that as they came closer to the swamp they saw an oval object depicted in figures 3 & 4. Deputy McFadden drew through figure 4, though he had indicated to me that he had not seen the object himself. and his son described the vehicle as a brownish oval with a green and white light at the opposite ends of the longitudal axis and a bright red elongated light in between the two.

When the officers returned to their patrol car they found two other patrol cars there. Deputy Runawill and his wife were in one car, and Officer asked the returning officers whether they had seen the light directly above them. The now stated that four lights were hovering directly above the officers while they were conducting their search in the swamp. Deputy Runawill stated that one of the lights came directly towards his car, passing at slightly to the right. Mrs. had rolled the window down and, peering out, stated that she observed the ball of light to pass very close to the car. Officer Runawill had talked turned the car motor off to check whether any sound came from the ball of light. As he

[Note: Some names are blacked out in the original document]


- page 22 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Inst c(4)

so the object was visible in front of him through the windshield.

He got out, positioned to shut the door, and then looked around for the object, only to discover that the object was already to the rear of the car. This high angle of site, if correct, would indicate that the light must have been very close.

Before proceeding with an analysis of these observations it would be best to examine the basic reports from the Hillsdale area because of the great similarity between them and those in Delta.

Case B - Hillsdale, Michigan

On Thursday, March 24th I traveled to Hillsdale with Ann Harnby and his driver to investigate the Hillsdale case. We called first at the home of [redacted] County Civil Defense Director and operator of the [redacted] Funeral Home. He has his pilots license, been in the Air Force, and is a very knowledgeable and efficient person. I talked with him [illegible] at length about the sighting.

Mrs Van Horn took the first call, a report from the girls' dormitory to the effect that there were blue, red and white lights visible from the dormitory near the ground. [redacted] went to the back roof of his house and for 19 10 minutes scanned the skies and could see nothing. He did see a white light in the SW which was stationary at first, it appeared to change azimuth from 210 to 270 degrees. His wife and son David observed it for about 20 minutes. He said it wasn't a star, and not an aircraft because it remained in the field of the binoculars for five minutes. But

[Page number 138 at bottom of document]


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

Pranksters
Busy After
UFO Talk
BULLETIN

DAYTON, Ohio (AP) - The Air Force said here today it hopes to come up with an explanation within the next 21 hours for the unidentified flying objects sighted in southeastern Michigan in recent days.

Maj. Hector Quintanilla, of Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, project officer in charge of the Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO), said the invasion of the Michigan sightings is "beginning to shape up..."

The Air Force office got into the investigation after numerous reports were received of the objects being seen three times within a week in the Ann Arbor area and in the nearby town of Dexter, Mich.

Working with the Air Force in the investigation is Dr. J. Allen Hynek, a Northwestern University astronomer and UFO project consultant. He has been asked to check on the reports of strange, glowing objects in the night skies.

The local investigation of the sightings was described in a walk today as a grab bag of "inconclusive" evidence by the scene and sheriff's deputies.

No new reports of sightings were received today, Maj. Allen Hyneck, an Air Force spokesman who is probing the mystery, said. However, he said, continuing objects, called tracers, were seen on the farm at near McBains.

The scientist said he came up with no new evidence after examining the Mannor family case, sheriff's deputies' statements and interviews of witnesses about the sightings.

The Mannor family case, near Dexter, was one of the incidents investigated. Sheriff Douglas J. Harvey has talked to the Mannors in the area near the Mannor home about the sightings.

Vehicles were broken into the wind- shield on the Mannor car, tossed rocks and other property was damaged. Quintanilla said these acts speak pretty well of the level of intelligence of these vandals, Sheriff Harvey said. "My men are under orders to make arrests and bring these people in. We're going to stop this harassment one way or another."

Six Whitmore Lake teen agers were taken into custody after a prank involving a "homemade" saucer.

Sheriff's men said the youths will be held 12 years old and made a good and tin foil "saucer".

In the Hillsdale College case, Dr. William Van Horn, Defense Director, said the south lights appeared a rare hovering light. He said he has not yet completed his investigation.

The boys then placed the four strange flying objects found in a diameter under an 18-foot sycamore tree four nights ago. Wheeler and Mrs. Glen Wheeler, 2000 Baker Rd., this morning told Dr. Hyeck. The Wheeler's were pulling their car up and told of seeing a "flying saucer" in the yard. They warned the Wheelers not to touch the object as it "might be dangerous."

Sheriff's deputies confiscated the "saucer" and brought the six boys to the County Jail for questioning. They were released to their parents and are to be interviewed later by Bureau Cpl. George W. Miller.

While the initial rush of news media to the County Jail has slowed, Sheriff Harvey reported his office continues to receive calls and letters from far distant radio and television stations and newspapers.

A Montreal interview crew from a television station appeared at the Jail this morning to film talks with officers and Mannor and his son.

Newspaper editors from various US cities have contacted the Ann Arbor News for further information on the "saucers". Three national news magazines have had representatives in the city.


- page 24 -

Insert 06(2)

he saw nothing in the area of the sky to the northeast. This was
reported to the girls but they called back at 1105 (Barbara Cohn)
and stated "Perfect", sorry to bother you, don't want you to think
we are crackpots, but the thing is coming down". It was straight
East of the dormitory and probably 1/2 miles away. He then called
the State Police as well as the city police who arrived shortly,
investigated the area and reported there was nothing to be seen.
Because the f girls continued to report lights, V decided
to go to the dormitory. He was saw Mrs housemother
at the dormitory, who took to the second floor of the dorm-
itory. They went to the room of Miss Jo Wilson and p Sara Robecheckwne.
The girls had the room dark and windows opened and were looking down
towards a swampy depression in the countryside. Van Horn observed
the lights then himself for the first time.
After getting Van Horn's story at his home, we proceeded to
the dormitory and talked with Mrs Hearnt who took us up to
the same room, where the same girls were interested. They were
most cooperative and Miss drew the attached picture, (Figure
#40. Both girls told me that attention was first called by a casual
glance out of the window which led to a remark by one of them
"theres no house down there is there?" or words to that effect.
A fairly bright 1 red light and two yellowish lights, resembling
Christmas tree lights, according to the girls, were close to the ground
in the marsh area, where, they obviously knew there was no house.

89


- page 25 -

They reported no tangible object. They did remark, although there was much confusion, that several of the girls had seen a very bright light sweep past the window. I could get not consistent story relative to this, in contrast to the wide consistent description to the lights in the swamp.

According to V--- the lights were surrounded by a glow which rose every once in awhile to a hive the three to about 150 feet above the swamp, appearing to get brighter as it rose, then rather quickly dimming out, it got higher. It appeared, V--- said, as though it wished to avoid the periodic sweep of a nearby airplane beacon.

V--- stated that his first impression of the lights were that they were marsh lights, otherwise known as fox lights, etc. He told me that he was about to say that this was what they actually were, but just about the time he thought he had the solution, the red light on the right and the white light on the left (a location of these lights did not agree with the girls description) started to get more brilliant. It was at this time that the lights made their slow ascent and descent some four times between 1130 pm 21 March and 145 am 22 March. Van Horn thought that between the two lights he could see a mass and thought it was convex shaped. The girls, however, had described only a red light at that position.

The arrows on the sketch indicate, according to the girls, the extent of the horizontal and vertical motion of the lights.

I am not reporting at this time the numerous side investigations, such as a trip to the home of a young chap who had reported to


- page 26 -

Van Horn that he had a photograph of a UFO. I visited this chap at Hillsdale and discovered that, as far as I was concerned, I did give him $2 for a pointy print, just for the record, which I have never received. I will not also report at this time the many peripheral conversations I had with individual policemen from the office of the sheriff of Washtenaw County at Ann Arbor, Michigan (Sheriff Harvey, and a number of his deputies) members of the Chelsea Police Department (Chief John Palmer, Clye Myers and Charles Sharpe and a number of his men), and the police in Dexter Michigan (Captain Taylor and his men, notably Officer Hummill) nor will I describe the fairly long discussion I had with Colonel Miller, civilian Defense Chief in Ann Arbor who appears to be a very practical and blunt man who told me, in a nutshell, that he took no stock in any of the reports that had been going around. I might point out, that all through the investigation I made discreet inquiries relative to character reference and general reliability of these other witnesses, and came away with the general impression that I had not been dealing with seasoned and careful investigators, but rather


- page 27 -

Insert E(3)

with men untutored in reporting matters outside their normal line of (license plate, accidents etc but not reporting angular rates, angular distances in the sky, brightnesses, and in general, time motion sequences). I was forced, therefore, to take into account, and regard as facts, only such things which had been reported fairly consistently by several witnesses. The doubt cast upon certain witnesses by other witnesses did not inspire in me a feeling of confidence as to the quality and reliability of the data I must use. I was obliged to use from which to draw my conclusions. I therefore felt that the only expedient thing to do was to concentrate on the consistent aspects of the stories from Dexter and Hillsdale and place into another category the host of the individuals and generally mutally conflicting bits of testimony offered by the many individuals I talked to during my three day stay.

I therefore decided to look at the common pattern which seemed to be developing in the Dextern and Hillsdale cases. These had many interesting points in common; first, the lights were definitely associated with swamp areas. While it was true that various individuals reported lights traveling in the sky at about those times

9/10


- page 28 -

Insert E(4)

and in those general vicinities, I could form f no consistent

picture whatever of these alleged events. On the contrary,

I could form a consistent picture of what apparently was observed

over the swamp at Dexter and SM at Hillsdale. In both cases

reddish

distinctive/relationship, yellow, and green lights were

reported f plus a general bf yellow glow. The spectacular

lights, when reported, were stated to be of limited area. One

girls

of the/glow at Hillsdale described lights in the sky as Christmas

tree lights. Other girl at Hillsdale agreed but stated that a

yellowish glow surrounding and enveloped the discreet lights.

The similarity between the Dexter lights and the Hillsdale lights

was striking. Not only as to color and intensity, but motion as

well. The motion was described in both cases as smooth and

slow, with a tendency to disappear rather suddenly and reappear

elsewhere. Most observers described a smooth horizontal motion and while

other girls from Hillsdale said the lights seemed to get excited and moved

erratically when car lights and flash lights came into the vicinity, the

major behaviour was described as persistent, smooth and slow.

10/13


- page 29 -

Insert E(5)

I had hoped to be able to gather more data, and, with the help of some of my Northwestern staff who were willing to come to the area with me and help in the interrogation and so to be able to examine many of the individual reports not associated directly with the swamps, beamps, but funds were not available for brining in any of my associates, who are excellent interrogators in this field, and further, since the interest and excitement generated in these cases was mounting to fever pitch, it seemed expedient, in fact mandatory, to hold a press conference and make a progress report. Until the evening before I was to make such a statement, I was still puzzled as to a natural explanation for even the consistent sightings. Fortunately, I have a number of friends in the academic fie world in Ann Arbor and whose invaluable aid I enlisted.

I would like to give credit to the scientists I talked with until very late into the night but they prefer to remain anonymous.

I am sure, however, that should their testimony be officially required, rather than for the press, their cooperation could very easily be obtained.

14


- page 30 -

Here is the text from the document:

Insert E(6)

It was from these academic gentlemen that I obtained the information on marsh gas and the lights frequently associated with it. To summarize,

it appears that rotting vegetable vegetation in the swamps produced methane, hydrogen sulfide, and H2S in ample quantities if certain conditions. Methane is odorless, H2S is not but since it is present in relatively small quantities one does not smell it unless one overturns a shovel full of swamp material. I am told that this would then release a distinct odor. I am told PH3

In addition, phosphine PH3 is produced by the reduction of phosphorous compounds in the marsh material. These three gases are not ordinarily do not spontaneously ignite, I am told, but a small impurity in the PH3, namely Potty is highly flamable and when exposed to air spontaneously ignites, which then apparently can serve to ignite the other gases. The phenomenon of swamp lights is apparently quite well known, and references to it are ample in

the literature. Even in non-technical literature these lights, ignus fatuus variously as wills-of-the-wisp, ignae, tractus, folk lights, etc., have had many stories wove around them including such stories as these lights being the souls of the departed as well as elemental mythological entities.

[Handwritten note at bottom: 14a]


- page 31 -

Here is the text from the document:

Iust E(7)

Technically they are treated in two books to which I had immediate access. Light and Colour in the Open Sky, by Minnaert and Chemistry, by Sienko and Plane. W Here the lights are described even into their colors, red, yellow, white and green thus matching the colors described by the majority of the witnesses. It is stated that in these books the luminescence is a form of low temperature chemical luminescence which does not char or burn grass, etc. The lights generally are evanescent, burning here for a moment or so, going out, and appearing some feet or yards away as another plume of gas spontaneously ignites. This sporatic lighting is general soundless, although sometimes a "popping" noise is heard (this may have the origin of the "ricochet sound" Mr Mannor reported). The illusion of motion can easily be caused by the sporadic appearance of a wisp of light here and then there.

The lights have never been described as truly bright. They would be visible best to dark-adapted eyes on a clear dark night and also on a night which there was no high wind (which would quickly dissipate the gas as it bubbled up from underneath).

It appears to me that all the major conditions for the appearance of swamp lights were all satisfied both at Dexter and Hillsdale.

I can't state with any certainty that this is the correct solution to the problem: merely that it is the most likely natural cause. I would of course appreciate learning of other possible natural causes should they be forthcoming. We can, I believe, completely eliminate any solution based on a/c, balloons, birds, meteors, stars, etc. because they simply do not fit the consistent data reported to me.

End of Inset E 15


- page 32 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

I therefore presented this likely explanation at the press conference.

The entire matter of a full dress press conference was most distasteful to me because I would rather present carefully weighed and consistent evidence and conclusions, with due time allowed, to a body of scientific colleagues than to a roaring pack of news hounds whose chief interest appears to be in getting a quick story. I recommend once again, as I have often in the past, in my capacity as scientific consultant, that the UFO phenomena which has now plagued us for a score of years, and has been responsible for countless words in newsprint during that time, should be recognized as a scientific and sociological problem of our times and studied as such by competent men in those various fields. Further, since the first requisition of any scientific investigation is concern for the quality of the basic data, much more attention should be paid to the immediate gathering and processing of such data. I would be most happy to submit a more specific recommendation on the handling of this problem, based on my score of years of experience with the problem if this seems appropriate at this time.

During the three-day interrogation

All notes obtained were gathered all through my working hours on the three days are available in my files.

[Signature appears to read "End of Trent F."]

Page number 16 is noted at the bottom of the document.


- page 33 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS

July 30, 1966

Dear Marilyn:

My dictaphone broke down and so my original plan to dictate the whole report and then have my secretary retype it won't work---anyway in the interest of time---and is slow from here---I will type as much of the report as I can myself, suggesting that you pick up, as indicated, copy from the preliminary report. No need for me to type that twice. Please send me at least two copies of the final report for my files---thanks.

REPORT ON THE DEXTER-HILLSDALE, MICHIGAN UFO SIGHTINGS OF 20-21 MARCH 1966.

In my capacity as scientific consultant to the Air Force on UFO's, I was requested to investigate two sightings in Michigan which, for some reason, had captured public attention and were the subject of many radio and news stories. It was unfortunate that I did not ask permission to take at least two assistants along. Mr. Powers of the Dearborn Observatory had asked to go along, as had Mr. Vallee and Mr. Hanlon. A far better job of interviewing the large number of ostensible witnesses could have been done.

Once upon the scenes ( Dexter and Hillsdale---and Ann Arbor and Chelsea along with Detroit), despite the help of ADC Navy ( board from Selfridge Field) I realized that the task was far too great for one man if all the witnesses wishing to be interviewed ( and many of whom were 'miffed' because I had either not had a chance to talk with them or was able to give only a short time to them) were to be satisfied. Since I had no authority to call in help, nothing going through PIO, and that would take time, I decided to do the following plan of action: I would limit my interviewing key witnesses in both localities and would use as the basis of my judgment only those 'information bits' that were agreed upon by several witnesses. I could not give weight to one person who contradicted some part of information the others had already agreed concurred in. Thus I had to neglect the testimony of one person who said he saw an object when the majority in the same location described only lights. Had I had an assistant, I would have adopted the plan of having an assistant interrogate separately the single witnesses who had a different story to tell. I cannot complain about the lack of assistance, however, since none of us knew what proportions these incidents would assume as the next few days came around.

My interrogations were made triply difficult because of the ubiquitous press, radio and TV men. It was impossible to talk quietly with anyone without having a microphone placed in front of your face. I was always importuned for "just a word" or, "Will you answer just one question?" It is difficult to describe to one who wasn't there the general bedlam. Mr. Hanlon, the chief protagonist in the Dexter case, reportedly complained that I had spent very little time with him. It was virtually impossible to do so several times. I was waiting and anxious to talk with him but he was occupied with several recorders. Here again is where some assistants would have come in handy; they could have diverted the reporters while I talked. Mr. Hanlon needs some clever interference run for him in cases like this; it is virtually impossible to do it single handed. By contrast, I recall the Eagle River Wis. "pancake" case. In that instance I had chartered a plane and took several graduate students with me. They were invaluable in chasing down leads, assisting in


- page 34 -

Daily News, 24

DR. J. ALLEN Hynek, Northwestern university astrophysicist and scientific adviser to the Air Force on unidentified flying objects, was on his way to Hillsdale, Mich., this morning.

He plans to interview the Hillsdale college coeds and their dean when saw the glowing object, Quintanilla said.

The major said he has sent 1st. David Moody of his office to Michigan to confer with Dr. Hynek this afternoon. Moody is Quintanilla's assistant in the Project Blue Book office and has had considerable experience with UFO investigations.

AN AIRMAN from Selfridge AFB at Mt. Clemens, Mich., has also been helping in the investigations, according to Quintanilla.

He said investigations so far have made it possible to rule out quite a number of things. "Sometimes negative answers are almost as helpful as positive ones," he said.

WITH SO MANY witnesses in such a case, quite a while to check them all and get the details, occasions, angles, times and other facts needed for a complete investigation, Quintanilla said.

Scores of persons, ranging from farmers to policemen, also said they saw the hovering, glowing object during the past week end.

DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK POLICE CHIEF TAYLOR Study UFO Citing Reports at Dexter, Mich. - UPI

MICHIGAN "SAUCER"
Report on UFO
Expected Soon

By JACK JONES Daily News Staff Writer

The Air Force hopes to crack the latest Michigan "flying saucer" mystery within 24 hours, the officer in charge of the Unidentified Aerial Phenomena office at Mt. Herner Grissom Air Base said this morning.

Actor area is "beginning to shape up" and he hopes to have a reasonable explanation some time tomorrow.


- page 35 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

2

the interrogation of subsidiary witnesses and running very necessary interference, making special arrangements to see people etc. I have resolved that in investigating future cases, if I do at all, I must have at least one dependable assistant who knows the ropes. Otherwise too much time is wasted in sheer mechanics.

Through the kindness of Prof. [redacted] of the Graduate School, University of Michigan, I made my headquarters at his home during my several day stay and both he and Mrs. [redacted] was of extreme help. Mrs. [redacted] gave freely of her time in answering the phone, which seemed to ring incessantly, to very late hours, and then again early in the mornings. It was through Dr. [redacted] kindness that I was put into touch with several University of Michigan family members (who prefer to remain anonymous) who were able to give me considerable help on possible physical solutions to the sightings. It was a [redacted] invitation that eleven members of the University of Michigan astronomy department met with me at Dean Miller's home to discuss the sightings and other things as well.

It is virtually impossible to describe the hectic nature of the three days in the Ann Arbor neighborhood. I certainly would not wish to undergo another such episode unless I were far better prepared for it in terms of time and physical assistance. Nonetheless, it happened this way, and I went after the salient 'facts' of the sightings and let the chips fall where they would.

(M: Take up Insert A at this point--it is page one of the original report)

I should apologize for the lack of detail in the description of the people I interviewed. Things happened so fast that there was little time for taking formal records. The text time would take an investigation of any scope + will want to take with me an IBM portable recorder to assist me in getting names, places, and associations down correctly.

There may be some comment that I never interviewed Mr. Manor's son. I fully intend to. He was either with reporters or unavailable. There simply was not enough time to interview everyone!

Now as to the cases themselves: (M pick up Insert B) (M: where are the maps? Local map of Territorial road and Wigley road would be handy here and the map, showing arrows. Didn't I leave that with you? Does the Vanhorn report have this? I probably have my maps at home if I didn't leave them with you. )

Now continue with narrative--we'll call it Insert C

After end of Insert C, continue with following:

it is most unfortunate that none of the witnesses in the Dexter area were technically trained. It was difficult for me to speak to them in terms of angles, and angular rates--their powers of description were inadequate to the occasion; they would have a poor reporters or investigators. This is not to disparage the witnesses, and certainly not to impugn their honesty or sincerity---they simply lacked the ability to describe accurately and technically.

Let us now examine the Hillsdale case; the witness was of the same order as those at Dexter with the exception of Mr. [redacted] who was had technical training, holds a pilots license, and is generally articulate. But even for him the words of accurate description failed him. Further, to one of his training, he should have available himself of other technically trained people in the area rather than rely solely on the girls at Hillsdale college. The college has some


- page 36 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

3

science teachers who certainly should have been alerted and their opinions
and observations solicited. Also, while we could hardly expect Mr. ______
to have a camera ready, certainly the people at Hillsdale, with a good
vantage point, and three hours available to them, should have placed a
camera in action and obtained a time exposure of the lights. So now
let us look at the Hillsdale case:

M: Now Insert D here.

In Hillsdale Mr. _______ was clearly the best observer as far as technical
background was concerned, yet his knowledge of physics is not good. After
I had gotten back to Ann Arbor we had a few more phone talks, and at one
time he was called me rather late at _______ home to inform me that he
was seeing lights in the sky near the horizon--and that through binoculars
the lights were vertical lines, green on top, yellow in the middle, and red
on the bottom. He failed to recognize this as the effects of atmospheric
refraction or starlight into a small spectrum. _______ also struck me
as a man who becomes enamoured with an idea and tends to lose
objectivity in favor of the idea. He tends to ride a hobby horse, as
was indicated when he marshalled all his forces at a later date to set out
to prove the marsh gas hypothesis wrong

M: Now put in Insert E

In putting forth the swamp gas explanation of the major Michigan
sighting I am aware that it is open to several objections: we do not
know whether swamp lights ever appear at the near freezing temperatures
that obtained in those areas at the time. If these were swamp lights, one
may well ask why they have not been seen in those localities before. One
may also ask why not other swamp areas in Michigan instead of just
these two? I am also concerned that the Michigan sightings bear a
slight resemblance to _______ other UFO sightings in which swamp areas
do not figure. In I am also concerned that I had to neglect the peripheral
evidence of the few people who said that they thought an object had
been present. On the other hand, no convincing or cogent evidence was
presented that any object had been seen either to enter or to leave
the swamp areas. And why swamp areas in both cases? The case for swamp
gas is by no means conclusive, and is unproven, but still remains in
my mind as a logical explanation for the majority opinion as to what was
sighted. I therefore presented this likely explanation at the requested press
conference, at which I pointed out in no uncertain terms that the swamp
gas hypothesis was just that and that "I couldn't prove it in a court of
law".

I wish that a press conference had not been necessary, or, if necessary
that it had been handled more expertly and adroitly. I have little to say
that is complimentary about the _______ public relations office at Selfridge
Field. It was amateurish in the extreme, and displayed no knowledge of how
a press conference should be handled.

M: Now Insert F please.

In conclusion, it is unfortunate that so much press and public attention
was paid to the Michigan sightings which, as far as UFO reports go, do not
compare in substance or in competent witnesses, to many other cases in the
file which not very little attention. But at least, in the Michigan cases
there was a possible _______ fairly obvious physical explanation at hand;
with the others, which remain unidentified, this does not appear to be the
case.

END


- page 37 -

TAB

A       REPORTS AND INVESTIGATIVE DATA

B       MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION

C       MEMOS FOR THE RECORD

D       MAPS AND SKETCHES

E       NEWS RELEASES

F       NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS

45p + 17 (partially illegible handwritten note at bottom of page)


- page 38 -

The only text I can clearly see in this image is:

G

There is a faint stamp or marking in the center of the page, but it is too illegible to read with certainty.


- page 39 -

METHANE GAS

Methane is a hydrocarbon, meaning that it is composed of hydrogen and carbon atoms. By looking at a chemical diagram we see that

[A chemical structure diagram is shown for Methane, with a carbon atom in the center connected to 4 hydrogen atoms]

4 atoms of hydrogen combine with 1 atom of carbon to produce CH4 or methane.

It can now be noted from its chemical formula that methane contains 5 atoms in its molecule, 4 atoms of hydrogen and 1 carbon atom. This property enables it to be classified as a gas.

Methane is more often known as "swamp gas", marsh gas, and fire damp among other terms. It occurs due to the decaying of animal and vegetable matter under water. It is then given off due to the decomposition reaction, bubbling through the water and escaping.

Methane is a colorless and odorless gas, insoluble in water, and burns with a blue flame. It is highly inflammable and often times is the cause of explosions in coal mines.


- page 40 -

Ethel A. Faull
500 East Prospect Street
Kewanee, Illinois
March 25, 1966

Major Hector Q. Quintanilla,
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Division
of Blue Book
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

I have been very interested in the account in the Chicago Tribune of March 2nd telling of lights seen over a swamp near Dexter, Michigan. I am addressing this letter to you because, like I, you are unexcited over this phenomena.

I think there can be little doubt that this manifestation is known as "will o' the wisp", or from the Latin "foolish fire", and it should in-cite little attention except for its beauty.

I have seen these lights as described in this article many times when I was a child. We were accustomed to seeing them at or above a small swampy body of water which was an over-flow from a creek that ran through our neighborhood.

If you will look in the dictionary under the rare "ignis fatuus" you will see that the lights are due to phosphorus that forms over the water in a swamp or marsh. There never was a sound accompanying these lights, but it may be that we never were close enough to hear. At any rate we were never concerned over their appearance as we knew what they were; and, too, the swamp was small and the display not alarming.

What fantastic things this mortal mind can conjure up when the unusual presents itself!

Very truly yours,
[Signed] Ethel A. Faull


- page 41 -

P.O.Box 241
Mount Vernon,N.Y.
March 25,1966

Major Hector Quintanilla
Air Force UFO Project
Wright-Patterson A. F. Base
Dayton,Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

If Dr. Hynek has not already notified you of the facts I have listed below I will most happily explain the Michigan,Mich. photographs.

Whether or not it was intended the photograph is a hoax. It does not show UFO's but simply the planet Venus and the moon. There seems to be either a slight mixup in dates in the local papers or the photograph has lied about the date,he rave March 16 while the facts fit March 17. Working from several astronomical books the newspapers text and the AP Wirephoto I have obtained the following information:

1) The moon and the planet Venus were close together on the morning of March 17 just before dawn.

2) The UFO's rose about 4A' local time, the moon and Venus rose about 4A' local time.

3) The UFO's were visible until about 7A', Venus(which is very bright just now)and the moon would have been easily visible until about sunrise which was about 7A'.

4) One exposure shows the lower part of the sky illuminated,if this can be assured to be the coming of dawn the camera was aimed southeast,'Venus and the moon were in the southeast.

5) At about the time of the photograph(5:30 AM CST)Venus and the moon were about 10° apart. If the largest UFO in the photo is assumed to be 20 the moon would appear as a result 10° then the separation of the two UFO's is 10°.

6) During a ten minute time exposure a celestial object will trail about 1/2 across a photographic plate as a result of the earth's rotation. If we again assume the largest UFO is the moon the amount of trailin' of both UFO's is 1/2°.

7) The moon was a crescent on the morning of March 17 and if a time exposure were taken of it,it would appear as in illustration A in the photograph it looked like B.

8) One of the objects was discolored as red on the bottom, white in the middle and blue on top. 'When a celestial object is at a low altitude atmospheric refraction causes it to appear just this way.

I hope I have been able to shed some light on these photographs if Dr. Hynek has not already done so.

Sincerely yours,
John J. Bortle
New York City Amateur
Astronomers Assoc., Inc.


- page 42 -

The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank page with only a small "B" label/stamp visible in the top left corner. No other text is legible on this page.


- page 43 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 6714 (23 Mar 66)                                   Page 5 of 5

K. MAJ. F. L. BROKAW, BASE OPERATIONS OFFICER, SELFRIDGE AFB
MICH. THE INFORMATION GIVEN BY THE OBSERVER WAS RECEIVED FROM
DEPUTY STANLEY MC FADDEN, WASHTENAW COUNTY SHERIFF DEPARTMENT,
MICH. DEPUTY MC FADDEN WAS CALLED TO THE SCENE AND REPORT GIVEN
BY FRANK MANNOR. DEPUTY MC FADDEN SAW THE LIGHTS AND HEARD THE
SOUND MADE BY OBJECT. HE DID NOT VIEW THE OBJECT AS LONG NOR
AS CLOSE AS [illegible], BUT IS IN AGREEMENT WITH HIM ON WHAT
HE OBSERVED. HE BELIEVES MR [illegible] IS RELIABLE NO NOT GIVEN
PG 5 RN/TPG 0041 INCL S

TO H LL'ICIN TIONS, PRELIMIN RY N LYSIS GIVES NO B SIS FOR
DISBELIEF IN THE SIGHTING NOR CLUE TO ITS IDENTITY. BASED ON
THIS REPORT AND THAT OF NEWS MEDIA OF THE AREA, WHICH ALSO
COVERED MR MANNORS SIGHTING AND THAT OF OTHER UNKNOWN WITNESSES,
BELIEVE THIS TO BE A FACTUAL REPORT OF AN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING
OBJECT.

L. NONE
BT
NNNN

AFHO 0-3090                                               UNCLASSIFIED


- page 44 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 6714 (23 Mar 66)                                     Page 4 of 5

2@M 310-45
3@M 310-65
5@M 300-35
8@M N-A

3. CIRIFORM CEILING 5-10 BECOMING 9-10
4. VISIBILITY 15 MILES
5. LESS THAN .5 TO .9

PAGE 4 RUWTPA2041 UNCLAS

6. NONE
7. SURFACE PLUS .5,5 DEG C
   6M MINUS 1 DEG C
   10M MINUS 3 DEG C
   16M MINUS 16.5 DEG C
   20M MINUS 27 DEG C
   30M MINUS 47.5 DEG C
   50M MINUS 57.5 DEG C
   50M N-A

H. NONE
I. NONE
J. NONE

AFHO FORM 0-309C                     UNCLASSIFIED


- page 45 -

Detroit Free Press

Friday, March 25, 1966

THE SECOND FRONT PAGE     Page 3, Section A

Air Force to Explain 'Saucers'

What are these mysterious, glowing, flying objects that have aroused so much furor in southeastern Michigan this week?

The Air Force said Thursday that it expects to come up with a reasonable, logical answer sometime Friday.

The Air Force investigation, said Maj. Hector Quintanilla of Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, O., is "beginning to shape up." He hopes to have a reasonable explanation sometime tomorrow.

QUINTANILLA is the project officer in charge of the Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) office.

The Air Force, which has been checking out UFOs for nearly 20 years, has come up with some dandy explanations in the past. Quintanilla didn't indicate which of them might fit the current Michigan situation or whether we might be able to add a new one to the collection.

But enough people have seen these objects, with their flashing, colored lights and weird flight patterns, for the Air Force to send out one of their top scientists, J. Allen Hyneck, to check into the situation.

Hyneck, astrophysicist at Northwestern University, has been looking into UFOs for 15 years and says that so far he has found no evidence to indicate that any of the mysterious sights in the sky are the result of "extraterrestrial intelligence."

HE EXPLAINED that this means that there aren't little green men from Mars or other planets down on us with their anti-gravity powered space saucers.

So the official Air Force explanation isn't expected to satisfy those who watched the saucers soaring over Dexter, Hillsdale, Warren, Clinton Township and various other places.

It may agree with Alfred Dickens, of York, Pa., a maintenance man for the York County Bus Co., who shoots at saucers and says the phenomena are merely balls of "swamp gas" seeping from swamps and marshes.

Also called "Jack-o-Lanterns," they form in warm, still air and are blown by light breezes so that they dance around, he said.


- page 46 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 6714 (23 Mar 66)                                                   Page 3 of 5

. DUSK TO NIGHT

LOCATION OF OBSERVER CLN 8 MILES NW OF ANN ARBOR OUTSIDE OF SMALL
PAGE 3 RLWTPQA2041 UNCLAS
TOWN OF DEXTER B356W 4219N.

OBSERVER:
1. [REDACTED], DEXTER, MICH. AGE 47,
   FARMER. APPEARS RELIABLE, HAS HUNTED FREQUENTLY IN THIS AREA AND
   STATES POSITIVELY THE LIGHTS WERE NOT FIRES CAUSED BY NATURAL GAS
   IN THE SWAMP OR MARSHLAND.

WEATHER AND WINDS
1. CLEAR
. WINDS CLN

SURFACE 210-15 (illegible)
GM 310-25 (illegible)
10M 320-35 (Back of cloud cover)
15M 310-60 (Illumination is away)

AFHQ FORM 0-309C

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 47 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 6714 (23 Mar 66)                                   Page 2 of 5

5. N-A

PAGE 2 RUWTPQA0041 UNCLAS

6. RED LIGHT ON ONE SIDE, GREEN ON THE OTHER WITH WHITE
GLOW IN CENTER. TWO OBJECTS LIKE ANTENNA POINTING DOWN.

7. N-A

8. LIKE A RICOCHETING BULLET

9. NONE

B. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECTS
   1. NOISE AND LIGHTS
   2. WESTERLY CLOSE TO GROUND
   3. SAME
   4. ONE APPEARED TO BE IN TROUBLE, GOING UP AND DOWN WHILE THE
      OTHERS STAYED OVERHEAD. AT ONE POINT IT DIPPED SO CLOSE TO THE
      GROUND IT APPEARED TO HAVE TOUCHED OR LANDED.
   5. DISAPPEARED QUICKLY TO THE WEST
   6. THREE HOURS

C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION. 1. GROUND-VISUAL  2. BINOCULARS
   3. N-A.

D. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING
   1. 21-0130Z TO 21-0330Z MAR

AFHO FORM 0-309C                     UNCLASSIFIED


- page 48 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 6714 (23 Mar 66) H/Jjp                                   Page 1 of 5

ACTION: NIN-7

INFO: SAFOS-3, XOP-1, XOPX-2, DIA-1 (15), ADV CY DIA
SWB C003ETW JAW RUWTPQA0041 081. 46-UUUU- RUEBBHQA.

ZNR UUUUU

P 2222302

FM 1STOWDISPTGP SELFRIDGE AFB MICH

TO RUMMFVA-ADC
RUCIFHA-26 AIR DIV STEWART AFB N Y
RUEBBAA-AFSC ANDREWS AFB MD
RUEBBJA-HQCOMD USAF
RUEBBHQA-OSAF WASH DC

BT

UNCLAS 1B0T 29013.

FOR HQ USAF, ATTN CLN AFWIN. FOR SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE
ATTN CLN SAFOI. FOR AFSC ATTN CLN FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION

UFO REPORT IAW PARA 1A AFR 200-2

A. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT

1. LIKE TWO SOUP BOWLS PLACED ONE ON TOP OF OTHER (shape)

2. CAR OR SMALL BUNGALOW (size compared to known)

3. BROWN

4. FOUR

AFHQ FORM 0-309C                                     UNCLASSIFIED


- page 49 -

INVEST. CONT.:
upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers returned
to the Road address, where the were talked to.

TALK WITH stated that he had observed the
lights coming from the swamp, and had awakened his son, BOTH
when proceeded into the swamps in attempt to find out the object
which was producing the lights. Upon entering the lower edge of the swamp,
stated "what is that thing", and Looked in the
direction indicated, the object was observed. At the instant of observation
the small lights went out, and in just an instant, re-appeared across the
swamp, a distance of about 500 yards. At this time, the object became
illuminated from a brilliant source of light, which flowed horizontal between
the two (2) small lights. After watching the object for a couple of minutes,
the rays of light from two flashlights were observed from the ridge above
the object. The light from the object intensified, then went out, and a
whistle similar to the sound of a Rifle bullet ricocheted was heard, and the
object passed directly over the in just an instant.

DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: Object was observed to be of a brown coloring,
appearing to be Quilted type outside surface. Object appeared to be
flat upon the bottom, and cone shaped toward the top, however, being
low in height. Two small lights appeared to be at the outer edges of the
object, glowing in a blue-green light, and intensifying to a brilliant
red in color. When the vehicle or object illuminated, the lighting
was a yellow-white in color, and ran horizontal between the two outer
lights. Allowing some of the object to be viewed, Outer body appeared
to be rough in texture.

PERSONS OBSERVING OBJECT:
[Names redacted]

FURTHER UFO SIGHTED: Shortly after the UFO was departed from the scene,
CHELSEA POLICE DEPARTMENT reported sighting a similar object over the
VILLAGE of Chelsea, Pinckney, and then departing at high rate of speed
in a Westerly Direction.

A further sighting of Similar Bluish-green lights was reported near the
woods and swamp, North Side of N. Territorial Road, between Scully Rd.,
and Webster-Church Road, in Webster Twp., County of Washtenaw, by
Washtenaw County Sheriff Patrol #19, however, when attempt was made to
get closer, lights disappeared and were not observed again. Further
Search of the area was made with negative results.

DISPOSITION: FURTHER INVESTIGATION AND SEARCH OF THE AREA WAS MADE WITH
NEGATIVE RESULTS.

STATUS:
OPEN:

Respectfully Submitted,
[Signature redacted]
Dep. First Sgt./McFadden


- page 50 -

Here is the text from the document:

20.2

WASHTENAW COUNTY SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT
Comp. Name Bob Wagner                                   Comp. No. 01058
Address Dexter Body Shop                                Nature of Comp. UFO
         Dexter Mich.                                   Location Between & N. Terr.
Phone No.: Res.            Bus.                         Date Received 3-20-66     Time 8:30 P
Telephone XXXX Radio        Letter        in Per        Received by Dep. Kelly
Officers Assigned Dep. McFadden & Fitzpatrick and Car #34
Time Assigned 8:35 Pm

Details of Comp. Comp. called and stated that there was a strange object in the swamp at the end of Rd. It was on the ground, went up in air about 500' and came down making a lot of noise.

INVESTIGATION: Dispatched to the above location, and made contact with the complainant at Road. Complainant advised that an unidentified object was presently located in the swamp, to the rear of afore mentioned location, and had been so located for approximately 1/2 one-half hour. Complainant further related that the object had been observed to rise to an altitude of approximately 500 Feet, and then to return to a ground. Substantially the same, observed upon the object, and that the lighting turned from a blue-green to a brilliant red to yellow in coloring. Object had appeared to be having difficulty getting off ground.

[Redacted] Road, and his son, had watched the object for some time, and then proceeded into the woods and swamps, in an attempt to locate the object, and to see what it was. Both were within the swamp at the time of arrival of the undersigned officers.

ACTION TAKEN: The undersigned officer, in company with the complainant, proceeded along Dexter-Pinckney Road to Territorial Road, and then turned onto Quigley Road, where a vantage point was obtained, being in direct line with the house, and the area of the objects observation. At this point, the patrol vehicle was secured, and the afore mentioned proceeded into the woods, in an attempt to locate the swamp edge, and the object.

While in the woods area, a brilliant light was observed from the far edge of the woods, and upon approaching, the light dimmed in brilliance. As the afore mentioned approached the upper ridge, and edge of the woods, the Brilliant light again appeared, and then disappeared. A continued search of the area was conducted, through swamp, and high grass, with negative results.

Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers were met by others who had gathered to observed, and the undersigned officer was informed that one of the objects had been hovering directly over the area where our flashlight beams had been seen, and had then departed in a West Direction of flight, at high rate of speed.

OVER: DEF


- page 51 -

Departed Young Field 1135 for Ann Arbor Airport (State Street) Contacted a Mr. who said that they have a lot of night activity but he heard of no one who had seen anything. In fact, he himself was up Sunday night and saw nothing unusual. Mr. said they had an electrical advertising sign but haven't used it for last two months. No night photo missions. Then contacted Bob McCannell at the Municipal Airport Building. Results there was also negative.

No reports and not much activity at night. No helicopters. Departed 1215 for Lamp Post Motel to meet Dr. Hynek, arrived at motel at 1240. He did not show. We were informed to meet him at the Chelsea Police Office at 1500.

Left Ann Arbor for Chelsea at 1400 arrived at Chelsea at 1450. Talked with two Chelsea Policemen who reported seeing a UFO Sunday night. Their names are Clyde Meyers, and Charles Sharp. They did not know how they got into this they knew they saw an a/c and still think that's what it was. They saw 3 lights, one red, one green and an orange-yellow glow between the other two and a little to the back. Time - 1130 - 1145 pm.

They described the object and its flight and it was agreed that this was an aircraft. (possible a jet w/afterburner?) Dr. Hynek arrived at 1615 and he also agreed that there was nothing to indicate that it wasn't an a/c.

It was generally agreed that the glowing object seen in the swamp by the farmer and his son, and the Ann Arbor police was marsh gas.

Later that evening we received a telephone call from the airmen assisting Dr. Hynek. They said a UFO was sighted near Ann Arbor and they would pick us up to go out there. Evidently they got their wires crossed as they left without us and we didn't know where the sighting was. We tried to get hold of Dr. Hynek but couldn't so we went to the Sheriff's office. Shortly after we got there Dr. Hynek returned. He said that he had seen the photos that he had taken on 17 March 1966. It was a time exposure of the crescent moon and Venus. It was taken early in the morning. When the crescent moon was low on the eastern horizon and rising and Venus was a little to the left and slightly higher than the moon.

25 March 1966

Left Ann Arbor area 1100 for W-P AFB and arrived at W-P AFB at 1600.


- page 52 -

T3gt David N Moody
Trip Report - A3C William Elmer, Michigan Area

23 March 1966

Checked out of PTD at 1916 hours, arrived at Ypsilanti approximately 2330 hours, spent night at Mayflower Motel, Ypsilanti.

24 March 1966

Departed Mayflower 0830 hours. Arrived at Willow Run Airport 0900 and talked with Mr. ■ and Mr. ■ at the University of Michigan Infra-Red Photographic Labratory. (Hanger of the Operations Section). They informed us that they had not been flying missions at night for the last two months. Mr. ■ informed us that Conductran Corporation might be doing work of this type. Sgt Moody called Mr. Silvester of Conductran Corp. They rent a plane and Mr. Silvester checked out the purchasing records and found that there was no activity on the nights of the 20, 21, 22 March 1966. They were in fact not doing any work at night. One of the employees at Willow Run said he had heard on the radio about a sighting in Flint, Michigan, last night, Wednesday, 23 March 1966.

Departed Willow Run 0935 hours for the County Court House in Ann Arbor. Arrived at the County Court House at 1000 hours. There we got a map of the county and found the location of the Sheriff's office and the Ann Arbor Newspaper Office. Since the Sheriff's office was only a block away we walked over there first.

Arrived at the Sheriff's office where Sgt Moody called into the office to find out if Dr. Breck had called. He had and we were informed that he would meet us at the Lamp Post Motel in Ann Arbor at 1:00 pm. Also, we got a copy of a cartoon that someone (unknown) had sketched and put together to look like it had came from a newspaper. It was a copy and it was learned that it didn't appear in the newspapers. We spoke briefly with Deputy Sheriff McFadden who had witnessed the sighting Sunday night. He said the object was sighted from about 8:30 to 12:05 pm Sunday night, 20 March 1966. He first saw the object due north at a point A on the county map. He thought it was a radio tower beacon which was north of that point. He then proceeded to points B, C, and D and discovered that the object was not the beacon. At Point D the light was observed in the south. He said the light was about 3/4 mile away. Compared it to the size of the back end of a truck and about as bright as a radio tower light. We didn't probe too deeply into his sighting since Dr Hynek had already interviewed him.

Departed Sheriff's Office 10:20 hours newspaper office (Ann Arbor News). Arrived 1030 hours. Got newspaper dated Mon, Tues, and Wed, 20, 21, 22 March 1966.

Departed Newspaper office 1100 hours for Young Field (small private airport) from there we phoned the owner (Dr Metty, phone 663-7331, 216 South State Street, Ann Arbor, Michigan)

He said there may have been somebody up at night from there but no records were kept. Sgt Moody asked if he would post a note asking if any pilots had observed anything unusual from the air and if they had, to forward the information to W-P AFB and he said he would.


- page 53 -

The rotting vegetation produces marsh gas which can be trapped during the winter by ice. When the spring thaw occurs, the gas may be released in some quantity. The flame, Minneart says, is a form of chemical luminescence, and its low temperature is one of its peculiar features. Exactly how it occurs is not known and could well be the subject of further investigation.

The glowing lights over the swamps near Dexter and Hillsdale were observed for two or three hours, and they were red, green, and yellow. They appeared to move sideways and to rise a short distance. No sound was heard except a popping sound.

It seems entirely likely that as the present spring thaw came, the trapped gases, OH2, H2S, and PH3, resulting from decomposition of organic material, were released. The chemistry book by Slenko and Plane has this to say: "In air, Phosphine PH3 usually bursts into flame apparently because it is ignited by a spontaneous oxidation of the impure PH3." The will-of-the-wisp, sometimes observed in marshes, may be due to spontaneous ignition of impure PH3 which might be formed by reduction of naturally occurring phosphorus compound."

It has been pointed out to the investigating personnel by other scientists in this area that in swamps the formation of H2S and CH4 from rotting vegetation is common. These could be ignited by the spontaneous burning of PH3.

The association of the sightings with swamps in this particular instance is more than coincidence. No group of witnesses observed any craft coming to or going away from the swamp. The glow was localized, and Deputy Fitzpatrick described the glow from beyond a rise adjacent to the swamp as visible through trees. He stated that the light brightened and dimmed much as stage lights do - smoothly and slowly - and this description exactly fits the Hillsdale sighting also. The brightening and dimming could have been due to the release of variable quantities of marsh gas.

The disappearance of the lights when people got close with flight-lights or car lights would indicate that the glow seemed bright to dark-adapted eyes. The night was dark and there was no moon. The Hillsdale girls kept their rooms dark in order to see the swamp lights.

It appears very likely that the combination of the conditions of this particular winter (an unusually mild one in that area) and the particular weather conditions of that night - it was clear and there was little wind at either location - were such as to have produced this unusual and puzzling display.

2


- page 54 -

Air Force Statement Regarding the UFO Sightings at Dexter, Michigan, on March 20, 1966, and Hillsdale, Michigan, on March 21, 1966

The investigation of these two sightings was conducted by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, scientific consultant to Project Blue Book; personnel from Selfridge Air Force Base, Michigan; and personnel from the Project Blue Book office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

In addition to these two specific cases, there has been a flood of reports from this area both before and after March 20 and 21. The investigating personnel have not had the time to investigate all of these. It has been determined, however, that in Hillsdale, over and above the sincere and honest reporting by the young ladies at Hillsdale College, certain young men playing pranks with flares. It has also been determined that the photographs released yesterday through the press was taken on March 17 just before sunrise near Milan, Michigan, and have nothing to do with the cases in question. The photograph clearly shows trails made as a result of a time exposure of the rising crescent moon and the planet Venus.

The majority of observers in both the Dexter and Hillsdale cases have reported only a light glowing near the ground - red, yellow, and blue-green. They have not described an object. The only two observers who did describe an object have stated that they were no closer than 500 yards - better than a quarter of a mile away - a distance which does not allow details to be determined.

Witnesses have described glowing lights - lights that seem to move but never far from a definite place or lights which suddenly disappeared and popped up at another place. The locale in both cases was a swamp. In both cases, the location of the glow was pinpointed - in Dexter it was seen between two distant groups of people and at Hillsdale it was seen in a swampy depression between the girls and the distant trees. It was in both cases a very localized phenomena. The swampy location is most significant.

A swamp is a place of rotting vegetation and decomposition. Swamps are not a province of astronomers. Yet, the famous Dutch astronomer, Minnaert, in his book, Light and Colour in the Open Air, describes lights that have been seen in swamps by the astronomer Bessel and other excellent observers. The lights resemble tiny flames sometimes seen flaot on the ground and sometimes rising and floating above it. The flames go out in one place and suddenly appear in another, giving the illusion of motion. The colors are sometimes yellow, sometimes red, and sometimes blue-green. No heat is felt, and the lights do not turn or char the ground. They can appear for hours at a stretch and sometimes for a whole night. Generally, there is no smell and no sound except for the popping sound of little explosions such as when a gas burner ignites.


- page 55 -

REPORT OF THE INVESTIGATION OF THE DEXTER, MICHIGAN SIGHTING OF 20 MARCH AND THE HILLSDALE, MICHIGAN SIGHTING OF 21 MARCH 1966

The two sightings at Dexter and Hillsdale, respectively, may be called the crucial sightings which became the focal point of local attention (and later of nationwide) and had associated with them a veritable barrage of other reports with no clear cut association with the two principal events under discussion here. It is possible that many of these were the result of the general excitement surrounding these events and of suggestibility on the part of those who reported them. However, there were reports of odd sightings, particularly in the Milan area, a few nights previous to the sightings discussed. It would have taken an army of investigators to have exhaustively looked into all of these.

In the course of my work as an investigator, I talked with the following people at some length and with a host of others in passing.

County Sheriff Warren - Washtenaw County
Deputy Sheriff McFadden
Deputy Gerald Fitzpatrick
Patrolman Tunnell
Colonel Gerald J. Miller
[Redacted line]

Univ of Mich. Astronomy Dept (11 members)
Univ of Mich. Faculty members
[Redacted line] Eng. Rad. Tel.

Chief John Palmer - Chelsea Police
[Several redacted lines]

Patrolman Cl de M ers
Patrolman Sharpe
(Sgt. Schneider, Dept Washtenaw and Anderson were contacted by ACC Manly)


- page 56 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Expert Calls
UFO Reports
Consistent
No Speculation Yet
On Causes Behind
Michigan Lights
ANN ARBOR, Mich — (UPI)
— The top Air Force expert on
unidentified flying objects said
yesterday recent reports of a
series of such seen throughout
Southern Michigan are "more
consistent than most he has
investigated."

Dr. H. Allen Hynek of
Northwestern University, chief
scientific advisor for the Air
Force Project Blue Book, refused to speculate yesterday on
what might be behind the rash
of 10 to 12 sightings in this
area during the past two weeks
and his location near Detroit
was at a variance from most
of the sightings.

The sightings began Sunday
and ended late last Sunday
night.

These were in the area
from Hillsdale to Dexter. Interpreting the sightings was
the local Air Force consultant, Louis Wescott of Ann Arbor.

"I wish we had some photographs of this and more technical answers. The ideal situation would be to have a spectograph to determine its makeup."

"Frequently these things
turn out to be unusual things
seen under unusual circumstances," he said.

WPAFB Prober
Rules Out Hoax
In Saucer Case
A local spokesman for the Air Force ruled out a hoax in the
Michigan "flying saucer" mystery last night and said a "reasonable explanation" will be ready by next Monday.

Maj. Hector Quintanilla, project officer for the national Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) reporting center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, was not surprised by reports that the unidentified objects reported in Michigan may have been simulated by flares, as in
Western, Conn., Wednesday.

"I don't think this is a case of military sensors playing tricks," Quintanilla said. "But I think some legitimate questions can be raised about UFOs that people have been checking out."

The major also has T/Sgt.
David Moody, his assistant in
Michigan working on the investigation.

Quintanilla reports that they have checked off all of the things that the objects could have been. "But we are not, and
the investigation is now centered on positive information.

One of the reports came from
William Van Horn, civil defense
director of Hillsdale county,
who said he saw the flying object east of Hillsdale Monday.
He said it was "definitely some
type of vehicle." He added it
was about 20 feet across but
that its boundaries were indistinguishable.

Quintanilla said that a press
conference will probably be held
today at Selfridge Air Force
Base, Michigan, under the direction of Dr. Hynek.


- page 57 -

My questions were specifically directed toward determining what was visibly perceived and towards pinpointing the location and extent and duration of the phenomena.

Case A - Dexter, Michigan

There follows the original report received at the Washtenaw Count Sheriff's Department at 835 pm on 20 March 1966, which can't be said to initiated Complainant called and stated that there was a strange object in the swamp at the end of [redacted] Road. It was on the ground, went up in air about 500' and came down making a lot of noise.

INVESTIGATION: Dispatched to the above location, and made contact with the complainant [redacted]. Complainant advised that an un-identified object was presently located in the swamp, to the rear of afore mentioned location, and had been so located for approximately (1) one-half hour. Complainant further related that the object had been observed to rise to an altitude of approximately 500 feet, and then to return to the ground. Subject stated that lights were observed upon the object, and that the lighting turned from a blue-green to a brilliant red to yellow in coloring. Object had appeared to be having difficulty in getting off of the ground.

[redacted] and his son, [redacted] had watched the object for some time, and then proceeded into the woods and swamps, in an attempt to locate the object, and to see what it was. Both [redacted] were within the swamp at the time of arrival of the undersigned officers.

ACTION TAKEN: The undersigned officer, in company with the complainant, proceeded along Dexter-Pinckney Road to Territorial Road, and then turned onto Bulgey Road, where a vantage point was obtained, being in direct line with the

2


- page 58 -

house, and the area of the objects observation. At this point, the patrol vehicle was secured, and the afore mentioned proceeded into the woods, in attempt to locate the swamp edge, and the object. While in the woods area, a brilliant light was observed from the far edge of the woods, and upon approaching, the light dimmed in brilliance. As the afore mentioned approached the upper ridge, and edge of the woods, the brilliant light again appeared, and then disappeared.

A continued search of the area was conducted, through swamp, and high grass, with negative results.

Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers were met by others who had gathered to observed, and the undersigned officer were informed that one of the objects had been hovering directly over the area where our flashlight beams had been seen, and had then departed in a west direction of flight, at high rate of speed. Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers returned to the [REDACTED] Road address, where they were talked to.

TALK WITH [REDACTED] stated that he had observed the lights coming from the swamp, and had awakened his son. [REDACTED] BOTH then proceeded into the swamps in an attempt to find out the object which was producing the light. Upon entering the lower edge of the swamp, [REDACTED] stated "what is that thing", and [REDACTED] looked in the direction indicated, the object was observed. At the instant of observation the small lights went out, and in just an instant, re-appeared across the swamp, a distance of about 500 yards. At this time, the object became illuminated from a brilliant source of light, which flowed horizontal between two (2) small lights. After

3


- page 59 -

watching the object for a couple of minutes, the rays of light from two flashlights were observed from the ridge above the object. The light from the object intensified, then went out, and a whistle similar to the sound of a rifle bullet ricochet was heard, and the object passed directly over the MANROIS in just an instant.

DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: Object was observed to be of a brown coloring, appearing to be quilted type outside surface. Object appeared to be flat upon the bottom, and cone shaped toward the top, however, being low in height.

Two small lights appeared to be at the outer edges of the object, glowing in a bluish-green light, and intensifying to a brilliant red in color. When the vehicle or object illuminated, the lighting was a yellow-white in color, and ran horizontal between the two outer lights, allowing some of the object to be viewed. Outer pod appeared to be rough in texture.

PERSONS OBSERVING OBJECT:
[Redacted text]
Dexter, DO: Jan 5, 1919
Several others, names unknown.

FURTHER UFO SIGHTED: Shortly after the UFO was departed from the scene, CHELSEA POLICE DEPARTMENT reported sighting a similar object over the Village of Chelsea, hovering, and then departing at high rate of speed in a westerly direction.

A further sighting of similar bluish-green lights was reported near the woods and swamp, north side of N Territorial Road, between Scully Rd., and Webster-Church Road, in Webster Twp., County of Washtenaw, by Washtenaw County Sheriff Patrol #19, however, when attempt was made to get closer,

4


- page 60 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Lights disappeared and were not observed again. Further search of the area was made with negative results.

DISPOSITION: FURTHER INVESTIGATION AND SEARCH OF THE AREA WAS MADE WITH NEGATIVE RESULTS.

STATUS: I ITEMM OPEN

Mr. [redacted] the complainant, is the son-in-law of Mr. [redacted] who made the original sighting. Mr. [redacted] was about to enter his house from a front yard, when, according to him, he noticed a bright light out of the corner of his eye.

He thought at first it was a falling star which he said abruptly stopped right over a swamp to the immediate north of his barn. He called his son, [redacted] out from the house to verify the sighting and together they watched the glow of lights behind the trees in the distant swamp. Apparently at this time Mr. [redacted] made the report to the Sheriff's office. Deputy McFadden and Fitzpatrick were dispatched to the [redacted] farm and in an interview with McFadden and Particularly with Fitzpatrick (with whom I spent several hours in detailed discussions) they stated that upon arrival at the farm Mr. [redacted] and Hisson were already making a trek to the swamp area to look in an attempt to locate the "object".

and his son did not carry an lights save a cigarette lighter (it seems strange since the night was dark, being the new moon) The deputies thereupon proceeded to the point marked A on figure #1, where they parked their car. They then proceeded towards the glowing along a path marked by a dotted line (a path which I almost exactly repeated on Wednesday, 23 March in the company of Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley, to point B). From point B, Deputy

5


- page 61 -

vehicle the lights would have proceeded with a bumpy motion
because of the irregularities in the terrain. Mr [redacted] indicated
that the glow in various parts of the swamp lasted for 2½ - 3 hours.

The stories of Mr [redacted] and Deputies Mc Fadden do not exactly
agree here but this might be due to their different advantage
points.

During their trek towards the swamp (incidentally they never
arrived at their objective, wherefore never getting closer than
500 yards) they stated that as they came closer to the swamp they
saw an oval object depicted in Figures 3 & 4. Deputy McFadden
drew [redacted] Figure 4, though he had indicated to me that he
had had not seen the object himself. Mannor and his son described
the vehicle as a brownish oval with a green and white light at the
opposite ends of the longitudinal axis and a bright red elongated
light in between the two.

When the officers returned to their patrol car they found two
other patrol cars there. Deputy Rob Burnshill and his wife/were in
one car, and Officer [redacted] asking the returning officers
whether they had seen the light/directly above them. He stated that
four lights were hovering directly above the officers while they were
conducting their search in the swamp. Deputy Burnshill stated that
one of the lights came directly towards his car, passing at slightly
to the right. Mrs [redacted] had rolled the window down and peering
out, stated that she observed the ball of light to pass very close
to the car. Officer Burnshill had since turned the car motor
off to check whether any sound came from the ball of light. As he


- page 62 -

Here is the text from the document:

so the object was visible in front of him through the windshield.

He got out. positioned to shut the door, and then looked around

for the object, only to discover that the object was already to the

rear of the car. This high angular rate, if correct, would

indicate that it might move some from very near

Before proceeding with an analysis of these observations it

would be best to examine the basic reports from the Hillsdale area

because of the great similarity between them, and those in Dexter.

Case 3 - Hillsdale, Michigan

On Thursday, March 24th I traveled to Hillsdale with Ann Hynek

and his driver to investigate the Hillsdale case. We called first

at the home [redacted] County Civil Defense Director and

operator of [redacted] Funeral Home. He has his pilots license.

been in the Air Force and is a very knowledgeable and effective

person. I talked with him for at length about the sighting.

Mrs Van Horn was the first call, a report from the girls dormitory

to the effect that there were blue, red and white lights

visible from the dormitory near the ground. Van Horn went to the

back roof of his house and for 10 10 minutes scanned the skies

and could see drawn nothing. He did see a white light in the SW

with [redacted] was stationary at first. It appeared to change azimuth from

210 to 270 degrees. His wife and son David observed it for

about 20 minutes. He said it wasn't a star, and not an aircraft because

it remained in the field of the binoculars for five minutes. But


- page 63 -

Here is the text from the document:

proceeded towards the glowing along a path marked by a dotted line
(a path which I almost exactly repeated on Wednesday, 23 March in
the company of Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley, to point B).

From point B, Deputy Fitzpatrick observed a glow emitting from
point marked C. Point C is also indicated on a map of the region.
Points A, B C & M are also indicated on figure 2. Deputy Fitzpatrick
reported that the glow reported at C brightened and dimmed slowly,
"as though stage lights were being brightened and dimmed". Deputy
Fitzpatrick never observed anything other than a glow. He did
not even observe the glow to rise to the trees top level as Manner
and his son indicated it had.

While Deputy McFadden busied himself in another direction in
the swamp, Deputy Fitzpatrick proceeded towards the glow. The
deputies were equipped with flashlights and if the lights from
the flashlights were visible to Mr Manner and his son who said
had now returned to the farm and were observing the deputies
search from afar. Deputy Fitzpatrick stated to me that as he and
his flashlight approached the glow, some source was apparently
hidden by a slight rise in the terrain, the glow disappeared.
Deputy Fitzpatrick did not see it again. Mr [redacted] reported
as he observed it, the [redacted] flashlight approach the area
of the glow, the glow disappeared there and immediately appeared
at a more distant point of the swamp. Mr [redacted] described the motion
of the glow as a smooth horizontal motion which did not follow the
contour of the land. He indicated that if this had been an ordinary

[Page number 16 at bottom of page]


- page 64 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

he saw nothing in the area of the sky to the northeast. This was
reported to the girls but they called back at 110° (Barbara Coin)
they stated "Perfect" sorry to bother you, don't want you to think
we are crackpots, but the thing is coming down") It was straight
East of the dormitory and probably 3 miles away, and they also
the State Police as well as the city police who arrived shortly,
investigated the area and reported there was nothing to be seen.
Because the 4 girls continued to report lights, decided
to go to the dormitory. He was saw Mrs. housemotner
at the dormitory, who took to the second floor of the dorm-
itory. They went to the room of Miss and
The girls led the room dark and windows opened and were looking down
towards a swampy depression in the countryside. Van Horn observed
the lights for himself for the first time.
After getting from his stay at his home, we proceeded to
the dormitory and talked with Mrs. who took us up to
the same room where the same girls were interviewed. They were
most cooperative and Miss drew the attached picture. (Figure
#4). Both girls told me that attention was first called by a casual
glance out of the window which lead to a remark by one of them
"there's no house down there is there?" or words to that effect.
A fairly bright red light and two yellowish lights, resembling
Christmas tree lights, according to the girls, were close to the ground
in the marsh area, where they obviously knew there was no house.


- page 65 -

They reported no tangible object. They did remark, although there was much confusion, that several of the girls had seen a very bright light sweep past the window. I could get not consistent story relative to this, in contrast to the more consistent description to the lights in the swamp.

According to [redacted] the lights were surrounded by a glow which rose every once in awhile to above the trees to about 150 feet above the swamp, appearing to get brighter as it rose, then rather quickly dimming out as it got higher. It appeared [redacted] said, as though it wished to avoid the periodic sweep of a nearby airplane beacon.

Van Horn stated that his first impression of the lights were that they were mars lights, otherwise known as fog lights, etc. He told me that he was about to say that this was what they actually were, but just about the time he thought he had the solution, the red light on the right and the white light on the left (a location of these lights did not agree with the girls description) started to get more brilliant. It was at this time that the lights appeared to rise. The lights made their ascent and descent some four times between 1130 pm 21 March and 145 am 22 March. Van Horn thought that between the two lights he could see a mass and thought it was cone shaped. The girls, however, had described only a red light at that position.

The arrows on the sketch indicate, according to the girls, the extent of the horizontal and vertical motion of the lights.

I am not reporting at this time the numerous side investigations such as a trip to the home of a young chap who had reported to


- page 66 -

Van form that he had a photograph of a UFO. I visited this chap at Hillsdale and discovered that, as far as I was concerned, I did give him $2 for a going print, just for the record, which I have not yet received. I will not also report at this time the many preferral conversations I had with individual policemen from the office of the sheriff of Washtenaw County at Ann Arbor, Michigan (Sheriff Hervey, and a number of his deputies) members of the Chelsea Police Department (Chief John Palmer, Clive Myers and Charles Sharpe and a number of his men), and the police in Dexter Michigan (Captain Taylor and his men, notably Officer Sherwill) nor will I describe the fairly long discussion I had with Colonel Miller, Civilian Defense Chief in Ann Arbor, who appears to be a very practical and blunt man who told me, in a nutshell, that he took no stock in any of the reports that had been going around. I might point out, that all through the investigation I made discreet inquiries relative to character reference and general reliability of other witnesses, and came away with the general impression that I had not been dealing with seasoned and careful investigators, but rather


- page 67 -

Brand New Saucers

Anyone who thinks General Motors is a big outfit might to consider the company that manufactures all those flying saucers.

Now there's a whopping business.

Saucers come in all sizes and designs as people in southern Michigan, who sighted some the other night, will attest. There's the popular glow model which discreetly camouflages itself as a star. There's the distinctive lowering model equipped with a variety of flashing lights. Then there's the sports model that literally can disappear in a flash. (Racing stripe optional)

While last year's saucers won wide response from earthlings, the new 1966 models promise to give saucer makers their greatest year ever.

Stan McFadden, A Washtenaw county, Mich. sheriff's deputy, who spotted one of the new saucers, said, "I still don't believe it." Frank Manner of Dexter, Mich., said, "It wasn't like the pictures of a flying saucer and it had a coral-like surface. He added that it was pyramid-shaped and had a porthole. (Obviously, Mr. Manner was viewing the deluxe model with twin nuclears.)

Of course, there are some who won't believe Mr. Manner or Deputy McFadden. Even pictures of the sleek foreign craft get the pooh-pooh. But those who appreciate a good machine know that somewhere in space there's a giant assembly line where thousands of little green men in safety shoes are pounding and welding, wiring and painting.

Now if someone would just catch the license number of one of those saucers—maybe GM could seal a franchise.


- page 68 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

with men untutored in reporting matters outside their normal line of
(items, plots, accidents etc. but not
reporting angular rates, angular distances in the sky, brightness, and

in general, time motion sequences, I was forced, therefore, to take into

account and regard as facts, only such things which had been reported
fairly consistently by several witnesses. The doubt cast upon certain

witnesses by other witnesses did not inspire in me a feeling of confidence
as to the quality and reliability of the data I must use or I ### was

obliged to use from which to draw my conclusions. I therefore felt that

the only expedient thing to do was to concentrate on the consistent aspects
of the stories from Dexter and Hillsdale and place into another category

the most of the individuals and generally mutally conflicting bits of
testimony offered by the man individuals I talked to during my three

day stay.

I therefore decided to look at the common pattern which seemed
to be developing in the Dexter and Hillsdale cases. These had many

interesting points in common. First, the lights were definitely
were associated with a swamp area. While it was true that various

individuals reported lights traveling in the sky at about those times

9 /v


- page 69 -

Here is the text from the document:

and in those general vicinities. I could form f no consistent

picture whatever of these alleged events. On the contrary,

I could form a consistent picture of what apparently was observed

over the swamp at Dexter and SW at Hillsdale. In both cases

reddish

a distinctive/relationship, yellow, and green lights were

reported f plus a general #/ yellow glow. The spectacular

lights, when reported, were stated to be of limited area. One

girls

of the glow at Hillsdale described lights in the sky as Christmas

tree lights. Other girl at Hillsdale agreed but stated that a

yellowish glow surrounding and enveloped the distant lights.

The similarity between the Dexter lights and the Hillsdale lights

was striking. Not only as to color and intensity, but motion as

well. The motion was described in both cases as smooth and

slow with a tendency to disappear rather suddenly and reappear

elsewhere. Most observers described a smooth horizontal motion and while

other girls from Hillsdale said the lights seemed to get excited and moved

erratically when car lights and flash lights came into the vicinity, the

major behavior was described as persistent, smooth and slow.

[Note: The number 10/13 appears at the bottom right of the page]


- page 70 -

I had hoped to be able to gather more data and with the help of some of my northwestern staff who were willing to come to the area with me and help in the interrogation and so to be able to examine many of the individual reports not associated directly with the seams, but funds were not available for bringing in any of my associates, who are excellent interrogators in this field, and further, since the interest and excitement generated in these cases was mounting to fever pitch it seemed expedient, in fact mandatory, to have or hold a press conference and make a progress report. Until the evening before I was to make such a statement, I was still puzzled as to a natural explanation for event the consistent sightings. Fortunately, I have a number of friends in the academic world in Ann Arbor and whose invaluable aid I enlisted.

I would like to give credit to the scientists I worked// talked with until very late into the night but they prefer to remain anonymous.

I am sure, however, that should their testimony be officially required, rather than for the press, their cooperation could very easily be obtained.


- page 71 -

It was from these academic gentlemen that I obtained the information or marsh gas and the lights frequently associated with it. To summarize.

It appears the rotting vegetative vegetation in the swamps produced methane CH4 and H2S in ample quantities in certain conditions. Methane is odorless. H2S is not but since it is present in relatively small quantities one does not smell it unless one overturns a shovel full of swamp material which would tend then release a distinct odor I am told.

In addition Phosphine P2S is produced by the reduction of phosphorus compounds in the marsh material. These three gases are not ordinarily do not spontaneously ignite. I am told that a small impurity in the H2S, name P2H4 is slightly flammable and was exposed to air spontaneous ignite which then apparently can serve to ignite the other gases. The phenomena of swamp lights is apparent quite well known and references to it are ample in the literature. Even in modern technical literature these lights, variously as will-o-the-wisp, ignis fatuus, P-x lights etc. have had many stories move around them including such stories as these lights being the souls of the departed as well as elemental mythological entities.


- page 72 -

Technically the are treated in two books to win 1 nd immediate access. Light and Colour in the Open Sky, by Winnert and Chemistry by Sienko and Plane. Where the lights are described even into their colors red, yello, white and green thus matching the colors described by the majority of the witnesses. It is stated that in these books the illuminicent is a form of low temperature chemical luminescence which does not char or burn grass, etc. The lights general are evenescent, burning a here for a moment or so going out, and appearing some feet or axis as another plume of gas spontaneously ignites. This sporatic lighting is general soundless although sometimes a popping noise is heard (this may have the origin of the ricochet sound" Mr Manner reported). The illusion of motion can easily be carried by the sporatic appearance of a wisp of light here and then there.

The lights have never been described as truly bright. They would be visible best to dark adapted eyes on a clear dark night and also on a night while there was no high wind (which would later quickly dissipate the gas as it bubbled up from underneath.

It appears to me that all the major conditions for the appearance of swamp lights were all satisfied both at De ter and Hillsdale.

I can't state with an certainty that this is the correct solution to the problem merely that it is the most likely natural cause. I would of course appreciate learning of other possible natural causes should they be forthcoming. We can, I believe, completely eliminate an solution based on balloons, birds, meteors, stars, etc. because they simply do not fit the consistent data reported to me.


- page 73 -

I therefore presented this likely explanation at the press conference.

The entire matter of a full dress press conference was most distasteful to me because I would rather present carefully, weighted and consistent evidence and conclusions, to a body of scientific colleagues than to a roaring pack of news hounds whose chief interest appears to be in getting a quick story. I recommend once again, as I have often in the past in my capacity as scientific consultant, that the ufo phenomena which has now plagued us for a score of years and has been responsible for countless words in newsprint during the time should be recognized as a scientific and sociological principle of our times and studied as such by competent men in these various fields. Since the first requisition of an scientific investigation is concerned for the quality of the basic data much more attention should be paid to the immediate gathering and processing of such data. I would be most happy to submit a more specific recommendation on the handling of this problem, based on my score of years of experience with the problem if this seems appropriate at this time.

During-the-day-day-investigation:

All notes obtained were gathered all through my working hours on the three days are available in my files.


- page 74 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page with some very faint marks or specks, but no discernible text can be read.


- page 75 -

APPENDIX "A"

The Air Force has been very helpful in making available to me the files on UFO incidents.

This I have done at Maxwell AFB, Alabama, during the period from March 20 to March 21. It does not cover the hundreds of unexplained sightings reported to the thousands of reported cases made not only to Brook AFB, but those from other countries over the past several years, as described in recent books and articles. I have not attempted to do the year 1966, 1965, and those in the eastern states, pending other possible future investigations.

Incidentally, I was not only numbered in my capacity as Scientific Consultant, but numerous additional duties such each case with evidence from multiple public sources to arrive at a more ready analysis. There may be such of these cases which will require in-depth studies.

I think not by mere chance, but by intent, that:

If then, it is true that I am not taking a broader statement to cover the entire 1950 phenomenon over the past 20 years in this and other countries,

I am prepared to discuss the facts and fill-in the sightings.

Now in addition to these two specific cases, I have not been a flood of other reports from this area, both before and after Sunday and Monday, and I could not possibly have had the time to investigate all of these. I have had time, however, to determine that, in this case, some and NICAP the evidence and hearsay reporting by the young ladies at Hillsdale College on a very unusual evening, particularly just how close with these.


- page 76 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

I have now investigated the two sightings recently so the pages were taken on March 17, and while there is no evidence that goes to the subjective, peripheral, and insufficient statements I have been able to do in this short time.

At long last now, the Doctor and Williams agree. Here are the hard facts, the residue, the common denominator after sifting out as much of the subjective, peripheral, and insufficient statements as I have been able to do in this short time.

The majority of observers in both cases reported only light-red, yellow and green, white glowing lights, near the ground. They have not described an object. Even the only two observers who did describe an object have stated that they were no closer than 500 yards-closer than a quarter of a mile away-a distance which does not allow details to be determined.

Witnesses have described flowing lights-lights that seemed to move but never for a definite locale, or which seemed to disappear and popped up at another place. Now what was that locale in both instances? In both cases, a scene. In both cases the locale of the UFO was pin-pointed:

in Carter it was seen between two distinct groups of people, and at Hillsdale it was seen in a swampy depression between the girls and distant trees. It was in both cases a very localized phenomenon. I think that this is a most significant point.

A dismal swamp is a good twilight place for a visit from outer space.

It is not a place where a helicopter would hover for several hours, or where a searchlight, secret device would likely to control.

Now what is a swamp? It is a place of rotting vegetation and decomposition. Swamps are not the usual environment of the government; usually one sees a place like this as a place where something else might be interested.


- page 77 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

somewhere, however, in the book...

with to say about these. He developed little gas bubbles. The lights, 

caused by an unknown source or what. Phosphorus. The lights,

he says, spread clay form, rise up over one spot and slowly appear in

another, giving the illusion of motion. The colors, he says, are yellowish,

yellow, sometimes red and bluish-green. In back is cold, and the lights do

not burn or char the ground. They can appear for hours at a time and some-

times for a whole night. Generally there is no smell, and usually no

sound, except the popping sound of little explosions, such as from a gas

burner ignites.

Where does he see one from, and what lights do. He points out

torsion produces marsh gas which can be trapped by an under certain

conditions.

When a spring time comes, the gas may be released in some quantity.

The fire, Vincent says, is a form of chain & luminescence and its

low temperature is one of the peculiar features. Possibly it might be an entirely

different study, or an inquiry that

study.

The glowing lights in the were so-

served for two to three hours. No sounds were heard, except for popping

sounds. The lights were red, green or yellow and they appeared to move

sideways, and to rise a short distance. I emphasize this will not be

seen frequently—it is of a unique character. I have never seen it myself

and I am easily understand the ideas of the witnesses who saw it and who

sincerely described what they saw.

It seems likely that in the present state, there were some trapped

gases H2, H2S, PH3, resulting from decomposition of organic materials were

released. The chemistry back by Blore and from the work in this to say: To


- page 78 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

46                DAYTON DA I NEWS
                Wednesday, March 23, 1966

AT Experts Probe Reported
Ghost Ship in Michigan
Pulsating Object Landed
Near Ann Arbor, Farmer Says

HILLSDALE, Mich., Mar. 23 — (UPI) — An Air
Force investigating team today trudged through soggy
farm fields and interviewed persons who reported sighting a glowing "ghost ship" in an attempt to identify the
mysterious object.

Fifty persons in the Ann
Arbor area reported similar
sightings Monday and their descriptions were similar to those
of 55 people at Hillsdale college
who said they saw an object
which drew in "mushroom-like
their dormitory Monday night.

UNABLE to find a tape recorder, cameras or short hand
equipment, the investigating
team of Sara Roebeck, 13, a Cleveland, Ohio, woman, and Frank
Morse of the group's agreed-upon
findings in longhand.

The Hillsdale police said
that their investigation of
the sightings was inconclusive.

IN ADDITION to the reports sighted by Mrs. Kellogg's team, an assistant dean of
women who was a newspaper
reporter in Tass, N. J., before joining the college staff
When she was called to the

during the past few days.

DR. H. ALLEN Hynek, the
top Air Force scientific adviser
on unidentified flying objects
(UFOS), yesterday quizzed a
swamp on his land Sunday and
was observed by his family and
by sheriff's deputies.


- page 79 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[First paragraph is partially illegible]

Logan FL, with light to normal by reason of naturally occurring phosphorus component.

Other scientists have noted that in the late 1920's the formation of H2S and OH, from settling vegetation is common. These could be ignited by the spontaneous burning of the Phosphine, PH3.

It would seem to me that the association of the sightings with swamps, in these particular cases, is more than coincidental. No group of witnesses observed any craft coming to or going way from the swamp. The glow was localized there. Deputy Fitzgerald described the glow as being from beyond a rise adjacent to the swamp, and visible through the trees. He stated that the lights originated and dimmed much as deep lights do - smoothly and slowly. The glow at Hillsdale involved three identical things. This could have been due to the release of possible quantities of marsh gas.

The disappearance of the light when people or close with flash-lights or car lights, would indicate that the glow would only to be decayed eyes. The night was dark nowhere was no moon. The Hillsdale girls kept their room dark in order to see the lights in the swamp.

I emphasize in conclusion that I cannot prove in a Court of Law that this is the full explanation of these sightings. It appears very likely, however, that the combination of the conditions of this particular winter, as unusually mild as in this area, and the particular weather conditions that might - there was little wind at either location - were such as to have produced this unusual and puzzling display.


- page 80 -

23 - 28 MARCH 1966 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER           EVALUATION

23      Ft Pierce, Florida         [redacted]         Insufficient Data
23      New Orleans, Louisiana                        Aircraft
23      Alvion, California         [redacted] (PHOTOS) 1. Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
                                                      2. Photo: Other (LIGHT
                                                         HOUSE)

23      Klamath, California                           Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
23      Ft Jackson, South Carolina  Military          1. Aircraft
                                                      2. Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
                                                      3. Astro (VENUS)
                                                      UNIDENTIFIED

23      Temple, Oklahoma (missing)                    Aircraft
23      Portsmouth, New Hampshire                     Satellite
23      Houston, Texas                                Aircraft

24      Klamath, Oregon             Military          Astro (JUPITER)
24      Lincoln, Nebraska                             Insufficient Data
24      Sheboygan, Wisconsin                          Aircraft
24      Central, Wisconsin          Multiple          Aircraft
24-     San Francisco, California                     Other (SATELLITE DECAY)
25-Apr  New York, New York                            Insufficient Data
25      Macon, Georgia                                1. Satellite (PEGASUS II)
                                                      2. Aircraft
                                                      Insufficient Data

25      Hemmet, California          Civilian          Insufficient Data
25      Chicago, Illinois                             Insufficient Data
25      Truax Field, Wisconsin      Military (RADAR)  Insufficient Data
25      Houston, Texas                                Astro (VENUS)
25      Portland, Maine                               Other (SATELLITE)
25      Pine Bluff, Arkansas                          Other (SATELLITE)
25      Toledo, Ohio                                  Astro (MOON)
25      Cambria, California                           Aircraft
25      Colorado Springs, Colorado   Multiple         Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
25      Erlanger, Kentucky                            Other (SATELLITE)

26      Preble County, Ohio         Multiple          Satellite (ECHO II)
26      Texhoma, Oklahoma                             UNIDENTIFIED
26      Greenfield, Wisconsin                         Insufficient Data

26-27   Kent, Tacoma, McCord AFB, Wash                Balloon
27      Greenville, Vandalia, Piqua, Ohio Civilians   Astro (VENUS)
27      Winfield, Louisiana                           Astro (METEOR)
27      Rome, New York                                Aircraft
27      Bridgeton, New Jersey                         Other (CLOUDS/CONTRAILS)
27      Between Salem & Ash Flat, Arkansas            Insufficient Data
27      Xenia, Ohio                                   Insufficient Data
27      Swansee, Massachusetts                        Astro (MOON)
27      Rome, New York                                Insufficient Data
28      Malden, Massachusetts                         Astro (VENUS)
28      Sulpher Grove, Oldtown, Ohio   Civilian       Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
28      Colorado Springs, Colorado                    Astro (VENUS)
28      West Hampton Beach, New York                  Insufficient Data
28      West Milton, Kettering, Fairborn, Ohio        Other (SATELLITE)
28      Toledo, Ohio                                  Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
28      Kettering, Ohio                               Satellite (PEGASUS II)
28      Toledo, Ohio                                  Aircraft
                                                      Satellite (ECHO II)
28      Eastmont, Ohio               Civilian         Insufficient Data
28      Payton, Ohio                                  Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
28      Toledo, Ohio


- page 81 -

23 - 28 MARCH 1966 SIGHTINGS
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                           SOURCE                  EVALUATION
23      East Rochester, New Hampshire      Newsclipping            Satellite
26      Nampula, Lisbon, Portugal          Newsclipping            Reflections
27      Columbus, Georgia                  (Phone)
27      Dayton, Ohio                       Photos
27      Orlando, Florida


- page 82 -

Pentagon
To Get
Aid Plea

The U.S. Air Force dispatched an astrophysicist to Michigan Tuesday, and Rep. Weston Vivian (D, Mich.) announced he would ask the Department of Defense for help.

Both moves resulted from a rash of mysterious flying objects seen in southern Michigan skies the past few nights.

To make to case an expert eye on the flashing lights and odd flight routines of the objects, the Air Force is sending an astrophysicist to the area.

There was a crowd in the vicinity when a large glowing object settled into a swamp near the farm home of Frank Mannor near Ann Arbor Sunday night. A dozen policemen and deputies, as well as about 10 others, watched as Frank and his son Ronald, 18, trudged into the swamp to track the thing down.

They saw four other glowing objects hover in the sky as something (the one on the ground. The latter sped off as if alarmed when Ronald sped to within about 500 yards.

The returning objects were chased by a half-dozen police cars, but the earthbound vehicles could not keep pace with the flying visitors.

William Van Horn, Hillsdale County Civil Defense Director, said he watched with a group of Hillsdale College students for three hours some 1,200 to 1,500 yards from the object.

Van Horn said the object in the sky was about 20 feet in diameter. He said there were no definite signs of a UFO.

A Clinton Township couple, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Davis, said they first thought the object was a plane in trouble hovering over their home. Emitting considerable smoke, the object hovered and then tilted in mid-air—and they got a good look at it.


- page 83 -

Air Force Sends Top UFO Expert
To Check Michigan Sightings

HILLSDALE, Mich.—(UPI)— A civil defense director, an assistant dean and 87 coeds reportedly watched a glowing object zip past a college dormitory and hover in a swamp for hours.

Their description of the eerie object seen here Monday night tallied closely with that of one seen by more than 50 persons, including 12 policemen, near Ann Arbor, Mich., the previous Sunday night.

The Air Force dispatched its top scientific adviser on unidentified flying objects (UFO) to launch an investigation.

The witnesses said they watched from the second floor of a Hillsdale college girls' dormitory as the object eerily and once zigged right at a dormitory window before slipping quickly.

Mrs. Kelly Hearn, for seven years a newspaper reporter before becoming assistant dean of women, assistant professor of English and housemother of the dorm, had the coeds take notes as they watched the object for four hours.

They and William Van Horn, Hillsdale county civil defense director, said the object dimmed its lights when police cars approached, brightened again when they went away, and landed an Air Force beacon.

Barbara Kohn, 21, New Castle, Pa., and Cynthia Poffenberger, 16, Cleveland, were the first to see the object. They described its shape as roughly that of a football. It was roughly the same description given by a man and his son who reported they saw an eerie object land in a swamp Sunday night 15 miles northeast of here near Ann Arbor.

The Air Force announced it is sending Dr. H. Allen Hynek, chairman of Dearborn University's Northwestern University, Evanston, Ill., and scientific consultant to the Air Force's "Project Blue Book" program to track down the reports of unidentified flying objects.

Hynek set up his headquarters at Selfridge Air Force Base, Mt. Clemens, Mich., near the southern Michigan section where UFOs have been reported several times lately.


- page 84 -

Memos for the Record: Ann Arbor, Michigan, night of 20 Mar 66

Received a phone call from Dr J Allen Hynek on the morning of 21 March 1966. He had heard on a NBC broadcast on radio this morning, 21 March 1966 of a UFO landing in Ann Arbor, Michigan, several witnesses, metallic craft landed in marsh. More than one observer.

Dr Hynek wanted us to be on the look out for a report from there.

Immediately following Dr Hynek's call, Major Quintanilla called Mrs Hunt and informed her that we had not received any official reports concerning a landing at Ann Arbor, Michigan.

At 1230 on 21 March 1966 Major Quintanilla spoke with Major Davis, SAFOI, ext 55309 or 73002 regarding Ann Arbor, Michigan sighting. Informed him we did not have an official report on it. Dr Hynek had heard it on the radio and notified us. Major Davis had inquiries from regarding UFOs and has three questions. What do we know of UFO in Ann Arbor. What sighting does this become and when did we start keeping records.

As of 1 March 1966 we had 10147 cases. We started to keep records in 1947. Major Davis read the UPI 53 - At least 40 persons saw a UFO land in Ann Arbor, Michigan, police said today. Twelve observers were policeman, they saw erie blinking lights, apparently on the flying objects. Object arose above the tree topes then dip again.

7 Other policemen saw a formation of 4-5 objects, one flew over their car. A farmer and his son came within 400-500 yards from object. Some saw it on the ground others saw it in the air. Police slogged through the swam then went down and landed. Farmer drew a sketch, picture shape of football, waffle metal, blinking lights and antenna. ( We have not had any official reports)


- page 85 -

From Our Point Of View:
Flying Saucer Reports Come On Big News Day

The chief topic of conversation in these parts lately has been the unidentified flying objects seen in the skies over southeastern Michigan the past two weeks. The sighting of what was supposedly a UFO near Dexter last Sunday night was followed by a report one night later of another flying object which hovered over a hollow near a Hillsdale College dormitory.

Within a very short time, Ann Arbor and Washtenaw County came in for a literal spate of national publicity. Calls were received from as far away as Los Angeles and Miami, and suddenly the area was swarming with representatives of the different news media. "Saucer" jokes became the new laugh-getter and people took a new interest in night skies.

IT IS CERTAIN that Dexter farmer Frank Manner, the Hillsdale College coach and Sheriff Long Darby's deputies saw something that appeared to slow and move rapidly aloft. The popular notion that these objects are "extraterrestrial" and created by "intelligent beings from some distant planet is entertained seriously by some, scorned at by others.

Saucer Sightings Soaring in State

Reports of unidentified flying objects (UFO) darting across the skies of southeastern Michigan mounted Wednesday as an Air Force investigating team continued its probe of earlier sightings.

The latest sightings were reported Tuesday night in Hillsdale and Washtenaw counties, where similar sightings were reported Sunday and Monday night.

In another development, a 16-year-old Monroe area boy produced a film which he said contained a picture of a "flying saucer" that flew over his house Friday night.

Dr. H. A. Hynek, a top Air Force scientific adviser on unidentified flying objects, spent Wednesday interviewing witnesses of earlier sightings. Dr. Hynek, a Northwestern University astrophysicist, is conducting his investigation in secrecy.

Commenting on the Michigan sightings, Dr. Hynek said: "These reports are more consistent than most of the other sightings I've investigated."

Frank Manner, of Dexter, who reported a flying object landed near his home Sunday night, reported Wednesday that vandals had smashed the windshield of his car.

Calls to The News regarding the reports was from a Los Angeles newspaper. The caller wanted to know what The News was doing "to quiet the population." The only reply the reporter could think of was "Who's excited?"

Warden Paul Sartwell of the Federal Correctional Institution at Milan was probably just as happy that the Ann Arbor area has the focus of national attention for the UFO story and the possible AEC accelerator site Tuesday. It helped in his efforts to move no-nonsense prisoner Joseph Valachi into the prison with a minimum of attention.

The question of whether man is alone in the universe has been discussed and debated for a long time. Even the most knowledgeable and scholarly men have made serious errors in judgment, and perhaps it is naive, even presumptuous, to automatically reject the idea that man may have company intelligent life on other planets. In one of the incidents of the U.S. space program is to find out whether our neighboring planets support life in one form or another.


- page 86 -

3 UFOs Explained: Find Flares

HILLSDALE - The rash of top that report, they were stop-
ped by a mysterious flying oil-red by several boys who saw a
UFO centered Wednesday and flashing red light on W. Bacon
Street, which police said today in Hillsdale County as Street. That was a blinking, un-
hundreds of persons armed with steady porch light, police said.

Still unexplained is the report-
ed sighting Tuesday evening by Mrs. Larry Wolff, Mr. and
Mrs. Angelo Lo Predo and 12-
year-old Susan Merrill of two ob-
jects, one red and orange, the
other blue and green, moving
across the sky at high speed.

Meanwhile, a Pennsylvania
man claimed the sightings of
three UFOs rising from squad-
rons, and Jesse Dixon, who
claimed properties near the
home of President Kennedy
would be arrested if transfers
were caught perpetrating a
hoax.

City Police said a report of
an orange and red object hov-
ering east of the city, spotted
by residents of the Old Omega
Sorority house of Hillsdale Col-
lege, was a reflection from a
weather vane at the municipal
airport. A second report, of a

Alfred Dickens, a mainten-
ance man for the York County,
Pa., Gas Co., said Saucer-like
objects could be reset similar
to those seen in Hillsdale and-

them through the swamps and
thickets then shot with shells,
breaking them into smaller
shapes.

Dickens said the objects were
a formation of luminous pas
from decaying leaves which
would float through the woods
on air currents.

Mrs. Dixon, who has been
forecasting the future for three
decades and claims to have pre-
dicted events from the Alaskan
earthquake in 1964 to the re-
moval of the adenoids of her
secretary's son, said she thinks
the objects are from earth.

"I think they are planes or
military craft of some kind -
but not from outer space," she
said Wednesday. "I think they
are from the other side - they
are either from the enemy, or
our own Air Force."

She says she gets her predic-
tions from a psychic reaction -
a kind of vibration. "I can
even get vibrations over the
phone," she once said.

William Van Horn, Hillsdale
County civil defense director,
reported the discovery of the re-
mains of several flares near
Hillsdale College, and said there
would be arrests if pranksters

Police in Westport, Conn.,
Wednesday said fire persons
there purchased weather bal-
loons, inflated them with gas
and attached railroad flares to
cause UFO reports.

HILLSDALE OBJECTS - Mrs. Jason Merrill of Hillsdale made these drawings of unidentified
flying objects which her daughter, Susan, 12, viewed and described Tuesday night. Broken line
at top indicates path of a pair of light which described the object intermittently. The object was described
as 20-25 feet across and 15 feet high, with three lights in the lower half flashing red, white and
green, but in no particular sequence. (AP Photo)

She said she does not get at-
mospheric vibrations that the
UFOs now here sighted in
Michigan and the eastern part
of the United States are extra-
terrestrial.


- page 87 -

Here is the text from the document:

NEWS                                                Pages 17 to 21

UFO Reported

the Dexter Village Police De-    Later Uniformed Sheriff's over Island Lake Rd. They pur-
partment said he saw what ap-    Deputies Stanley McFadden and sued the object westward until
peared to be the same object     David Fitzpatrick reported shin-    it disappeared.
which baffled the Manners,       ing a searchlight from their      Chelsea village police also
Tuinvall had parked his scout    scout car on one of the objects.   reported seeing unidentified fly-
car at the Quigley-Brand inter-  The officers had taken part in    ing objects near the village,
section, while Dexter Police     the swamp search four Quigley    with Patrolman Charles Sharp
Chief Robert Taylor and Patrol-  Rd., had seen the brilliant     reporting he pursued one of the
man Noah Lee entered the         white-red light and were patrol-  objects in his scout car but lost
search area with sheriff's depu- ling on N. Territorial Rd. near   it.
ties.                            Mast Rd. after the light disap-
Tuinvall said the object sud-    peared.                           The sheriff said his men found
denly appeared over his patrol                                     no evidence of a landing hav-
car at a height of about 1,000   Suddenly, a strange, lighted     ing been made in the Dexter
feet. The object had white and   object appeared overhead and      Township area.
red lights on it which at times  the deputies immediately turned   "If there actually is some
had a "glow like" it however     on a spotlight on their cruiser   type of flying object now mak-
over the scout car and then      and aimed it at the object.       ing periodic visits, this theory
made a circling sweeps over      From what we could see the       of one coming down for a brief
the swamp where the first ob-    object was as large as a small    moment and then going away
ject had been reported down      house, kind of pushed down        seems to be the best explana-
there, he said.                  flat," said McFadden, a veteran   tion," the sheriff said. "Right
    He said he watched it for    of seven years police work with   now we're continuing anything
five to six minutes before it    the Ann Arbor Police Depart-     but a routine investigation."
moved in the direction it came.  ment and the Sheriff's Depart-
Initially the first object's and  ment. "I'd heard reports of     The original point of last
the object's view in formation   some aircraft five or six years   night's sightings was at almost
was with one of McFadden's      ago and improvements which       exactly the spot where Charles
most reliable witnesses. They    may affect life over heard of."  Wiedman of 2611 Madden Rd.,
finally disappeared into the sky Mcfadden and Fitzpatrick       Dexter Township, reported a
Tuinvall said.                   said that as they watched, the   flying quiet more than five
                                 object suddenly turned and       years ago.
                                 disappeared to the north.
                                    After that reports, Sheriff's   Wiedman and his son ran a
                                 detectives Charles J. Anders     farm near their home one night
                                 and Brian Harvey were returning   almost straight upward to a
                                 headquarters when they spotted   they approached it and disap-
                                 another strange object in the sky.

Kelley Alters
PCHA Charges
(Special to The News)           PCHA investigation and because   
GROSSE POINTE - Atty.           of new facts which have come
Gen. Frank J. Kelley late this   to light recently, new warrants
morning obtained warrants in     will be requested.
Grosse Pointe Municipal Court    "In the meantime it is deemed
charging two former Pointe       advisable and fair to dismiss
Community Hospital Authority     the pending conspiracy charge
officers with "unlawfully using  against Messrs. Fitzpatrick and
or allowing to be used public    Kerr and Fitzpatrick for which
monies of the PCHA and dis-      there was to be an examination
bursing public monies for un-    today in Detroit's Common
lawful purposes."                Pleas Court.

The warrants were issued by     The new charges will be de-
Grosse Pointe Municipal         tailed at the time of the issu-


- page 88 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

THE ANN ARBOR
Ann Arbor, Michigan, Monday, March 21, 1966

Landing Of 'Sa

LANSING UPI -- Frederick Frank Manner who lives on a green color, he said. "That col-
E. Davis, state police com- farm at 1960 Michigan in Dexter Township, Wagner told sher- or turned a
missioner and Michigan civil iff's deputies at 8:30 p.m. yes- Several times when the ob-
defense chief, said today he terday that a strange flying ob- ject became brightly lighted, the
is launching an investigation ject appeared to land in a color would change from a dull
into reports of unidentified swampy area on the McGinnis yellow to a brilliant red and
flying objects near Ann Arbor. property at the intersection of sometimes to a yellowish white.

By William B. Treml
Washington County, which
has become the center of a
"flying saucer center" of the
Midwest, again was in the news
yesterday with a flurry of "saucer" reports, including one which said an object
had actually landed in Dexter
Township.

More than 40 police officers
from the Sheriff's Department,
Dexter and Chelsea village Po-
lice Departments, and State Po-
lice joined area residents in
searching the half-flooded area
where the "landed" craft was
reported. However, these search-
ers said they saw strange ob-
jects during the life - hour
hunt.

A recent report which began
the massive search came from
Wagner of Dexter and

North Territorial Rd. and east As Manner watched, the
of the Dexter Town Hall Rd., craft suddenly went out and
about five miles north and west in an instant the object disap-
of the village of Dexter. peared across the swamp about

Manner, 46, said he and his 5 yards away from the original
son, Ronald, went "object mo- position, deputies were told.
ments after they said a When flashlights used by
craft had descended to the approaching deputies touched
ground. it, the light from the object

Manner said he and his son became very bright and the
had a "quilted" effect, a whistle- object completely out, Manner
like sound, and a one-shaped said.
toward lights in the air, passed "We then this object went
directly over the house and dis- out," Manner said. "Then it
appeared. Patrolman Robert Honawill

Reports Set
On City Use
Of Lawyers

Reports relating to p r o c e-
dures involved in hiring out-
side counsel for the city attor-
ney's office will be presented to
the City Council at its regular
7:30 p.m. meeting today.

The council will also be pre-
sented with a resolution pre-
pared by Fourth Ward Councilman John R. Hathaway which
urges the powers of the city
attorney in obtaining outside
help.

In other business tonight the
council will conduct a public
hearing on an amendment to
the zoning control ordinance.

How ?? Look!
This drawing of one of the unidentified
flying objects reported over Dexter Township
last night was made by Sheriff's Cpl. David
B. Severance from descriptions provided by
witnesses 25 miles west of the area in
which it appeared.


- page 89 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ARBOR NEWS
Tuesday, March 22, 1966

No Probe 'Saucers'

[and the object reappeared some impressions," Harvey reported.
distance away. Moments later it was gone, Manner said.
Sheriff's Detective Harold Sunday night write complete re-
Kirk used a Geiger counter to ports on their experiences, and
throughout the area where Man- he is combining those reports
ner said he saw the object, but with others made when depu-
in trace of radioactive vasties was other objects last
found. The sheriff said there Wednesday night and in March
was "absolutely no physical ev- 14.
idence" of an object landing in Harvey said a rumor that his
or near the swamp. department had a film taken of

"By this I mean there was no one of the objects apparently
arrested or burned grass, no stemmed from pictures taken
depression in the ground, brush several pictures. He said
or weeds, no imprint which al- the two been sent to New York
leges the presence of an object for processing but it is consid-
and no trace or ground im- ered confidential that anything
pression," he said. was found when the reports

Harvey said he was making were checked out. One of the
no "hard and fast judgment on reports was made by John Mon-
these reports." roe, Washington St., and his

"I know my men and I trust men and I trust deputies, he said, "I don't who told deputies he and his
know what it is, but I am sure partner had seen strange ob-
they have seen something jects in the sky over N. Terri-
else." torial Rd. near Hadley Rd.

The reports of the flying Lyndon Township and again in
saucers" brought scores of re- over Dexter Rd. in Scio Town-
quests by far-flung news media ship.

tenaw County Sheriff's Depart- seems to be the center for the
ment. The County Jail switch- "flying saucer" viewings for
board received receiving calls from local area apparently
from radio and television sta- doesn't have exclusive rights to
tions and newspapers in Ha- the strange happenings.
waii, Canada, California, New William Van Horn, 41-year-old
York City and Miami, Fla. Civil Defense director for Hills-

Yesterday afternoon as t h e dale County, reported he and 87
sheriff was county CD representa- villagers watched the
tives were preparing to leave the an eerie, hovering flying object
jail for the Alanner farm to in a swampy hollow near a
check the "landing area," there school dormitory last night.
were 11 different news media Van Horn said he watched the
representatives awaiting inter- unidentified object through bi-
views. noculars for the three hours. He

Last night crowds of curious said it emitted wavering orange,
and searching rain and red and white lights and hov-
lightning continued thunder ered over the swamp about 1-
over the Alanner farm area. 1/2 miles from the girls' dormi-

Sheriff's deputies said they re- tory.
ceived several reports of sight- The U.S. Air Force said today
ings last night, but nothing was it is calling in Dr. H. Allen
found when the reports were Hynek, chairman of the Dear-
checked out. One of the re- born Observatory at Northwest-
ports was made by John Mon- ern University in Evanston, Ill.
roe, Washington St., and his In investigating the sightings in
partner, who said they saw Washtenaw and Hillsdale Coun-
strange objects in the sky over ties, Hynek will work out of
Territorial Rd. Selfridge Air Force Base.

Dr. Clemens is scientific
consultant to the Air Force
"Project Blue Book," the offi-
cial program to track down fly-
ing objects.

Council Postpones
Attorney Subject

By Ron Cordray
Discussion of policies relat-
ing to the hiring of outside help
by the city attorney's office was
postponed by the City Council
last night.

Fourth Ward Councilman
John P. Hathaway said that it would be substantial.

Discussing the matter, he said reviewed and continued by suc-
or that it would be substantial. ceeding councils since that date.
in the unlikely circumstance of "I believe it is a matter of know-
a sudden emergency, I would ing what the city attorney does
inform the council at its next hours a week or city business.
meeting," he said. This is generally between 8 a.m.

Partner also said the reten- and 5 p.m. and often evenings
tion of the Detroit attorney and weekends, sometimes on


- page 90 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Section Three

THE ANNA
Ann Arbor, Michigan

U. S. Asked

The U. S. Defense Department and the U.S. Air Force officials officially "invited" into a widening investigation of strange, flying objects seen over Washtenaw County three times in the past eight days.

Rep. Weston E. Vivian of the Second Congressional District told Sheriff Douglas J. Harvey yesterday he will make an official inquiry of the Defense Department and the Air Force into the unidentified flying objects.

Harvey had told the Ann Arbor congressman that he had been ignored in repeated attempts to contact federal officials and detectives visited the [Brand] Quigley kids, area in Dexter Township where one of the "flying saucers" reportedly made a brief landing last Sunday night. Frank Manner of the McGiness farm on whose object supposedly landed, recorded to Harvey Miller and Miller said the sightings he and his father, Ronald, made of the object with glowing red and green lights was in a marshy area and about 500 yards from him and his son. When Ronald spoke, the Miller and a half dozen deputies went out momentarily.

Assessment
Program
Defended

Answering charges that the city's assessment nonpaysal program is discriminatory, City Assessor Walter H. Luide last night defended the assessment in the city's sales tax base.

Donald G. McGuigan, 1614 Morton, charged in a letter in the council that the city's current repaysal program violates the uniform taxation procedure. H. estimated that some of the city's 1962-63 figures while a small section (the Burns Park area) is based on 1955 figures.

He said the city's program of reassessing about 20 per cent of the city annually is "discriminatory" and said any taxpayer could get a court ruling.

Department of Labor Saving

He Describes Flying

Frank Manner, 46, of Dexter Township, shown here with his teen-age son, Ronald, says he landed briefly in a swampy area near his home above sheriff's saw [flying object]


- page 91 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOURNAL HERALD, DAYTON, OHIO    21 MARCH 1966

UFOs Again Reported
Over Michigan Area

ANN ARBOR, Mich.—(AP)—There may be something besides spring in the air over southern Michigan.

Three times in a week residents of the nearby community of Dexter have reported spotting unidentified flying objects floating through the night air.

The latest sightings were made by more than a score of persons, including police officers. Officers using geiger counters searched the area yesterday but said they found nothing.

"I got within 500 yards of that thing and it looked pyramidshaped. It had a light here and a light there and what looked like a porthole," said Frank Manor, Jr. of Dexter.

"I still don't believe it," said Stan McFadden, 27, a Washtenaw county sheriff's deputy.

Dexter Patrolman Robert Huntzell said the flying object he saw had red and green flashing lights and at one time zipped down to hover "within 10 feet" of a police patrol car. When it rose again, said Huntzell, it was joined by a similar object.

Manor said he was indoors when he noticed flashing lights through a window.

His son, Robert, 19, and his wife, Leona, also saw the object.

"It wasn't like the pictures of a flying saucer and it had a callable surface. I've never seen anything like it," said Manor.

McFadden was one of about 20 deputies in seven patrol cars sent to the area to investigate Manor's report.

He said he and deputy Dave Fitzpatrick tried to reach the object by walking up to it but it kept out of as near as they approached.

Dexter Police Chief Robert Taylor who was accompanied by Patrolman A. G. Lee, said, "We saw it from the hill. It looked it was down in the swamp. We saw the red glow and with binoculars we could see it. It was a pulsating red light. When we got into the swamp there wasn't anything there."

Flying objects are not new to Michigan, especially in warmer weather when more people are outdoors.

Previous sightings were made in the Dexter area last Thursday and a week ago Sunday. Police pictures made at the time failed to develop. A rain of sightings was reported in the area in the Dexter area but details were not immediately available.

At the time that radar showed nothing unusual in the area.


- page 92 -

Some text appears to be illegible or partially obscured in this document. I will transcribe the text I can clearly read:

[Top of page has some markings: "A" and "11"]

[The text is partially obscured and fragmented, with many words not fully readable. I can make out partial phrases and words, but cannot confidently reconstruct full sentences.]

-1-

[Bottom of page contains a wavy line graph or signal trace]

Due to the poor image quality and significant text obscuration, I cannot provide a complete and accurate transcription of the full document text.


- page 93 -

Much of the text on this page is illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. While some words and fragments are visible, I cannot confidently reproduce a complete, accurate transcription of the text. The document appears to be a typewritten page with multiple paragraphs, but the details are too blurry to read with certainty.


- page 94 -

Here is the text from the document:

A1332T
UFO (GOO)

(VIEW: ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN)

ANN ARBOR TODAY WITH PHOTOGRAPHIC EVIDENCE DATED FITZPATRICK SAID HERE TODAY THAT WHILE PHOTOGRAPHING A LIGHT IN THE SKY WHICH HE SAID WERE SOME WEIRD UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS, HE OBSERVED SWOOSHING MORE THAN A SCORE OF PEOPLE INCLUDING SOME DEPUTIES AND POLICE HAVE ALSO REPORTED SIGHTING.

HILLS NORTHWEST OF ANN ARBOR, HE SAID THE GLOWING OBJECT TOOK OFF AFTER BEING STATIONARY. FITZPATRICK SAID HE USED HIS PERSONAL CAMERA, FILM AND TRIPOD TO TAKE PICTURES. HE SAID DOUGLAS J. HARVEY, WESTERN MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY ASTROPHYSICIST, SAID THAT HE HAD SEEN REPORTS OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS, AND NOT SEEN FITZPATRICK'S PHOTOGRAPHS, SEVERAL HOURS LATER.

DAYTON, OHIO, HE APPARENTLY TOOK THE PHOTOGRAPHS TO COME UP WITH SOME EXPLANATION WITHIN 24 HOURS. HE GAVE NO HINT OF WHAT IT MIGHT BE.

The text appears to be a news report about a UFO sighting in Ann Arbor, Michigan, with details about a witness named Fitzpatrick who photographed a glowing object in the sky.


- page 95 -

Major Quintarilla,

Took a call from the WIFE Radio in Indianapolis, Indiana 0915.

Wanted to know if we were going to send an investigative team to Indiana today. There was UFO that crashed into a gravel pit last night, 24 Mar 66, at 2030 hours near Indianapolis and the sheriff is on the scene at present. I informed them that we had not received a report from Indianapolis and could do nothing until the observer reported his observation to the Air Force. The radio station replied that he figured it wouldn't be reported since the sheriff was on the scene. Thanked us.

Marilyn


- page 96 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO'S (320)
BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
ANN ARBOR, MICH. -- MARCH 21 (AP)--THERE MAY BE SOMETHING BESIDES
SPRING IN THE AIR OVER SOUTHERN MICHIGAN.
THREE TIMES IN A WEEK RESIDENTS OF THE NEARBY COMMUNITY OF DEXTER
HAVE REPORTED SPOTTING UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS FLOATING THROUGH
THE NIGHT AIR.
THE LATEST SIGHTINGS WERE MADE LAST NIGHT BY MORE THAN A SCORE
OF PERSONS. TICKLING POLICE OFFICERS, USING CLEAR
COUNTERS SEARCHED THE AREA TODAY BUT SAID THEY FOUND NOTHING.
"I GOT WITH 100 YARDS OF THAT THING AND IT LOOKED PYRAMID-SHAPED.
IT HAD A LIGHT HERE AND A LIGHT THERE AND IT LOOKED LIKE A POTHOLE,"
SAID FRANK MANNOR, 47, OF DEXTER.
"I STILL DON'T BELIEVE IT," SAID STAN MCFADDEN, 27, A WASHTENAW
COUNTY SHERIFF'S DEPUTY.
DEPUTY PATROLMAN ROBERT HINKELL SAID THE FLYING OBJECT HE SAW
HAD RED AND GREEN FLASHING LIGHTS AND AT ONE TIME ZIPPED DOWN
TO HOVER WITHIN 10 FEET OF A POLICE PATROL CAR.
SAID HINKELL, IT WAS JOINED BY A SIMILAR OBJECT.
MANNOR SAID HE WAS INDOORS WHEN HE NOTICED FLASHING LIGHTS
THROUGH A WINDOW.
HIS SON, ROBERT, 19, AND HIS WIFE, LEONA, ALSO SAW THE OBJECT.
"IT WAS," SAID THE PICTURES OF A FLYING SAUCER AND IT HAD A
CORAL-LIKE SURFACE. I'VE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE IT," SAID
MANNOR.

EA133DT (DM)
INSERT

ANN ARBOR, MICH. -- INSERT UFOS, A115DT, AFTER NINTH GRAPH
(TO UPDATE):

"IT WASN'T A X X X," SHERIFF DOUGLAS J. HARVEY, A DISBELIEVER AT FIRST
BUT NOW CONVINCED, ASKED WASHINGTON MONDAY.
"I DIDN'T BELIEVE THESE REPORTS, EITHER, BUT WITH SO MANY
TRAINED POLICE PERSONNEL AND RELIABLE CITIZENS HAVING SEEN THEM
(THE OBJECTS), I MUST BELIEVE SOMETHING IS IN THE WASHTENAW COUNTY
SKIES," HARVEY SAID.
HARVEY SAID CONGRESSMAN VESTON VIVIAN, ANN ARBOR DEMOCRAT, IS TO
INQUIRE TOMORROW IN WASHINGTON OF THE DEFENSE DEPARTMENT.
HE IS, A HARVEY WANTS A CONTACT WITH THE EXPERTS. HE SAID HE
HAD FAILED IN A PERSONAL EFFORT TO REACH THE DEFENSE DEPARTMENT.
"MCFADDEN WAS X X X," 10TH GRAPH A115DT (FIRST GRAPH 2ND TAKE
-120DT).
XA344PES


- page 97 -

Here is the text from the document:

The News and Observer, Wednesday, March 23, 1966 Raleigh, N.C.

FORECAST
Figures Show High Temperature for Daytime Wednesday -
Related Precipitation Not Incl

WET IN THE EAST—A bit coast, except the southeast will rain on the northwest rise in the west and drop in

UFO Eyed
By Many
For Hours
HILLSDALE, Mich. (UPI) — A Civil Defense director, an assistant dean and 87 coeds reported Tuesday they watched a glowing object 2½ past a college dormitory and hover in a swamp for hours.

Their description of the eerie object seen here Monday night tallied closely with that of one seen by more than 50 persons, including 12 policemen, near Ann Arbor, Mich., the previous night.

The Air Force dispatched its top scientific adviser on unidentified flying objects (UFO) to launch an investigation.

The witnesses said they watched the object from a Hillsdale College girls dormitory as its object wobbled, wavered, glowed eerily and once zipped right at a dormitory window, before stopping suddenly.

Coeds Took Notes
Mrs. Kelly Hearn, for seven years a newspaper reporter before becoming assistant dean of English and housemother of the dorm, had the coeds take notes as they watched the object.

The notes from Kohn, 41, Hillsdale County civil defense director, said police cars approached, bright-ened again, when they went away, and dodged an air port beacon light.

Hearn, 21, New Castle, Pa., and Cynthia Pottenberger, 18, Cleveland, Ohio, were the first to see the object.


- page 98 -

Raleigh, N.C.
The News and Observer, Sunday, March 27, 1966     1-3

AF Report
On UFOs
'Mockery'

CLEVELAND Ohio (UPI)—
One of 7 college coeds reportedly seeing mysterious flying objects in Michigan last week Saturday called an Air Force report that the objects were luminous gas a "mock-
ery."

Barbara Kohn, 21 a Hillsdale College student here for a visit at home, accused the Air Force of "not doing its job" in thoroughly reviewing its opinion.

Hynek, a Northwestern University astronomer sent by the Air Force to Hillsdale to investigate the reports, said Friday the objects were "poked by swamp gas."

These objects were not viewed over a swamp but over the college arboretum and the college baseball field. Miss Kohn said, "The arboretum is a carefully tended woods; park with a few small ponds but has no rotting vegetable matter from which gas might have been produced."

Miss Kohn said that Hynek talked to only two coeds, neither one of which had reported seeing the sighted, and that he had made no visits to the dormitories rooms from which the objects were sighted.

Miss Kohn, whose parents live in Castle, Pa., said she viewed them through binoculars and the "outline of the objects were very precise."


- page 99 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SOME DAY...

Saucers for Real?
That Would Bore Us

(New York Times Service)
WASHINGTON, Mar. 29—
The flying saucers seen in
Michigan last week are now
officially dismissed as swamp
gas. It is probably as well.

One of these days a genuine flying saucer will
come to earth, and after the
excitement wears off, there
will be one less mystery in
the universe to keep us
awake.

Psychologists hold that
many of us believe in flying
saucers because we want
flying saucers to exist. Not
so. We can see that it is not
so by considering what will
happen after the first new
flying saucers have landed.

The immediate reaction will
be an intense interest. All
three TV networks will preempt their afternoon schedules, as well as "Batman"
and "I Love Lucy" reruns, to
cover the event, and no one
will telephone the networks
to complain.

THERE WILL be a national
wave of disappointment when
the saucer opens and fails to
disgorge either a tall slim
man who resembles Michael
Rennie or little green men
wearing glass globes around
their heads. The likelihood
that whatever it is that is
able to land missions on
earth from distant worlds
will have any human characteristics is remote.

When the saucer is opened,
it is more likely to contain
cats or flying cockroaches.
Or, it may contain something
utterly uninteresting. Great
balls of moss, perhaps, or
ides of rubber bands.

Now, while a visit from an-

event to look forward to, the
real thing is almost certain to
be an anti-climax, particularly if the visitors are no
more interesting than cats or
rubber bands or great mass
balls.

After the first few landings,
the public will begin to find
the whole business tiresome.
Then years ago, the prediction that man would shortly
travel in space thrilled and
absorbed the world. Recently, when two space travelers encountered a serious
emergency, thousands of people complained because the
networks interrupted favorite
TV programs to report what
was happening.

NOTHING FALLS nowadays as rapidly as a miracle.
After the first few saucer
arrivals, we will ask, "What's
the idea of interrupting Bonanza to report another
saucerload of moss balls?"

This is why the psychologists are wrong. We do not
want flying saucers to exist
because, once their existence
is established, something exciting will go out of life and
saucer landings will take
their place in the humdrum
of daily existence along with
the comings and goings of
Lyndon B. Johnson, the crash
of airliners and the billsgate of politics.

What we want is to preserve the possibility that flying saucers exist without ever
having to confront the real
thing. So long as flying saucers are a possibility, we can
entertain dreams about the
universe.

So long as they are merely
a possibility, it is possible
that they really may have
Michael Rennie aboard, or
little green men with glass
globes around their heads.


- page 100 -

Here is the text from the document:

MANY SEEING SAUCERS
Flying Object Reports Have an Unusually Good Week

By WILLIAM HINES
Star Staff Writer

The last 12 months have been a good year for UFOs and the last few days have been a particularly good week.

UFOs—in case you just arrived from Planet X aboard one and haven't heard about the current furor—are unidentified flying objects, the so-called "flying saucers" that periodically become a news wonder.

A spate of sighting reports has been coming in since last Thursday from a number of localities in southern Michigan and northern Indiana. This seems to be a characteristic of UFO manifestations, which tend to be clustered in space and time.

The most widely publicized UFO sighting in the present series was reported in Dexter, near the university town of Ann Arbor, Mich., on Sunday evening. More than 50 persons, including that ever-reliable observer, the local cop, testified to having seen the object. It was variously described as oval and pyramid in shape, and

Police in Dexter, Mich., drew this sketch of a UFO on the basis of reports from persons who said they saw it.

some observers said it had a blinker on top like that on a police car.

One policeman saw two flying objects during the excitement at Dexter, which may explain the difference of opinion about shape.

Investigations promptly began, as they have done after every major multiple UFO sighting in the last 19 years since the Air Force set up its "Project Blue Book" to snuff out UFO reports.

Both the Air Force and the National Investigating Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) were on the scene at Dexter this week, questioning people who claimed to have seen the saucers.

Among UFO buffs—the people who believe saucers contain visitors from other worlds—the Air Force is regarded as anti-UFO and NICAP as pro-UFO. NICAP is a Washington-based organization with headquarters run by former Marine Maj. Donald E. Keyhoe, the acknowledged high priest of flying saucerdom.

Keyhoe was not in his office yesterday when an inquiry was made about the latest saucer visitation. His assistant, Richard Hall, fielded questions.

Hall said the Dexter sighting is only one of several since March 17. He listed them in his order.

See SAUCERS, Page 4-16


- page 101 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

can Mr. Fixit

[Text appears to be a newspaper column with multiple sections. Some key excerpts include:]

ON THE OTHER hand, Gellhorn said, a single, all-embracing ombudsman in the Scandinavian style "might drown in a sea of genuine or fancied grievances before he could even begin to function."

"The scope and complexity of Federal operations, the geographical dispersal and number of persons these operations affect, argue in favor of creating an administrative Conference in America Mr. Fixit."

[There are additional paragraphs discussing administrative systems and critiques of government operations]

The bottom of the page includes a section titled "Long Guy" which appears to discuss President Lincoln, though the full text is not completely clear.

On the right side of the page, there is a column by someone named Roscoe, which includes discussions about "green people" and social commentary.

The text contains some illegible portions and the scan quality makes some words difficult to definitively transcribe.


- page 102 -

Here is the text from the document:

ds

en contra-
us line on
n by Ford
Laird of

Ford-Laird
Democratic
fight it out
the March
manded a
shanship" in
March 28.
ued a
of United
bombing
ough Ford
d making
dations on
uiries, goes
bers won't
n raw meat
n won't be
he party.

JFK

Tyger direct-
plugging Lt.
Republican
Governor of
tains this

ch has been
w generation
born in this
hard and bit
d of our an-

r is plainly
r. Kennedy's
ess.
Republicans in
egard quoting
u Democratic
a college. But
e country. Re-
rying to adopt
edy as a sym-
paign that
yed far from

"It would be rather—uh—
bad form to do it just
now."

Flying Colors
Do We Want Little Green
Men Moving in Next Door?
By Art Buchwald

WHEN THE flying saucers
were sighted over Ann Ar-
bor, Mich. recently, the first
reaction from one of the residents was "Dammit, there
goes the neighborhood."

It has been reliably reported that occupants of all flying saucers are little green men and this raises a serious problem. Do we want our children to go to school with little green children? What happens to real estate values when the little green people will start moving in on the block?

I spoke to the president of
the AAGP (the National
Association of the Advancement of Green People) the
other day.

He said, "We are very
concerned about the treatment that the little green
people will get when they arrive in the United States.
I'm sure that the first few
will be cordially received,
but as more and more flying
saucers arrive, we will have
a serious social problem."

Cind
Con
A

By Drew

SMART. YC
James J. Sche
creating a stir
by his crusade
ghettos and
through rapid
tems. He argue
to work quick
is the most in
lem cities face
poverty. Yet I
nored.

Three maj
York, Los Ang
ington, illustr
thinking in a
portation age,
pression is
the Watts riot
cles could ha
ed if the riot
"imprisoned in
which they ca

Many of the
employed in
could hold a
sprawling Los
city had up-to-
sit facilities, a
The same is tru
on a Jesse
York is sufferi
dated subway
well as a car
"Middle-class"
didn't suffer
York transit
Scheuer. "Bu
created a cata
poor in Bror
Bronx and B
districts,
only income
their job
urbanites car-

Rus


- page 103 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

dale College reports seeing UFO, either round or oval, that moved back and forth close to the ground. The local civil defense director, William Van Horn, was summoned and went to the college dormitory where the original sighting was made. He personally observed the UFO through binoculars. No one was certain whether the object actually touched down, or whether it hovered a smaller distance above the ground.

Hall said NICAP had received about three more sightings reports in the southern Michigan area, but had not yet compiled enough information to them to be worth discussing. He said active investigation were under way in the La Porte and Dexter cases.

NICAP relies on volunteer workers to contact volunteer Hall explained. The LaPorte investigation is being carried out by Sherman Larson, head of the Michigan NICAP affiliate, NICAP-Chicago. Dexter is under the scrutiny of Maj. John Doty of the Michigan Air National Guard. With Van Horn Strand, of Inkster, Mich., a UFO buff and volunteer helper of NICAP, Hall added.

One AF Man in Field

The Air Force had just one man out in the field, according to Maj. Hector Quintanilla, head of Project Blue Book at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio. This investigator was identified as Dr. J. Allen Hynek, a noted astro-physicist from Northwestern University, who serves as consultant to the Air Force in UFO investigations. Hynek moved into the Ann Arbor area yesterday to talk to people about the Dexter sighting.

Quintanilla reacted with surprise to NICAP's claim of four separate UFO manifestations in five days. He said he had not heard of the Grand Rapids, La Porte and Hillsdale sightings and, possibly because, many reports mass more work did not seem anxious to pursue the matter.

Hall and Quintanilla agreed on one thing in separate inter-

authenticated reports or any direct confrontation between "a little green man" or whatever drives UFOs and humans. The late George Adamski wrote a book describing a ride in a spacecraft full of beautiful Venusians, but serious UFO students discount his report.

1,500 Reports Unexplained

NICAP never has counted the exact number of UFO reports in its file, but has made estimates from time to time. Hall said that from 1958 (when NICAP began operations) until 1964, about 5,000 "first-hand, not newspaper" reports were received. In the last two years they have been about 3,000 more.

Of this 8,000 total, about 1,500 UFO reports seem "pretty substantial and remain unex-plained," Hall said.

Quintanilla reported much more precise data in the Air Force's files. As of a month ago, when its last count was made, Project Blue Book had received 10,147 reports since its inception in 1947. Of these 646 remain unsolved.

The Blue Book Project officer qualified these figures by saying that many of the early sighting reports were hard to track down. Since 1958, the Air Force has handled saucer investigations in another way, and the results in the last 10 years are sharply different. 6,128 reports, only 141 unresolved. This compares directly with the 1,500 "substantial and unexplained" cases in NICAP's files.

In the last year or so, Hall said, NICAP "has received more reports than the Air Force." He was asked whether this might be due to NICAP's reputation for being less skeptical than the Air Force in analyzing UFO reports and Hall agreed that this could account for the situation.


- page 104 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

SAUCERS
UFO Manifestation
On Rise Since July

[Continued From Page A-1]

[Much of the first paragraph is partially cut off or illegible]

Patsy and Margie McClymant, reported seeing a large, oval-shaped object with what looked like portholes around the rim, lights flashing intermittently from the "portholes." The sighting occurred in the evening, not long after sunset. The teenagers said the object was moving monotonously, large very low. As they watched, it took off with a humming sound and went away.

March 10 - La Porte, Indiana, six witnesses including three policemen saw a yellow-white spherical object with two prominent antennae, top and bottom, ascending. It was seen in the afternoon.

March 20 - Dexter, Mich., Ronald (the Associated Press) said him and Robert Manzor, while the Detroit News photographer was taking pictures, saw a precise account of the sighting about 7:30 p.m. in a woods near their house. Police officers and a large number of private citizens also saw the object.

The father-son pair described their UFO as pyra-midal, while others said it was dome with a disc on top.

Defense Director Confirms

March 21 - Hillsdale, Michigan, college reports seeing a F.O. either round or oval, that moved back and forth close to ground. The local college director, William Van Horn, was summoned and went to the college dormitory where the original sighting was made. The person who observed the UFO said he was certain whether the object actually touched down, or was a small distance above the ground.

Hall said NICAP had received about three more sightings reports in the southern Michigan area, but had not yet completed enough information for active investigations were made by in the La Porte and Dexter areas.

NICAP relies on volunteer investigators, Hall explained. The LaPorte investigation is being carried out by Sherman Larson, head of the investigation.

John Doty of the Michigan National Guard was assigned by Air Guard Lt. Col. Howard Strand, of Kalamazoo, a UFO buff and volunteer helper of NICAP, Hall said.

An AF Man in Field

The Air Force had just one man in the field, according to Hall, investigating the sightings. This investigator from Northwestern University was Dr. J. Allen Hynek, who has been Project Blue Book's scientific consultant.

[Rest of text is partially cut off or illegible]

World Events Going On

According to Hall, the Michigan-Indiana sightings are just part of a worldwide UFO manifestation that has been going on since last July. The visitations have been reported from northern Texas and Oklahoma to New Hampshire after a lull with a "very intense concentration" in New Hampshire in recent weeks and continuing down until last week, Hall said.

Some landings have been noticed where saucers have been contacted with a "very intense concentration" so material evidence has been left behind. No UFO apparently has ever been wrecked, or at any rate, no UFO wreckage has been found and subjected to chemical analysis.

Hall said this lack of tangible evidence does not disturb NICAP, which feels that since the sightings are the same all over the universe, chemical analysis would not prove much about the origins of UFO-jettisoned material.

There has never been any evidence of a hostile attack on humans from a UFO, and no authenticated reports of any little green men or whatever drives UFOs and humans. The site George Adamski wrote a book describing a ride in a UFO with Venusians, but serious UFO students discount his report.

1,500 Reports Unexplained

NICAP never has counted the exact number of UFO reports. It has files, but has made estimates. Hall said that from 1956 (when NICAP began operations) until 1964, about 5,000 "first-hand, not hearsay" reports were received. There have been about 3,000 more.

Of this 8,000 total, about 1,500 UFO reports seem "partly explained," Hall said. Quintanilla said much more precise data in the Air Force's files. A month after the report was made, Project Blue Book had received 10,187 reports since its inception in 1947. Of these 646 remain unexplained.

Since 1956, he has been hard to nail down. The Air Force has handled saucer investigations another way, and the results is different: 8,162 reports, only 141 unexplained.

[End of visible text]


- page 105 -

Here is the text from the document:

Raleigh, N.C.
The News and Observer, Wednesday, March 23, 1966

They're Up in the Air Over What's in the Air

ANN ARBOR, Mich (AP) — Dexter Police Chief Robert Taylor who was accompanied by Patrolman N.G. Lee, said, "We saw it from the hill. It looked like it was down in the swamp. We saw the red glow and with binoculars we could see it. It was a pulsating red light. When we got into the swamp there wasn't anything there."

Previous sightings were made in the Dexter area near Ann Arbor Thursday and a week ago Sunday. Police pictures made at the time failed to develop. A radar station was called. An Air Force spokesman said at the time Selfridge Air Force Base said there was no military activity in the Dexter area during the latest sightings. It said a report of the matter had been sent to higher commands for study.

There may be something besides spring in the air over southern Michigan.

These times in a week residents of the nearby community of Dexter have reported sighting unidentified flying objects through three different nights.

The latest sightings were made Sunday night by more than a score of persons, including police officers. Officers using geiger counters searched the area Monday but said they found nothing.

I got within 500 yards of that thing and it looked pyramid-shaped. It had a light here and a light there and what looked like a porthole," said Frank Manner, 47, of Dexter.

"I still don't believe it," said Stan McFadden, 27, a Washtenaw County sheriff's deputy.

Dexter Patrolman Robert Hummel said the flying object he saw had red and green flashlights zipped down to hover "within 10 feet" of a police patrol car.

When it rose again, said Hummel, it was jockeyed by a similar object.

Flashing Lights
Manner said he was indoors when he noticed flashing lights through a window.

His son, Robert, 19, and his wife, Leona, also saw the object.

"It wasn't like the pictures of a flying saucer and it had a cordlike surface. I've never seen anything like it," said Manner.

McFadden was one of about 20 deputies in seven patrol cars sent to the area to investigate Manner's report.

He said he and Deputy Dave Fitzpatrick tried to reach the object by walking up to it but that it flew off as they approached.


- page 106 -

According to radio reports the sighting was reported to Selfridge AFB, Michigan they referred the caller to Air Defense Sector at Battlecreek, Michigan because Battlecreek was closer to Ann Arbor.


- page 107 -

Hynek Explains Michigan's UFO Sightings;
Swamp Gases And Male Pranksters Blamed
(Continued from page 1)

time exposure shots of the rising crescent moon and the planet Venus.

In the Hillsdale case, after the real sighting, Hynek said, certain young men played pranks with flares to the further distress of the coeds.

The pictures were taken on a different night and in a different town and have no reference whatever to the other two sightings as originally represented, Hynek said.

"This is no new thing. It is like a jigsaw puzzle. There are a lot of pieces to work with, and to complicate the picture. Most of the time we are working with several jigsaw sets," he added.

Hynek expressed surprise in the excitement the Michigan sightings caused.

"We've had many more interesting cases, like in Exeter, New Jersey."

Sunday on Channel 11 at 6:30 p.m. Hynek will be joined by a panel of experts in a one-hour discussion on unidentified flying objects, primarily the Exeter case.

Hynek agreed it was an unusual way to spend a spring vacation, but said most of his investigations had to be sandwiched in between the school year requirements.

"I learned more about swamps than I ever thought I would care to."


- page 108 -

Daily Northwestern
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

Tuesday, March 29, 1966

Tries to Quell Disturbances

Hynek Swamps It
To Study UFO's
Following Report

By DAVID L. NELSON
Campus Editor

Trudging through swamps in southern Michigan may not be the ideal spring vacation activity. But Northwestern's Prof. J. Allen Hynek took it in stride, as he attempted to quell disturbances of a national level.

The astronomy department chairman is also the chief scientific consultant to the U.S. Air Force on the subject of unidentified flying objects (UFO)

Twelve NU Seniors
Named Wilson Fellows
See Page 3


- page 109 -

J. Allen Hynek sits at control board of his electronic astronomical equipment at Dearborn Observatory. He spent last week checking out reports of Unidentified Flying Objects.

The major sighting events of the week which Hynek had to face included:
• Eighty-seven Hillsdale (Mich.) College coeds reporting they saw an eerie, hovering flying object settle in a swampy hollow near their dormitory. The event was also witnessed by William Van Horn, the Hillsdale county civil defense director.
• A truck driver and his 19-year-old son in Dexter, Mich. said they saw an object that glowed like a cigarette with a greenish-blue light on one end and a white light on the other. The light came from a swampy area, one quarter of a mile behind the man's farmhouse.
• Photographs of "unidentified flying objects" taken by a Michigan deputy sheriff and released by the sheriff to a nationwide news program on CBS television.

Reported Seeing Lights
Hynek said in both Hillsdale and Dexter "the majority of observers ... reported only lights—red, yellow, and green, silent glowing lights, near the ground."

He said the Dutch astronomer, Minnesrt, in his book Light and Color, in the Open Air, writes that lights, resembling tiny flames, are sometimes seen on the ground or floating high above swampy areas.

The colors are sometimes yellow, sometimes red, and blue-green and can appear for hours at a time or for a whole night.
Says It Was Marsh Gas

Rotting vegetation produces marsh gas which can be trapped by ice and winter conditions. This gas may be released in some quantity when a spring thaw occurs.

"It would seem to me," Hynek said, "that the association of the sightings with swamps, in these particular cases, is more than coincidence. No group of witnesses observed any craft coming to or going away from the swamps."

The combination of peculiarly mild winter weather in the Midwest region, plus the particular weather conditions on the nights the lights were visible—little wind in either location—"were such as to have produced this unusual and puzzling display," Hynek concluded.

He also determined that the "UFO photos" were nothing but
(Continued on page 41)


- page 110 -

Here is the text from the document:

DAILY NORTHWESTERN

Discuss Recs
But to Miss Popkin the issue is
"broader than sworply and fraternly housing." If two students are
made roommates for a particular
racial or religious reason.

Seventeen Won
To Turn In Kers
Penalties for 17 women not turn in their senior key
leaving the university vacation have not been
ed, Associated Women
President Lynn Zimmer
Monday, 1966

Tries to Quell Disturbances

Hynek Swamps It
To Study UFO's
Following Report
By DAVID L. NELSON
Campus Editor

Trudging through swamps in southern Michigan may not be
the ideal spring vacation activity. But Northwestern's Prof. J.
Allen Hynek took it in stride, as he attempted to quell disturbances
of a national level.

The astronomy department chairman is also the chief scientific
consultant to the U.S. Air Force on the subject of unidentified
flying objects (UFO).

In the last week-and-a-half a rash of strange sightings has been
reported throughout the Midwest area, primarily in Michigan.
House Republican leader Gerald R. Ford (Mich.) proposed that
Congress have "a full blown investigation" into these incidents,


- page 111 -

Here is the text from the document:

Marsh Gas and Chickenman

Was it Martians or marsh gas?
Northwestern University's J. Allen Hynek, now a more nationally known astronomer than ever, disturbed many last week by saying that people who reported seeing flying saucers in Michigan probably saw marsh gas.

And what wasn't marsh gas wasn't Martians either, the astronomy department chairman said. Those unidentified flying objects were various contraptions rigged by humans as "pranks," said he.

Hynek, who serves as the U. S. Air Force's authority on strange things seen in the sky, received more publicity for his unique interest during the past several days than in all the years he's spent looking through Dearborn Observatory's telescopes.

The things he called marsh gas or pranks were seen by many people in Michigan, including a Civil Defense official, several policemen, one newspaper reporter, a college dean, and a group of college coeds.

And they all thought surely they were watching contraptions driven by visitors from the planets which the United States and the U.S.S.R. both are attempting to study with their space vehicles.

It's hard to believe that what those folks up in Michigan saw — as well as what's been reported hovering in the skies of Georgia and other states across the nation — were all pranks and marsh gas. But it's equally difficult to argue with as distinguished an authority as Prof. Hynek.

We bet he doesn't believe in Chickenman either.

Removing More Rules

Associated Women Students has proposed an extension of freshman women's hours for winter and spring quarters beginning in 1967.

The plan is another step in a path which AWS and other student groups at Northwestern are taking faster and faster to eliminate some of the artificial social rules and regulations at this university.

We trust Northwestern's women will be wise enough to support the plan in their living units, as they have supported parietals earlier this year and a junior key system earlier this year.

And we hope the Council on Undergraduate Life will crawl out of the puritanical shell it put itself in last quarter and approve the plan when presented with it later this quarter.

Boys and Men

Boys will be boys, and nothing proved it better than the night late last quarter when the electric power disappeared from north campus for about 80 minutes and NU's men enjoyed it.

They exploded fire crackers in the quadrangles, crashed bottles on sidewalks and in the corridors of living units, lit waste basket fires, put in false fire alarms, and staged a premature panty raid. They also removed a television and some other items from residence hall lounge — a joke, it was later reported.

Sometimes men ought to act like men.


- page 112 -

CALLS OF 31 March 1966

MR SNYDER 312-212 CHICAGO DAILY NEWS - Science writer he has met up with a strange situation, they have made a villian of Dr Hynek in the paper.

He would like to write an article titled "the perils of an UFO investigator".

There have been many unkn words about Dr Hynek. Major said that as far as he was concerned thereis no one in this country more knowledgeable than Dr. Hynek about UFO phenomena. He has been a consultant to this project for the last 18 years. His reputation is without question, especially in the field of UFOs.

Swamp gas is not an unique phenomena, I received a letter from a lady in Illinois who also thought that is what it was. Major read the letter to Mr. Snyder. I doubt if I could get a reputable scientist to go out and investigate a case like Dr. Hynek. You can't satisfy 100% of the people, there always will be someone who will not believe you. Major explainedthe general UFO program.


- page 113 -

If reports are identified by local local air force base they are not
forwarded to Wright-Patterson. To get the specific number of reports
received it would take a little research. We have the information up to date
as much as possible but with the publicity we have been having, which takes a
lot of our time, it is hard to keep a running account of statistics. We have
had inquiries regarding the sightings in Michigan, everyone has been telling
about it. Have had very few calls regarding local observations. If reports from
the Columbus area have been submitted to us we will give the information on them
to him. Give him the statistics f r this year.

PAUL PARKER, WINS (NEW YORK) - Started with Michigan business. Said
he had a wire saying that Maor didn't really think it was swamp gas, nor did
Dr. Hynek. Parker had a report from Mort Young. Major uintanilla said that
the wire was in error. Major looked it up (swamp gas) talked to chemists and
researched it. Major uintanilla had not spoke with Mort Young. Major uintanilla
said I believe it is swamp gas. It was researched thoroughly before we came
to the conclusion. Parker wanted to know how these lights got in the swamp.
You have fire (there is methane and it is a vapor). Major gave the statistics
for this year. I have been in Blue Book for 32 months and I have satisfied
myself that these objects are not extraterrestrial in nature. The vast majority
of cases are misinterpretation of conventional objects. Nobody should expect
me to identify 100% of the cases. We are dealing with other peoples experiences
and interpretations. I have no indication that any advanced intelligence from
outer space has visited us.

6


- page 114 -

PAUL MASS, COLUMBUS DISPATCH - UFOs in Columbus area would be reported to Lockbourne AFB. I am the Blue Book Officer for the whole Air Force.

Call the Air Force base nearest you and ask for the UFO officer when reporting a sighting. We have had a rash of sightings due to publicity and the onslaught of spring. Gave general information on the UFO program.

CALLS OF 29 MARCH 1966.

JIM MOSELY - Wanted to know if Major Quintanilla went to Michigan. No I didn't. Dr. Hynek, Moody and Ann Elmer went. Mosely said that it was in the New York Journal by Lloyd Young that Hynek did not want to give the answer about the gas, that there was a violent argument between Hynek and Major Quintanilla. We informed him that it was Dr. Hynek who suggested marsh gas. We talked to a chemist here and he talked to others up there. We had an idea Thursday afternoon but we couldn't say anything until it was thoroughly checked out. We agreed Friday morning. I have never met Mr. Young. Spoke on the current sightings to Mosely.

WILLIAMS, Lisbon, Ohio - Wanted to know if Major Quintanilla would be available to speak. This afternoon I am going to be on radio and I would like to hear your request but we are very busy. If I do it for one person I must do it for all. Major explained the project to date, etc.

CALLS OF 30 MARCH 1966

J. GIBBONS, COLUMBUS, DISPATCH - One UFO officer at each base. Told him approximately how many reports of aerial phenomena, how many reports from Ohio in the past week. We had four yesterday and one over the weekend.

5


- page 115 -

WIFE RADIO STATION, INDIANAPOLIS, INDIANA - wanted to know if we had received report of a UFO landing in a gravel pit last night at 835pm in Indianapolis and if we were going to send someone over to investigate it. He said the Sheriff was out investigating it now. Informed him that until it was reported to the Air Force by the observer we could do nothing. He thanked us.

ASSOCIATED PRESS, Columbus, Ohio 228-4307. Wanted to know about press conference called with Dr. Hynek. It is to be this afternoon. Press conference will be at 1pm at Selfridge = Everything pretty well solved.

NBC NEWS CLEVELAND, OHIO, GLEN RAKER - Dr Hynek is having a press conference at 1pm at Detroit Press Club in Detroit, Mich. Dr. Hynek is consultant to BB. Official statement will be released by Washington when Dr. Hynek has press conference. Haven't heard about any sightings from Ashtabula lately.

RATTNER WANE RADIO - Swamp gas bad. Photograph had no connection with the sightings of Hillsdale. We haven't seen the report as yet. Dr. Hynek is consultant to BB, etc. Gave information on the program to date, sightings, etc.

CALLS OF 28 MARCH 1966

WENS, NEWSROOM, COLUMBUS, OHIO 224-9265. We have not seen the film from the patrolman. I t will probably be a few days. The object was Venus. I spoke with the patrolman and he gave me the technical information azimuth, elevation and it is definitely the Planet Venus. Also gave info on the Michigan sighting.

CRAIG EDWARDS, CINCINNATI - Seen on wire that W-P is having a rash of sightings. Major said he didn't know how we got on the wire. Gave information on the program to date.

4


- page 116 -

MR WHITE THOMAS, 222-3526 - We regard all UFO reports as serious.

These are all standard motions. Sent Dr. Hynek to help investigate.
As soon as we get info it will be released.

CALLS OF 22 MARCH 1966

ASSOCIATED PRESS DESK, COLUMBUS, OHIO, BOB MILLER - Sent Dr. Hynek to
help in investigation. Details quite sketchy. Will be released as soon as
info is in, etc.

JACK JONES, DAYTON DAILY NEWS - Dr. Hynek should be on the scene now.
Haven't talked to him as yet. We take all reports serious, etc.

BILL WISE, LIFE MAGAZINE - Arranged to come here to make a feature
article.

PHIL JONES, WJR - Have started investigation. Dr. Hynek is in the field,
information will be released when it is in, etc., nothing has ever proven
to be extraterrestrial in nature. Etc.

MAJOR GREGORY, USAFA - gave him a break down on what had been happening.

CALLS OF 24 MARCH 1966

DOUGLAS DRAKE, WONE - We are on a second lead story. Wanted to know what
progress has been made in the Michigan sighting and when we expect a result
and an opinion. Do we see any association between Michigan and North Carolina
sightings. Things are beginning to shape up and expect an explanation tomorrow,
etc. Have no reports from N Carolina.

BARRENTS, RADIO STATION, DETROIT, MICH TR-3-2590 - Told him we expected
results tomorrow.

2


- page 117 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Michiganders Report
More Flying Objects
ANN ARBOR, Mich. —(AP)— Van Horn said the swamp gas
Unidentified flying objects so explanation was an attempt to
em tantalized Michigan, despite "explain away" the sightings.
an expert's finding that failed And he took a cut at the Air
to support their existence in sev- Force.
eral sighting areas.

New reports of sightings ex-
tended about 100 miles north
Saturday night — up toward tip
of Michigan's "thumb" in
Lake Huron.

At the same time old lights
were reported in the sky over
Oakland (Detroit county) and
the neighboring Detroit area.
Others were reported westward
in the Lansing area.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek of North-
western university, scientific
consultant to the Air Force, has
reported phenomena soon
after March 20 probably were
the result of swamp gases.

His conclusion met with question again yesterday. However,
Sheriff's Deputy John Lester
of Oakland county said it was
"definitely" an object which he
saw with "glowing green and
red and blue lights" about 3
p.m. Saturday, most in the
vicinity of Pontiac region.

Earlier Sheriff Douglass Harvey of Washtenaw county and
Carl Deters, director William
Van Horn of Hillsdale county
board of education, supported
Dr. Hynek's report.

"The Air Force," Van Horn
said, "is gone to get into trouble going on this way. It seems
like a whitewash."

Dr. Hynek, an astrophysicist,
came to Michigan to investigate
after appeals from the state to
the Air Force and the national
department for an inquiry in
justice to disturbed citizens.
Dr. Hynek investigated at
Dexter and Hillsdale only on
reported sightings in those
areas. His report related only to
those areas.

People Entitled to Observe
Mysterious Flying Saucers
There is a delightfully few quality
to most of these reports of flying
saucers. I hope they remain a mystery. We need the mysteries we
have left.

The latest involves 87 coeds
from Hillsdale (which college a
civil defense director, an assistant
dean and a solid, nonplussed
farmer).

Flying saucers usually seem to
choose their clientele with a discerning sense for the inappropriate, for a
scrambled version of the American
dream.

OUT AT Wright-Patterson, there is
a small group of men who have the
chore of running down all such reports. They have as much a hug of
work assigning names you will
encounter.

of the sightings—weather balloons,
Venus, you name it—but some remain dubiously unsolved.

A few years ago, they ran into one
of the rare instances in which tangible evidence is left. A man in a
Middle Western state had observed
a saucer land and had seen the little
men get out of it. They had proceeded to eat dinner.

WHEN THE MAN approached
them, they started back into the
saucer and fled, whoosh, leaving behind a little piece of cake-like substance. He scooped it up.

The Air Force investigators had it
carefully analyzed by chemists. It
turned out to be a standard commercial pancake mix, somewhat charged
in the cooking.

Disappointing? Not really. Little
men in flying saucers have as much
right to mysterious pancakes as anyone. And 87 coeds make a formidable testament to almost anything.


- page 118 -

DR. THOMAS HEALEY, UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA 896-7411 - TAMPA - He is
interestedialUFOs, from the scientific view. He is planning to go up to Washington,
DC in two or three weeks and would like to come to Dayton. He would like to
generate the first scientific conference on UFOs on each case, presenting the
best meteorologists to talk about investigations, and look through the cases
with a scientific viewpoint. He feels if the academic community would look
at the cases with a scientific viewpoint it would show that the Air Force is
doing the best job they can. He felt that by generating a conference with the
aid of our office that he would be doing a service not only to the Air Force
but to the scientific community as well. Major Quintanilla told him he had
a very good thought and thought it was a tremendous idea. Gave him Col
Spaulding's address to go through.

PHIL DONAUE -OHIO, Dayton - The investigation is still being conducted.

JACK JONES, DAYTON DAILY NEWS, Dayton - hope to have results tomorrow
afternoon.

WLWD , TV, Dayton - Hope to have results tomorrow afternoon, etc.

FRED SLIF, ANN ARBOR - regarding statement by AP - with collection of
information and investigation is proceeding nicely, we hope to have an explana-
tion, hopefully sometime tomorrow. It depends on how fast Dr. Hynek and Moody
can check it out so we can work it out and go over the data. Hope to have a
press conference tomorrow at Selfridge, etc.

JOHN SWEENEY - 223-1111, JOURNAL HERALD - wanted to know about the Michigan
case. Told him nothing new except what had been given to Jones that morning at
the Dayton Daily News, about 1 hour ago. He said I couldn't have talked to
Jones 1hour ago and surely there was some news. I told him that if he didn't
want what we had to say he could go over and ask Jack Jones at Dayton Daily
News (other side of building). He said he wouldn't do that because they were
their competitor.

3


- page 119 -

CALLS OF 21 MARCH 1966

UPI, COLUMBUS, JAY GOODY - would like to know if we have any reports from Ann Arbor, Michigan. The only thing we have was on the radio. We have no official information whatsoever. People report to the closest AFB. The information included a policeman, three persons. Selfridge told them they had no official reports. We won't do anything until some base nearby sends a report to us. Try to determine what it is after we get the information.

WKAR RADIO - Have no information on Michigan.

WONE RADIO, Dayton Ohio - we have had no information on Michigan sightings, etc.

FRANK MACOMBER, SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA 234-7111 - we have no information on the Michigan sightings, etc.

LIPPENCOTT, CITIZENS JOURNAL COLUMBUS. - we have not received any reports from Lockbourne, etc., last night. No info on the Michigan case yet.

MAJ DAVIS - SAFOI - Selfridge is sending us a report. It was reported by two or three people - they came up with nothing. Operations secretary was trying the report. Major Davis wants evaluation.

SAFOI again - Sams and Major Davis are trying to press for a statement.

JERRY CHAMBERS, WONE - Selfridge collecting information on UFOs in area.

ROBERT deBROUF, WASHINGTON MUTUAL BROADCASTING - Only information we have on Ann Arbor is second or third hand. Selfridge is going to investigate.

WONE - Douglas Drake - Dr. Hynek is going to assist in the investigation. He is an astro-physicist.

WJW NEWS IN CLEVELAND, STEVE FULLER - We have had no reports from Cleveland whatsoever. Dr. Hynek is going to assist in investigation by Selfridge.


- page 120 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page with a small logo or stamp in the bottom left corner. The page is in black and white and appears to be a scanned document with some minor specks or artifacts visible.


- page 121 -

The image appears to be a page from a document with multiple columns of text listing various names, locations, and codes. The page is numbered with large "6" and "7" on the left side. Some sections visible include:

CITY HALL
COUNTY BUILDING
CONCORDIA LUTHERAN COLLEGE
HOSPITALS
NORTH CAMPUS

The text consists of numerous lines with names, locations, and what seem to be alphanumeric codes or references. The document appears to be some kind of directory or reference list. The image is a black and white scanned document with some slight fading and scanning artifacts.


- page 122 -

This appears to be a columnar document with multiple numbered columns (3, 4, and 5 are visible on the left side). The page contains numerous rows of text, primarily consisting of what seem to be location names, types of coats or locations (like "Husky Coat", "Highland Road", etc.), and various alphanumeric codes or coordinates to the right of each entry. The text is densely packed and appears to be some kind of reference or catalog listing. The image quality is clear, with black text on a white background, typical of a scanned document from the 1960s.


- page 123 -

This image is a street index page, which appears to be from a map or directory. The page is titled "STREET INDEX" and is divided into multiple columns listing street names alphabetically. The page is marked with large letters "AA" at the top and has three vertical sections or columns numbered 1, 2, and 3. 

On the right side of the page, there is a section labeled "SCHOOLS" with a list of what seem to be school names or locations. The text is in a small, typewritten font and covers the entire page with street names listed in alphabetical order along with what appear to be grid or coordinate references.

The image is a black and white scanned document with some slight shadowing or aging visible at the edges.


- page 124 -

Text found in the document:

ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN

Scale markers:
0   600   1800   3000   4200 FEET
0               1 MILE

Sections labeled:
A   B   C

There is also a compass rose symbol and what appears to be a topographical or location diagram with intersecting lines at the top right of the document.


- page 125 -

ANN ARBOR ASSOCIATES, INC., Realtors
1829 W. STADIUM
ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN
665-9114

The image is a map of Ann Arbor, Michigan, showing street layouts and city grid. There is an "X" marked on the map, and the map is from Ann Arbor Associates, Inc., a real estate company.


- page 126 -

Text found in the image:

THIS IS A PICTURE OF OU
A B C

(The rest of the text appears to be street and location names on a map, but they are too small and numerous to transcribe completely. The image shows a detailed street map of what seems to be a city or urban area, with various roads, intersections, and what looks like a river or waterway on the right side of the map.)


- page 127 -

R INVENTORY - ANN ARBOR REAL ESTATE

D E F

(The image appears to be a map of Ann Arbor with various roads and street names, but the text is too small to read clearly. The map is divided into sections and includes road names like "OLD WARREN ROAD" and other street names, but the specific details are not legible at this resolution.)


- page 128 -

Here is the text from the document:

NEW YORK 1 ES
SUNDAY
27 NOV 66

SAUCER SIGHTINGS
VEX CAPITOL HILL
Investigating Flying Objects
Might Cause Public Alarm

By EVERETT CLARK
WASHINGTON, March 26—
Armed Services Committee of Southern
Michigan earlier this week "flying saucer" flew. An Air Force
investigator shot most of them
down with a simple explanation
— swamp gas.

But policemen, a civil defense
director, a house mother and
hundreds of college students
had seen the mysterious lights,
and it is safe to say that not all
of them accepted the investigator's conclusion.

The opening of this year's
saucer season — the 20th year
for "unidentified flying objects"
or "U.F.O.'s" — has presented
official Washington with a
problem.

Gerald R. Ford, House Representative from Michigan noted a peculiar element by calling for a "full-blown" Congressional investigation. Such inquiries have been
proposed many times before, but
never so much as at Mr. Ford's
urging in Government.

Mr. Ford had just returned
from Michigan. No sources
were sighted in his district and
he said no crisis from constituent interest and suspense
could be found. However, he
said:

"I can assure you there is
considerable interest and I suspect public concern."

Reluctant to Investigate

Congress has been and still
is reluctant to investigate. To
do so is to encourage the idea
that there is more to the U.F.O. than mistaken sightings of natural or manmade objects.

To refuse to investigate, however, opens Congress to the charge, often made by fervent believers, that the Government knows what the saucers are but
is "covering up."

Mr. Ford suggested that the
House Armed Services and the
Science and Astronautics Committees hold the investigation.

A spokesman for the Armed
Services Committee said he had
no comment on the House Armed Services Committee on Unidentified Activities Investigations because "it is un-American to have unidentified objects
flying over this country."

No Laughing Matter

The committee, however, does
not laugh at those who believe
they have seen saucers, he
said:

"That might be like laughing
at the guy who thought of the
submarine for the first time."
Nevertheless, there is some
fear in both committees that a
"full-blown" investigation might
frighten much of the public no
matter what findings resulted,
by seeming to indicate concern
in high places.

The Air Force, charged with
the defense of the nation's skies,
investigates every sighting reported to its Truth Center of
last year. It had studied
1,617 such reports.

Last year's sightings were
reported — topped only in 1,501
in 1952 and 1,006 in 1957.

Of the 10,117 sightings, 646
remain in the Air Force's "unidentified" category. Most
U.F.O.'s — identified flying objects — are explained as birds,
stars and planets or atmospheric balloons and satellites.
But many were thrown into a
category called "other."

"Other" in the case of this
year's sightings included trace
evidence, photo analysis, photo process and "man on street" according to the Air
Force.

"Some kind of Vehicle"

No space ship, it is believed
that William Van Dorn, a
Hillsdale County civil defense
director, who said the water's
orange, red and white light
he saw through his car's windshield came from "some
kind of vehicle."

John King, a 22-year-old
Bangor, Me., man, said he shot
four times at a 60-ft-long glowing object, and hit it
then zoomed skyward, he
said.

"I could hear the machinery
buzzing scraping as the thing
came toward me," Mr. King
said.

A postman in Claremont, a
newspaper electronics instructor
and a former Air Force electronics instructor, reported seeing
mysterious objects last week.
The electronics man said a
"dish-shaped" craft manned by
an "ordinary human" blocked
his car at a stop sign.

In Texas, the police said hundreds of people reported seeing
a starlike object that purred
and changed colors.

Noting that "it must be a
real drill day, somehow" for
the Air Force, Representative
Ford said the Air Force through its public information
would "allay any apprehension or fear."

"If it is mere gas, the public could be spared the strain
and the Air Force could explain very rapidly," he said.

Meanwhile, the Air Force
says it still welcomes any
evidence of the existence of
intraterrestrial mobility or
extraterrestrial life," particularly within the
earth's near-space envelope."


- page 129 -

This image appears to be a map of a city or urban area, showing a detailed street grid with numerous streets, intersections, and what seems to be a river or waterway running through the center. The map is in black and white, with street names and various numbered markers or locations. At the bottom left of the map, there is a notation "DUMAC LN" which might refer to a specific location or landmark. The map looks like it could be from a municipal or planning document, possibly related to a UFO report investigation given the context of the filename.


- page 130 -

This image appears to be a map or street grid of an area, likely in Southern Michigan based on the filename. The map shows various street names and intersections, with highways or expressways (such as I-54) visible. The map is black and white and contains numerous street names and grid lines. At the bottom of the map, there are letters D, E, and F, which seem to be part of a grid reference system. The map appears to be a detailed urban or suburban area layout with complex road networks and intersections.


- page 131 -

The text I can discern on this page is:

G

There is a technical diagram or schematic drawing with various lines and geometric shapes, but most of the text within the smaller boxes is too illegible to read clearly.


- page 132 -

Text found in the image:

CROSS ROAD

HURON RIVER

N

IN ANN ARBOR
See

NN
ARBOR

The image appears to be a map or diagram showing roads, a river, and a location marker for Ann Arbor, with page numbers 3 and 4 visible on the right side of the document.


- page 133 -

Here is the text from the document:

H H ASSOCIATES, INC., Realtors
Complete Real Estate Service at
1829 W. Stadium (at Pauline)
Call 665-9114

MULTIPLE LISTING SERVICE

See us for:
Residential sales
New Construction
Income Properties
Land Contracts
Farms
Rentals
Commercial Construction development and leasing
Investment consulting service

The document appears to be a real estate advertisement with a map showing location details and road intersections, including references to Detroit and Toledo.


- page 134 -

This image is a road map of the state of Michigan and parts of surrounding states, showing numerous cities, highways, and county boundaries. Major cities like Detroit, Grand Rapids, Lansing, Toledo (in Ohio), and others are clearly marked. The map is in black and white and appears to be from an older era, likely the 1960s based on the context provided. The map shows a detailed network of roads and highways connecting various cities and towns across southern Michigan.


- page 135 -

This image is a map of Washtenaw County in Michigan, showing various townships and their boundaries. The townships visible on the map include:

- Northfield
- Salem
- Superior
- Ann Arbor
- Pittsfield
- Ypsilanti
- Augusta
- Monroe

The map shows a grid of township boundaries with roads and some geographical features. The map appears to be a black and white line drawing with township names clearly labeled. County names visible are Oakland County and Monroe County. The map seems to be focused on the area around Ann Arbor and surrounding townships.


- page 136 -

This image is a map of southern Michigan showing various townships and counties. The visible townships and areas include:

LYNDON
DEXTER
LIMA
ANN ARBOR
WEBSTER
NORTHFIELD
SALEM
SUPERIOR
COUNTY OAKLAND

The map appears to be a detailed road and township grid map, with numerous roads, section lines, and geographical boundaries marked. It covers an area around Ann Arbor and surrounding regions, with black lines indicating roads or boundaries between different administrative areas.


- page 137 -

This image appears to be a map of a portion of Southern Michigan, showing various townships and counties. The visible townships and areas include:

LYNDON
DEXTER
LIMA
WEBSTER
NORTHFIELD
ANN ARBOR
SUPERIOR
SALEM
SCIO
MANCHESTER
CHELSEA
STOCKBRIDGE
CHELSEA
FREEDOM
SYLVAN
SHARON
GRASS LAKE

The map shows township boundaries, roads, and appears to be a detailed county map with grid sections. The map is in black and white and seems to be from an older era, likely from the mid-20th century.


- page 138 -

This image is a map of a portion of Southern Michigan, showing various townships and counties. The map includes the following visible place names:

LIMA
SHARON
FREEDOM
MANCHESTER
BRIDGEWATER
SCIO
LODI
PITTSFIELD
SALINE
ANN ARBOR
SUPERIOR
AUGUSTA
LENAWEL COUNTY
MONROE COUNTY

The map is a black and white grid-style topographical map with township boundaries, roads, and other geographical features marked. It appears to be an older, hand-drawn or early printed map with a detailed grid system showing township and range lines.


- page 139 -

Here is the text from the document:

AF Investigation 'Shoots Down' Saucers

DETROIT (AP) — Some of Michigan's flying saucers were shot down Friday by a special Air Force investigator who said they probably were swamp gases and unidentified flying objects—UFOs.

But some of those who said they saw the objects remained unconvinced.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek discussed his findings at an evening news conference after spending almost a week interviewing persons in the nearby Ann Arbor and Hillsdale areas where most of the sightings originated.

Hynek is a Northwestern University astrophysicist and scientist consultant for the Air Force.

Numerous UFO sightings have been reported in recent weeks, many of them by laymen.

Hynek emphasized his investigation was confined to two specific days of sightings and did not cover all of those reported.

"I am not making a blanket statement to cover the entire UFO phenomena over the last 20 years," Hynek said.

"I emphasize that I cannot prove in a court of law that this is the full explanation of these sightings. It appears very likely, however, that the combination of the conditions of this particular winter—an unusually mild one in this area—and the particular weather conditions were such as to produce this unusual and puzzling display."

Hynek said his study was confined to March 20 sightings made near Dexter, a small community about 50 miles southwest of Detroit, and one made at Hillsdale, about 100 miles west, on March 21.

Although there have been numerous other reports of UFOs in the state, Hynek said he would not investigate them because not enough persons had seen them. He said the investigation only those sightings seen by a large group of witnesses.

"If only one person reports seeing something, it might be discounted," Hynek said. "But if 10 or 20 report seeing similar objects then it is grounds for scientific investigation."

Hynek also pointed out that pilots, professional to the press Thursday, which showed two lights in the sky over a series of street lights were "without any question" trails made as a result of a time exposure of the rising moon and the planet Venus.

MICHIGAN FLYING SAUCERS — This picture released yesterday is described as showing two flying objects above Hillsdale, Mich., on March 16. Washtenaw County Deputy David Fitzpatrick said he made the picture with a subminiature camera at 5:30 a.m., using a 16-minute exposure, and that he and other deputies watched the "objects" more than two hours.


- page 140 -

29 March 1966

Immediately following conversation between Congressman Vivian and Major Hector Quintanilla, he (Maj. Q) informed Mrs Sara Hunt (SAFOIDC) of the conversation with Congressman Vivian.

Upon completion of phone call to SAFOIDC, Major Quintanilla informed TDG, Colonel Eric T. de JONCKHEERE of the conversations.

29 March 1966, 0810
Major Quintanilla spoke with Major Gregory at AFSC SOFA regarding telephone conversation with Congressman Vivian. Last week Congressman Vivian called us direct and requested we inform him prior to press conference of Dr Hynek's. We informed SAFOI and they said [XL would take care of it]. Major gave a run down on the conversation of 28 Mar 66 with Vivian. General Cruikshank wanted us to report what transpired yesterday, 28 Mar 66 to SOFA. Gregory said that paragraph 7 of AFR 200-2 indicated that Congressman were not to go directly to us. Gregory would inform SAFOI of the above.

29 Mar 66, 1630 - Conversation with Major Gregory, AFSC - Question regarding detailed report that Vivian asked for. Major Quintanilla told Vivian that Hynek was making a detailed report. Gregory said then there was no leak time. Two phone calls were made from Vivian. Gregory is sending AFR 200-2 and Blue Book out. Congressman Ford may ask for a congressional. AFSC would like a copy of Hynek's report.

29 Mar 1966, 1930 Hours - Maj Gregory spoke with Maj Quintanilla - Confirmed that Vivian spoke directly with Major Quintanilla without going through General Cruikshank first.


- page 141 -

the project and what the qualifications are. *al manner of reporting is done.


- page 142 -

Call From Congressman Vivian - 23 March 1966

First Item - Did Dr Hynek make a statement regarding the Michigan case. Dr Hynek made the statement. Congressman Vivian wanted to know why he had not been informed of the time that the press meeting was going to be. Major informed the Office of Information that Congressman Vivian was to be informed. Congressman asked for the number of the office. Wanted to know if we had received a report from Hynek. Replied that it was given verbally over the telephone and the office of information had taken it down over the phone. The complete information would be typed up by Dr Hynek's office at Northwestern this week and we would receive a copy. Dr Hynek made the announcement of his findings at the press club. The Office of Information released his findings at the same time over the wire system. He explained events as marsh gas, rising crescent moon and some as flares. Dr Hynek has not submitted his report as yet. We plan no further investigation. Selfridge does the initial investigation and submits it to us. There will be no follow up or further action unless there are additional sightings. Vivian asked how many times we have had Marsh Gas sightings. Major replied once or twice. Vivian wanted to know if we knew about the Sheriff's remarks regarding Dr Hynek. Major said no. Vivian then asked what Major's degree was in. Major is a physicist in BS, we normally go to Dr Hynek for consultation. Major has been with the project for 32 months. Vivian asked who Major reported to - Colonel Eric T. de Jonckheere, Deputy for Technology And Subsystems, he reports to General ArthurDruitshank. Who assists us. Sgt Moody has a degree in Psychology. We use other resources of the Air Force. Congressman wants the number of personnel working on


- page 143 -

At 11:30, 24 March 1966. Major Quintanilla received a telephone call from Congressman Vivian, extension 285-4801. Congressman Vivian requested information on the unidentified flying objects at Dexter, Michigan. He had read the report from the Sheriff. Asked Major Quintanilla if he had any remarks on it. Major replied that Dr Hynek was talking with the policemen and other witnesses gathering information on the observations. Dr Hynek is on his way to Hillsdale to talk with the goes there. We hope to have a breakthrough within twenty-four hours. Not all of the witnesses observed the same object. Major informed Congressman Vivian that it was good that we had multiple witnesses. Sgt Moody is up at Willow Run checking out the tower operators. Checking both positive and negative data so we can be doubly sure. We will release the information as to the cause of the observations as soon as possible. Hopefully this information will be this afternoon, 24 March 1966. Dr Hynek has been given permission to grant a press conference at Selfridge AFB as soon as the conclusions are reached and he has spoken with Major Quintanilla. Congressman Vivian asked about various experimental aircraft in the area at the time. Major replied that this was being checked out presently. Congressman Vivian asked that he be notified before a press conference is given by Dr Hynek.


- page 144 -

JOINT MESSAGE/FORM - CONTINUATION SHEET

Security Classification: UNCLASSIFIED

From: FTD, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO

VIVIAN THEN ASKED HOW LONG MAJOR QUINTANILLA HAD BEEN IN CHARGE OF PROJECT BLUE BOOK. THE MAJOR REPLIED THAT HE HAD BEEN IN CHARGE FOR 32 MONTHS. CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN THEN ASKED TO WHOM MAJOR QUINTANILLA REPORTED TO AND HE REPLIED THAT HE REPORTED TO COLONEL ERIC T DE JONCKHEERE. CONGRESSMAN THEN ASKED TO WHOM COLONEL DE JONCKHEERE REPORTED TO AND MAJOR QUINTANILLA REPLIED THAT HE REPORTED TO R/G CRUIKSHANK. CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN ASKED WHO ASSISTED MAJOR QUINTANILLA IN INVESTIGATIONS. MAJOR REPLIED THAT SGT MOODY ASSISTS AND HAS A DEGREE IN PSYCHOLOGY WITH 24 HOURS OF POST-GRADUATE WORK. MAJOR QUINTANILLA INFORMED CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN THAT OTHER BRANCHES OF THE AIR FORCE ASSIST US.

CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN REQUESTED THAT HE BE SENT THE NUMBER OF PERSONNEL WORKING ON THE PROJECT AND WHAT THEIR QUALIFICATIONS WERE, AND IN WHAT MANNER REPORTING IS DONE.

COORDINATION:

[Signed by] MAJOR R J QUINTANILLA, JR (ORIGINATOR) Dated 29 Jan 66

[Spaces left blank for signatures of] TDEW/UFO and COLONEL SLOCUM

Symbol: TDEW/UFO
Page Nr: 2
Nr of Pages: 2
Security Classification: UNCLASSIFIED

DD FORM 173-1


- page 145 -

Here is the text from the document:

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

UNCLAS IFIED

FROM: FTD, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO

TO: AFSC, ANDREWS AFB, MD
USAF, WASH, D C

INFO: UNCLAS PM TDEW/UFO 146-44 MARCH 1966. FOR SAFOI-CC

FOR SCFA (MAJOR GREGORY). CONFIRMING TELECON BETWEEN MAJ GREGORY
(SCFA) AND MAJ QUINTANILLA (TDEW). CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN (MICHIGAN)
CALLED MAJ QUINTANILLA ON 24 MARCH 1966 AT 1120 HOURS AND REQUESTED
THAT MAJOR QUINTANILLA INFORM HIM OF ANY PRESS CONFERENCE REGARDING
UFOS, WHICH WOULD BE HELD BY DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK. CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN
REQUESTED THAT HE BE ADVISED AT LEAST THREE HOURS PRIOR TO THE PRESS
CONFERENCE. SAFOI-CC HAS ADVISED OF CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN'S CONVERSA-
TION AND THEY SAID THAT THEY WOULD HANDLE THE SITUATION. ON 28 MARCH
AT 1520 HOURS CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN CALLED MAJ QUINTANILLA AND IMMEDIATELY
ASKED WHY HE HAD NOT BEEN ADVISED OF DR. HYNEK'S PRESS CONFERENCE.
MAJ QUINTANILLA INFORMED THE CONGRESSMAN THAT SAFOI WAS TO ADVISE
HIM OF THE PRESS CONFERENCE. CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN BECAME QUITE CURT
AND ASKED FOR SAFOI'S PHONE NUMBER. CONGRESSMAN VIVIAN THEN ASKED
IF MAJ QUINTANILLA HAD A DEGREE AND IF SO IN WHAT FIELD. MAJOR
QUINTANILLA REPLIED THAT HE HAD A B.S. IN PHYSICS. CONGRESSMAN

[Typed names and details at bottom of form]
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr
Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena

ERIC T. de JONCKHERE, COLONEL, USAF
DEPUTY FOR TECHNOLOGY AND SUBSYSTEMS


- page 146 -

QUILTED TYPE SURFACE
BROWN COLOR

LIGHTS                   LIGHTS

LARGEST LIGHT
BETWEEN LIGHTS

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of a UFO or flying saucer with a quilted or gridded surface, colored brown. The drawing shows the object with lights on both sides and a large light between these side lights.


- page 147 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

N. TERRITORIAL RD.

BIGLEY

CORN FIELD

WOODS

CREEK

The rest of the text appears to be handwritten and somewhat illegible. The document appears to be a hand-drawn map or sketch with various locations and features marked.


- page 148 -

WASHTENAW COUNTY
MICHIGAN
1964

[The image is a map of Washtenaw County, Michigan, showing various townships and areas including Dexter, Webster, Northfield, Lima, and Ann Arbor. The map includes a scale of miles and appears to be a black and white county map from 1964.]


- page 149 -

AIR FORCE STATEMENT REGARDING THE UFO SIGHTINGS AT DEXTER, MICHIGAN, ON MARCH 20, 1966, AND HILLSDALE, MICHIGAN, ON MARCH 21, 1966

The investigation of these two sightings was conducted by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, scientific consultant to Project Blue Book; personnel from Selfridge Air Force Base, Michigan; and personnel from the Project Blue Book office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

In addition to these two specific cases, there has been a flood of reports from this area both before and after March 20 and 21. The investigating personnel have not had the time to investigate all of these. It has been determined, however, that in Hillsdale, over and above the sincere and honest reporting by the young ladies at Hillsdale College, certain young men have played pranks with flares. It has also been determined that the photographs released yesterday through the press was taken on March 17 just before sunrise near Milan, Michigan, and have nothing to do with the cases in question. The photograph clearly shows trails made as a result of a time exposure of the rising crescent moon and the planet Venus.

The majority of observers in both the Dexter and Hillsdale cases have reported only silent glowing lights near the ground - red, yellow, and blue-green. They have not described an object. The only two observers who did describe an object have stated that they were no closer than 500 yards - better than a quarter of a mile away - a distance which does not allow details to be determined.

Witnesses have described glowing lights - lights that seem to move but never far from a definite place or lights which suddenly disappeared and popped up at another place. The locale in both cases was a swamp. In both cases, the location of the glow was pinpointed - in Dexter it was seen between two distant groups of people and in Hillsdale it was seen in a swampy depression between the girls and the distant trees. It was in both cases a very localized phenomena. The swampy location is most significant.

A swamp is a place of rotting vegetation and decomposition. Swamps are not a province of astronomers. Yet, the famous Dutch astronomer, Minnaert, in his book, Light and Colour in the Open Air, describes lights that have been seen in swamps by the astronomer Bessel and other excellent observers. The lights resemble tiny flames sometimes seen right on the ground and sometimes rising and floating above it. The flames go out in one place and suddenly appear in another, giving the illusion of motion. The colors are sometimes yellow, sometimes red, and sometimes blue-green. No heat is felt, and the lights do not burn or char the ground. They can appear for hours at a stretch and sometimes for a whole night. Generally, there is no smell and no sound except for the popping sound of little explosions such as when a gas burner ignites.


- page 150 -

UFOs Just Swamp Gas?
Continued from Page 1

through the swamp mist, Manner estimates that it was about the size of a car and was hovering about eight to 10 feet off the ground. He thinks it was about 500 yards away.

IT DIDN'T make a sound.
The change from dull red to bright blue-green in white started Manner and the boy. They stood frozen in their tracks for about three or four minutes.

Finally Ronnie could contain himself no longer.
"Look at that horrible thing!" he exclaimed.
And with that, said Manner, the lights snapped off.

Ronnie, a high school track star, bounded across the creek and up a knoll with his father not far behind.

BY THE TIME they reached the knoll, Manner said, the craft had moved perhaps 300 yards eastward up the valley and was again in a glowing red.

Manner said he and his son watched it for a while, but decided against chasing it farther.

A few minutes later, Manner said, the lights went out and the shape was barely visible as a whine like a similar to that of a mooring bullet as the unlighted craft seemed to fly directly over the house.

The next day Manner spent five hours walking through the forest-going valley, searching for a trace of the craft.

"I EXAMINED and circled every branch, but I couldn't see or smell a thing," said Manner.

"I didn't even find a blade of swamp grass that was broken."

The Manners are illustrate at some of the events that have followed.

When Manner's wife, Loretta, 30, drove into Dexter one afternoon to shop, someone draped a large paper sign on her auto with the words: "UFO Can't."

She drove home in tears, right past another sign posted on a fence post. "Caution! Flying Saucers."

EACH NIGHT, long lines of cars containing students from the nearby University of Michigan and other sightseers drive up the muddy road to the house. All night long.

One night a carload of men in a red Corvair stopped in front of the house. A young man got out and leaned a beer bottle through the windshield of Manner's 1961 Dodge.

Sometimes they just drive past, shine a spotlight on the bedroom windows and scream: "Martians!"

A schoolmate told Leland Manner that his dad must have been seeing things. Leland punched the kid in the face.

By week's end, Mrs. Manner, a handsome brown-haired woman, had been given tranquilizers and ordered to bed by her physician.


- page 151 -

The rotting vegetation produces marsh gas which can be trapped during the winter by ice. When the spring thaw occurs, the gas may be released in some quantity. The flame, Minnaert says, is a form of chemical luminescence, and its low temperature is one of its peculiar features. Exactly how it occurs is not known and could well be the subject of further investigation.

The glowing lights over the swamps near Dexter and Hillsdale were observed for two or three hours, and they were red, green, and yellow. They appeared to move sideways and to rise a short distance. No sound was heard except a popping sound.

It seems entirely likely that as the present spring thaw came, the trapped gases, CH4, H2S, and PH3, resulting from decomposition of organic material, were released. The chemistry book by Slenko and Plane has this to say: "In air, Phosphine PH3 usually bursts into flame apparently because it is ignited by a spontaneous oxidation of the impure PH4. The will-of-the-wisp, sometimes observed in marshes, may be due to spontaneous ignition of impure PH3 which might be formed by reduction of naturally occurring phosphorus compound."

It has been pointed out to the investigating personnel by other scientists in this area that in swamps the formation of H2S and from rotting vegetation is common. These could be ignited by the spontaneous burning of PH3.

The association of the sightings with swamps in this particular instance is more than coincidence. No group of witnesses observed any crafts coming to or going away from the swamp. The glow was localized, and Deputy Fitzpatrick described the glow from a rise adjacent to the swamp as visible through the trees. He stated that the light brightened and dimmed much as stage lights do - smoothly and slowly - and this description exactly fits the Hillsdale sighting also. The brightening and dimming could have been due to the release of variable quantities of marsh gas.

The disappearance of the lights when people got close with flashlights or car lights would indicate that the glow seemed bright to dark-adapted eyes. The night was dark and there was no moon. The Hillsdale girls kept their rooms dark in order to see the swamp lights.

It appears very likely that the combination of conditions of this particular winter (an unusually mild one in that area) and the particular weather conditions of that night - it was clear and there was little wind at either location - were such as to have produce this unusual and puzzling display.

2


- page 152 -

QUILTED TYPE SURFACE
BROWN COLOR

lights

LARGEST LIGHT
BETWEEN LIGHTS

lights


- page 153 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

N. TERRITORIAL RD.

ZINGLEY RD.

CROSS
CREEK

WOODS

The rest of the text appears to be partially illegible or handwritten in a way that makes it difficult to definitively transcribe. The image appears to be a hand-drawn map or sketch with various roads, creeks, and wooded areas marked.


- page 154 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ignited by a spontaneous oxidation of the impurity P2H4. The will-o-the-wisp, sometimes observed in marshes, may be due to spontaneous ignition of impure P2H4, which might be formed by reduction of naturally occurring phosphorous compounds."

Other scientists have pointed out to me that in swamps the formation of H2S and CH4 from rotting vegetation is common. These could be ignited by the spontaneous burning of the Phosphine, P2H4.

It would seem to me that the association of the sightings with swamps, in these particular cases, is more than coincidence. No group of witnesses observed any craft coming to or going away from the swamps. The glow was localized there. Deputy Fitzpatrick described the glow as coming from beyond a rise adjacent to the swamps and visible through the trees. He stated that the lights brightened and dimmed much as stage lights do—smoothly and slowly. The girls at Hillsdale described almost the identical thing. This could have been due to the release of variable quantities of marsh gas.

The disappearance of the light when people got close with flash-lights or car lights, would indicate that the glow seemed bright only to dark-adapted eyes. The night was dark—there was no moon. The Hillsdale girls kept their rooms dark in order to see the lights in the swamp.

I emphasize in conclusion that I cannot prove in a Court of Law that this is the full explanation of these sightings. It appears very likely, however, that the combination of the conditions of this particular winter, an unusually mild one in this area, and the particular weather conditions that might—there was little wind at either location—were such as to have produced this unusual and puzzling display.


- page 155 -

trowmser, Minnert, in his book, "Light and Color, in The Open Air," has
this to say about swamps. He describes lights that have been seen in
swamps by the astronomer Bessel and other excellent observers. The lights,
he says, resemble tiny flames, sometimes seen right on the ground, sometimes
floating above it. The flames go out in one place and suddenly appear in
another, giving the illusion of motion. The colors, he says, are sometimes
yellow, sometimes red and blue-green. No heat is felt, and the lights do
not burn or char the ground. They can appear for hours at a time and sometimes for a whole night. Generally there is no smell, and usually no
sound, except the popping sound of little explosions, such as when a gas
burner ignites.

Where does the gas come from, and what lights it? The rotting vegetation produces marsh gas which can be trapped by ice and winter conditions.
When a spring thaw occurs, the gas may be released in some quantity.

The flame, Minnert says, is a form of chemical luminescence and its
low temperature is one of its peculiar features. Exactly how it occurs
is not known and this in itself might be made a subject of an interesting
study.

The glowing lights on the swamp near Porter and Hillsdale were observed for two to three hours. No sounds were heard, except for popping
sounds. The lights were red, green or yellow and they appeared to move
sideways, and to rise a short distance. I emphasize this would not be
seen frequently--it is of a unique character. I have never seen it myself
and I can easily understand the dismay of the witnesses who saw it and who
sincerely described what they saw.

It seems likely that as the present spring thaws came the trapped
gases CH4, H2S, P4, resulting from decomposition of organic materials were
released. The chemistry book by Sianko and Plana has this to say: "In
air, phosphine, P4, usually bursts into flame, apparently because it is


- page 156 -

Here is the text from the document:

And, I have also determined that the pictures released yesterday to the press were taken on March 17, near Milan, Mich., and have no reference whatever to the sightings of March 20 or 21st, and are without any question a time exposure of the rising crescent moon and the planet Venus. I emphasize that this explanation refers to those specific pictures and not to the two cases now in question.

At long last now, the Dexter and Hillsdale cases: Here are the hard facts, the residue, the common denominator after sifting out as much of the subjective, peripheral, and inconsistent statements as I have been able to do in this short time.

The majority of observers in both cases reported only lights—red, yellow and green, silent glaring lights, near the ground. They have not described an object. Even the only two observers who did describe an object have stated that they were no closer than 500 yards—better than a quarter of a mile away—a distance which does not allow details to be determined.

Witnesses have described glowing lights—lights that seemed to move but never far from a definite locale, or which suddenly disappeared and popped up at another place. Now what was that locale in both instances? In both cases, a swamp. In both cases the location of the glow was pin-pointed: in Dexter it was seen between two distant groups of people, and at Hillsdale it was seen in a swampy depression between the girls and distant trees. It was in both cases a very localized phenomenon. I think that this is a most significant point.

A dismal swamp is a most unlikely place for a visit from outer space!

It is not a place where a helicopter would hover for several hours, or where a soundless, secret device would likely be tested.

Now what is a swamp? It is a place of rotting vegetation and decomposition. Swamps are not the normal province of the astronomer; he usually has his eyes trained toward far loftier places—yet the Dutch so-


- page 157 -

APPENDIX "A"

STATEMENT ON THE DEXTER AND HILLSDALE UFO SIGHTINGS, by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Scientific Consultant to Project Blue Book.

The Air Force has asked me to make a statement on my findings to date.

This I am happy to do, provided it is clearly understood that my statement will refer to the two principal events as reported to me: the event near Dexter, Mich., on March 20, and a similar one at Hillsdale, Mich., on March 21. It does not cover the hundreds of unexplained reports as opposed to the thousands of explained cases made not only to Project Blue Book, but those from other countries, over the past several years, as described in recent books and articles. I have not investigated those—such as the one near Exeter, N.H. and those in the western states last year, nor the puzzling foreign cases, such as that at Cuernavaca, Mexico, last fall. I have recommended in my capacity as Scientific Consultant, that competent scientists quietly study such cases when evidence from responsible people appears to warrant such study. There may be much of potential value to science in such events. We know a very great deal more about the physical world in 1966, than we did in 1866—but, by the same token, the people in the year 2066 may regard us as very incomplete in our scientific knowledge. We must not in our haste to have answers, be Frederick Smith.

If then, it is understood I am not making a blanket statement to cover the entire UFO phenomenon over the past 20 years in this and other countries, I am prepared to discuss the Dexter and Hillsdale sightings.

Now, in addition to these two specific cases, there has been a flood of other reports from this area, both before and after last Sunday and Monday, and I could not possibly have had the time to investigate all of these. I have had time, however, to determine that in Hillsdale, over and above the sincere and honest reporting by the young ladies at Hillsdale College of a very puzzling sighting, certain young men have played pranks with flares.


- page 158 -

In conclusion, it is unfortunate that so much press and public attention was paid to the Michigan sightings which, as far as UFO reports go, do not compare in substance or in competent witnesses, to many other cases in the file which got very little attention. But at least, in the Michigan cases there was a possible fairly obvious physical explanation at hand; with the others, which remain unidentified, this does not appear to be the case.

E N D

19


- page 159 -

Here is the text from the document:

been present. On the other hand, no convincing or coherent evidence was presented that any object had been seen either to enter or to leave the swamp areas. And why swamp areas in both cases? The case for swamp gas is by no means conclusive, and is unprovable, but still remains in my mind as a logical explanation for the majority opinion as to what was sighted. I therefore presented this likely explanation at the requested press conference, at which I pointed out in no uncertain terms that the swamp gas hypothesis was just that and that "I couldn't prove it in a court of law".

I wish that a press conference had not been necessary, or, if necessary that it had been handled more expertly and adroitly. I have little to say that is complimentary about the public relations office at Selfridge Field.

It was amateurish in the extreme, and displayed no knowledge of how a press conference should be handled.

The entire matter of a full dress press conference was most distasteful to me because I would rather present carefully weighed and consistent evidence and conclusions, with due time allowed, to a body of scientific colleagues than be subject at a moment's notice to a roaring pack of news hounds whose chief interest appears to be in getting a quick story.

I recommend once again, as I have often in the past, in my capacity as scientific consultant, that the UFO phenomenon which has now plagued us for a score of years, and has been responsible for countless words in newsprint during that time, should be recognized as a scientific and sociological problem of our times and studied as such by competent men in various fields. Further, since the first requisite for any scientific investigation is concern for the quality of the basic data, much more attention should be paid to the immediate gathering and processing of such data.

18


- page 160 -

REPORT ON THE DEXTER-HILLSDALE, MICHIGAN UFO SIGHTINGS OF
20 - 21 MARCH 1966

In my capacity as scientific consultant to the Air Force on UFOs, I was requested to investigate two major sightings in Michigan which, for some reason, had captured public attention and were the subject of many radio and news stories. It was unfortunate that I did not ask permission to take at least two assistants along. Mr. of the Dearborn Observatory asked to go along, as had Mr. and Mr. A far better job of interviewing the large number of ostensible witnesses to the same events could have been done.

Once upon the scenes (Dexter and Hillsdale - and Ann Arbor and Chelsea along with Dexter), despite the help of A2C Manby (loaned from Selfridge Field) I realized that the task was far too great for one man if all the witnesses wishing to be interviewed (and many of whom were 'miffed' because I had either not had a chance to talk with them or was able to give only a short time to them) were to be satisfied. Since I had no authority to call in help without going through PTD, and that would take time, I decided upon the following plan of action: I would limit myself to interrogating key witnesses in both localities and would use as the basis of my judgment only those 'information bits' that were agreed upon by several witnesses. I could not give weight to one person who contradicted some bit of information which the others had already concurred in. Thus I had to neglect the testimony of one person who said he saw an object when the majority in the same location described only lights. Had I had assistance, I would have adopted the plan of having an assistant interrogate separately the single witnesses who had a different story to tell. I cannot com-


- page 161 -

Here is the text from the document:

FORD DERBY 5 CONGRESS DISTRICT

UFO Spotters "Resist" Saucer

From Daily News Wire Services
DETROIT, Mar. 26 - An expert's opinion that some of Michigan's unidentified flying objects (UFOs) probably were people who may have convinced the Air Force but not the people who saw them.

"I'm no professor, and I'm not as educated as him, but I think he's all wrong," Mrs. Frank Manner said of Dr. J. Allen Hynek.

House Republican Leader Gerald R. Ford (Mich.) also is unhappy.

UFO has proposed that a committee of Congress investigate UFOs over southern Michigan and other parts of the nation.

FORD IS APPARENTLY dissatisfied at the Air Force investigation, because they have either brushed the reports aside as delusions or they "have come up with nothing conclusive."

Ford says the American people "are becoming alarmed by the UFO stories."

"In the light of these new sightings and incidents," said Ford, "it would be a very wholesome thing for a committee of the Congress to conduct a number of hearings."

Hynek, a Northwestern university astrophysicist and scientist, told a news conference yesterday that sightings made near Dexter Mar. 26 by the Manner family and by officers, and at Hillsdale by 57 college coeds and the county civil defense director.

DR. H. ALLEN HYNEK, UFO PHOTO
Just Moon, Venus, Astrophysicist Says—UPI

Doctor, a small community, is about 50 miles southwest of Detroit. Hillsdale is about 100 miles west.

Hynek said a photograph taken by a sheriff's deputy at Dexter, several miles south of Dexter, Venus, The deputy identified it as a brilliant light on the photograph.

Said the two sightings of brilliant light on the photograph, identified by Hynek as the planets, were captured on film by his camera in a time exposure, as he observed what he considered to be unidentified flying objects.

NUMEROUS UFO sightings have been reported in Michigan, especially in southern lower portion, in recent weeks, many of them by law officers. Hynek said he did not investigate these because large groups had not witnessed them.

He said both the sightings he did investigate were in swampy areas—"most unlikely place for a visit from outer space"—and said the UFOs probably resulted from spring thaws releasing trapped gases resulting from decomposing organic materials.

He added that in the Hillsdale case the sightings might have been caused by youths playing "pranks with flares." The remains of several flares were found near the college shortly after the sightings.

"THERE WERE no flares involved in this," said William Van Horn, Hillsdale county civil defense director. He and the Hillsdale college coeds reported watching a white and red object—about 20 feet across—from dormitory windows for nearly three hours.

"I think I will disappear (Hynek) in a few weeks," Van Horn said. "I also didn't care for the methods of investigation. I know no flares were involved."

Frank Manner and his son, Ronnie, 19, are sure what they saw was not swamp gas.

Although he could not make out the form of the object

Turn to UFOs, Page 8, Col. 1


- page 162 -

plain about the lack of assistance, however, since none of us knew what proportions these incidents would assume as the next few days came around.

My interrogations were made triply difficult because of the ubiquitous press, radio and TV men. It was impossible to talk quietly with anyone without having a microphone placed in front of your face. I was always importuned for "just a word" or, "will you answer just one question?" It is difficult to describe to one who wasn't there the general bedlam. Mr. M----, the chief protagonist in the Dexter case, reportedly complained that I had spent very little time with him. It was virtually impossible to do so; several times I was waiting and anxious to talk with him but he was occupied with several reports. Here again is where some assistants would have come in handy; they could have diverted the reports while I talked to M----. One needs some clever interference run for him in cases like this; it is virtually impossible to do it single handed. By contrast, I recall the Eagle River, Wisconsin "pancake" case. In that instance I had chartered a plane and took several graduate students with me. They were invaluable in chasing down leads, assisting in the interrogation of subsidiary witnesses and running very necessary interference, making special arrangements to see people etc. I have resolved that in investigating future cases, if I do at all, I must have at least one dependable assistant who knows the ropes. Otherwise too much time is wasted in sheer mechanics.

Through the kindness of Prof. ---- of the Graduate School, University of Michigan, I made my headquarters at his home during my several day stay and both he and Mrs. ---- were of extreme help. Mrs. ---- gave freely of her time in answering the phone, which seemed to ring incessantly, to very late hours, and then again early in the morning. It was through Dr. ---- kindness that I was put into touch with several University

2


- page 163 -

of Michigan faculty members (who prefer to remain anonymous) who were able to give me considerable help on possible physical solutions to the sightings. It was at ███████'s invitation that eleven members of the University of Michigan astronomy department met with me at ███████'s home to discuss the sightings and other things as well.

It is virtually impossible to describe the hectic nature of the three days in the Ann Arbor neighborhood. I certainly would not wish to undergo another such episode unless I were far better prepared for it in terms of time and physical assistance. Nonetheless, it happened this way, and I went after the salient 'facts' of the sightings and let the chips fall where they would.

The two primary sightings at Dexter and Hillsdale, respectively, may be called the crucial sightings which became the focal point of local (and later of nationwide) attention, and had associated with them a veritable barrage of other reports with no clear-cut association with the two principal events under discussion here. It is possible that many of these were the result of general excitement surrounding these events and of suggestibility on the part of those who reported them. However, there were reports of odd sightings, particularly in the Milan area, a few nights previous to the sightings here discussed.

It would have taken an array of investigators to have exhaustively looked into all of these. In the course of my three days of investigation, I talked with the following people at some length and with a host of others in passing.

County Sheriff Harvey - Washtenaw County
Deputy Stanley McFadden
Deputy David Fitzpatrick
Patrolman Runnawill
Colonel Gerald G. Miller
Chief Taylor
Mr. ███████ (son-in-law of ███████)
Univ of Michigan, Astronomy Dept. (11 members)
Univ of Michigan, Faculty members

3


- page 164 -

Mr. Radio and Television Engineer
Funeral Director and Civil Defense Chief in Hillsdale
Chief John Palmer, Chelsea Police
Mrs. housemothers at Hillsdale College
Miss Two students at Hillsdale whom Mrs. Hearn chose
Miss as having had the greatest first hand knowledge
Patrolman Clyde Myers
Patrolman Sharp
(Sgt. Schueder, Deps Bushra and Anderson were contacted by A2C Hanby)

I should apologize for the lack of detail in the description of the people I interviewed. Things happened so fast that there was little time for making formal records. The next time I undertake an investigation of any scope I will want to take with me an IBM portable recorder to assist me in getting names, places, and associations down correctly.

There may be some comment that I never interviewed Mr. son. I fully intended to. He was either with reporters or unavailable. There simply was not enough time to interview everyone.

My questions were specifically directed toward determining what was visibly perceived and toward pinpointing the location and extent and duration of the phenomena.

Case A - Dexter, Michigan

There follows the record of the report received at the Washtenaw County Sheriff's Department at 835pm on 20 March 1966 and of the local investigation made. This can be said to have initiated the succession of events.

"Complainant called and stated that there was a strange object in the swamp at the end of road. It was on the ground, went up in air about 500 feet and came down, making a lot of noise.

INVESTIGATION: Dispatched to the above location, and made contact with the complainant at Road. Complainant advised that an un-identi-fied object was presently located in the swamp, to the rear of afore mentioned

4


- page 165 -

location, and had been so located for approximately (½) one-half hour. Complainant further related that the object had been observed to rise to an altitude of approximately 500 feet, and then to return to the ground. Subject stated that lights were observed upon the object, and that the lighting turned from a blue-green to a brilliant red to yellow in coloring. Object had appeared to be having difficulty in getting off of the ground.

and his son had watched the object for some time, and then proceeded into the woods and swamps, in an attempt to locate the object, and to see what it was. Both were within the swamp at the time of arrival of the undersigned officers.

ACTION TAKEN: The undersigned officer, in company with the complainant, proceeded along Dexter-Pinckney Road to Territorial Road, and then turned onto Quigley Road, where a vantage point was obtained, being in direct line with the house, and the area of the objects observation (See Map). At this point, the patrol vehicle was secured, and the afore mentioned proceeded into the woods, in attempt to locate the swamp edge, and the object. While in the woods area, a brilliant light was observed from the far edge of the woods, and upon approaching, the light dimmed in brilliance. As the afore mentioned approached the upper ridge, and edge of the woods, the brilliant light again appeared, and then disappeared. A continued search of the area was conducted, through swamp, and high grass, with negative results.

Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the undersigned officers were met by others who had gathered to observe, and the undersigned officers were informed that one of the objects had been hovering directly over the area where our flashlight beams and been seen, and had then departed in a west direction of flight, at high rate of speed. Upon returning to the patrol vehicle, the under-

5


- page 166 -

signed officers returned to the Road address, where the were talked to.

TALK WITH stated that he had observed the lights coming from the swamp, and had awakened his son then proceeded into the swamps in an attempt to find out the object which was producing the light. Upon entering the lower edge of the swamp, stated "what is that thing", and as looked in the direction indicated, the object was observed. At the instant of observation the small lights went out, and in just an instant, re-appeared across the swamp, a distance of about 500 yards. At this time, the object became illuminated from a brilliant source of light, which flowed horizontal between two (2) small lights. After watching for a couple of minutes, the rays of light from two flashlights were observed from the ridge above the object. The light from the object intensified, then went out, and a whistle similar to the sound of a rifle bullet ricochet was heard, and the object passed directly over just an instant.

DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: Object was observed to be of a brown coloring, appearing to be quilted type outside surface. Object appeared to be flat upon the bottom, and cone shaped toward the top, however, being low in height. Two small lights appeared to be at the outer edges of the object, glowing in a bluish-green light, and intensifying to a brilliant red in color. When the vehicle or object illuminated, the lighting was a yellow-white in color, and ran horizontal between the two outer lights, allowing some of the object to be viewed. Outer body appeared to be rough in texture.

PERSONS OBSERVING OBJECT:
Dexter, DOB Jan 5, 1919
Dexter, DOB Jan 28, 1947
Several others, names unknown.

6


- page 167 -

FURTHER UFO SIGHTED: Shortly after the UFO was departed from the scene, CHELSEA POLICE DEPARTMENT reported sighting a similar object over the Village of Chelsea, hovering, and then departing at high rate of speed in a westerly direction.

A further sighting of similar bluish-green lights was reported near the woods and swamp, north side of N Territorial Road, between Scully Road, and Webster-Church Road, in Webster Twp., County of Washtenaw, by Washtenaw County Sheriff Patrol #19, however, when attempt was made to get closer lights disappeared and were not observed again. Further search of the area was made with negative results.

DISPOSITION: FURTHER INVESTIGATION AND SEARCH OF THE AREA WAS MADE WITH NEGATIVE RESULTS.

STATUS: OPEN

End of Record at Washtenaw County Sheriff Office.

Mr. [redacted], the "complainant", is the son-in-law of Mr. [redacted] who made the original sighting. Mr. [redacted] told that he was about to enter his house from a front yard, when according to him, he noticed a bright light out of the corner of his eye. He thought at first it was a falling star which he said abruptly stopped right over a swamp to the immediate north of his barn. He called his son, Ronald, out from the house to verify the sighting and together they watched the glow of light behind the trees in the distant swamp. Apparently at this time Mr. Wagner made the report to the Sheriff's office. Deputy McFadden and Fitzpatrick were dispatched to the [redacted] farm and in my interview with McFadden and particularly with Fitzpatrick (with whom I spent several hours in detailed discussions) they stated that upon arrival at the farm Mr. [redacted] and his son

7


- page 168 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

were already making a trek to the swamp area to look in an attempt to locate the
"object". and his son did not carry any lights, save a cigarette lighter
(it seems strange since the night was dark, being the new moon). The deputies
thereupon proceeded to the point marked A on figure #1, where they parked their
car. They then proceeded towards the glow along a path marked by a dotted line
(a path which I almost exactly repeated on Wednesday, 23 March in the company
of Deputy Fitzpatrick and Airman Kelley, to point B). From point B, Deputy
Fitzpatrick observed a glow emanating from point marked C. Point C is also
indicated on a map of the region. Points A, B, C & M are also indicated on
figure 2. Deputy Fitzpatrick reported that the glow reported at C brightened
and dimmed slowly, "as though stage lights were being brightened and dimmed".
Deputy Fitzpatrick never observed anything other than a glow. He did not even
observe the glow to rise to the tree top level and his son indicated
it had.

While Deputy McFadden busied himself in another direction in the swamp,
Deputy Fitzpatrick proceeded towards the glow. The deputies were equipped
with flashlights and the lights from the flashlights were visible to Mr. and his son who had now returned to the farm and were observing the deputies
search afrom afar. Deputy Fitzpatrick stated to me that as he and his flashlight
approached the glow, whose source was apparently hidden by a slight rise in the
terrain, the glow disappeared. Deputy Fitzpatrick did not see it again. Mr.
reported that as he observed the deputies approach the depression with
their flashlights, (the area of the glow) the glow disappeared there and
immediately appeared at a more distant point of the swamp. Mr. described
the motion of the glow as a smooth horizontal motion which did not follow the

8


- page 169 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

countour of the land. He indicated that if this had been an ordinary vehicle
the lights would have proceeded with a bumpy motion because of the irregularities
in the terrain. Mr. indicated that the glow in various parts of the
swamp lasted for 2½ - 3 hours. The stories of Mr. and Deputies McFadden
do not exactly agree here but this might be due to their different advantage
points.

During the trek towards the swamp (incidently they never arrived
at their objective, never getting closer than 500 yards) they stated that as
they came closer to the swamp they saw an oval object depicted in figures 3 & 4.
Deputy McFadden drew figure #4, though he stated to me that he had not seen the
object himself. and his son described the vehicle as a brownish oval
with a green and white light at the opposite ends of the longitudal axle and
a bright red elongated light in between the two.

When the officers returned to their patrol car they found two other patrol
cars there. Deputy Hunnavill and his wife who were in one car, and Officer
Bushroe in another, asked the returning officers whether they had seen the
lights directly above them. The new arrivals stated that four lights were hovering
directly above the officers while they were conducting their search in the swamp,
and expressed surprise that the officer had not seen the lights. Deputy Hunnavill
stated that one of the lights came directly towards his car, passing it slightly
to the right. Mrs. had rolled the window down and, peering out, stated
that she observed the ball of light to pass very close to the car. Officer
Hunnavill had turned the car motor off to check whether any sound came from
the ball of light, there was none. As he did so the object was visible in front
of him through the windshield. He got out, paused to shut the door, and then
looked around for the object, only to discover that the object was already to

9


- page 170 -

the rear of the car. This high angular rate, if correct, would indicate
that the light must have been very near.

Before proceeding with a discussion of these observations it would be
best to examine the basic reports from the Hillsdale area because of the
great similarity between them and those in Dexter.

It is most unfortunate that none of the witnesses in the Dexter area were
technically trained. It was difficult for me to speak to them in terms of angles,
and angular rates - their powers of description were inadequate to the
occasion; they would have made poor reports or investigators. This is not to
disparage the witnesses, and certainly not to impugn their honesty or sincerity
- they simply lacked the ability to describe accurately and technically.

Let us now examine the Hillsdale case; the witnesses were of the same
order as those at Dexter with the exception of Mr. [redacted] who has had
technical training, holds a pilot's license, and is generally articulate. But
even for him the words of accurate description failed him. Further, to one
of his training, he should have availed himself of other technically trained
people in the area rather than rely solely on the girls at Hillsdale college.

The college has some science teachers who certainly should have been alerted
and their opinions and observations solicited. Also, while we could hardly
expect Mr. [redacted] to have a camera ready, certainly the people at Hillsdale,
with a good vantage point, and three hours available to them, should have
placed a camera in action and obtained a time exposure of the lights. So now
let us look at the Hillsdale case:

CASE 3 - Hillsdale, Michigan

On Thursday, March 24th I traveled to Hillsdale with Airman 2nd Class
Hanby and his driver to investigate the Hillsdale case. We called first at

10


- page 171 -

the home of [redacted] County Civil Defense Director and operator of the [redacted] Funeral home. He has a pilots license, been in the Air Force, and is a very knowledgeable and seemingly efficient person. I talked with him at length about the sighting. Mrs. [redacted] had taken the first call, a report from the girls' dormitory, to the effect that there were blue, red and white lights visible to the east from the dormitory near the ground.

[redacted] went to the back roof of his house and for 10 minutes scanned the skies and could see nothing. He did see a white light in the SW which he stated was stationary at first, and then appeared to change azimuth from 210 to 270 degrees. His wife and son [redacted] observed it for about 20 minutes.

He said it wasn't a star, and not an aircraft because it remained in the field of the binoculars for five minutes. But he saw nothing in the area of the sky to the northeast and east. This was reported to the girls but they called back at [redacted] and stated, in effect, "sorry to bother your, don't want you to think we are crackpots, but the thing is coming down". It was straight of the dormitory and probably 5 miles away, they stated. Van Horn called the State Police as well as the city police who arrived shortly, investigated the area and reported there was nothing to be seen. Because the girls continued to report lights [redacted] decided to go to the dormitory.

He saw Mrs. [redacted] housemother at the dormitory, who took [redacted] to the second floor of the dormitory. They went to the room where Miss. [redacted] and [redacted] were. The girls had the room dark and windows open and were looking down towards a swampy depression in the country side.

Observed the lights then himself for the first time.

11


- page 172 -

