Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
4 July 66  04/0752

2. LOCATION
West Galveston Bay, Texas

3. SOURCE
Civilians

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1.5 Minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SIZE CASE

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Not Reported

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

West Galveston Bay, Texas - 4 July 66

FTD (TEST)/mc
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
16 August 1966

Houston, Texas 77045

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

It was quite interesting learning of your unusual observation. Your description was fascinating. It is truly a pleasure to learn of such an observation since it provides additional information to add to the present data base. In many cases observations such as yours have enabled our office to make far more valid evaluations.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 2 -

Major

In accordance with our phone conversation, I am enclosing the report on the sighting in Galveston.

If I can be of any further assistance, please let me know.

Sincerely,

[Signature and name are redacted]


- page 3 -

July 6, 1966

M.
c/o Burke Baker Planetarium
Houston, Texas 77004

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

In accord with your instructions of July 5th I am pleased to transmit this report of the unusual astronomical sighting made by my sons and me recently.

Place of sighting was an Island in West Galveston Bay 29°-17'N lat. and 94°-54.5'W long. Time 0100 through 0115 July 4, 1966. Azimuth of object 355° - altitude approximately 60°. Sky conditions clear to partly cloudy with scattered cumulus and widely scattered thunder showers. Moon Full - approximate azimuth 200°. Wind from Southeast 5 to 10 knots at surface. Estimated velocities up to 15-20 knots at 5 to 10,000 Feet altitude as indicated by cloud movement.

A search light, presumably at the Galveston weather station at the air terminal, was maintained most of the night and remained truly vertical as though determining ceiling or cloud layer elevations. Much of the area northward from our position was dimly lighted by several rather large refinery flares in the Texas City area. Our position was quite isolated being a small island about 70 yards in diameter and located on the south edge of the intercoastal canal.

There were no lights in our area other than one gasoline lantern being maintained by a party such as ours on another island about one thousand yards eastward from our position. My eldest son Larry was 18 was asleep during the greater part of the observation. My youngest son David ll was awake throughout the sighting and observed all that I saw.

At about one o'clock I inadvertantly looked up in the Northern sky and observed a brilliant, bright orange flare of light (through a cloud). This light fluctuated in intensity. I immediately called this to David's attention and remarked it appeared we would have the somewhat doubtful distinction and duty to report a UFO. However, as the clouds swept by it became immediately apparent, to me, that the spectacle was emitting from outer space. The one feature of the object which speeded this conclusion was the absence of any relative or apparent motion. The object maintained its position relative to a star. This star was of a lesser magnitude, say 2 to 2.4, was about 60° from the northern horizon (i.e. midway between Polaris and our Zenith) and with Cassiopeia being fully eastward and Ursa Major being fully westward the reference star was about five degrees westward from Polaris. This star could have been Mirfak


- page 4 -

July 6, 1966
Page 2

Perseus B and on the next clear night I will accurately determine this. When viewed in the clear sky the object resembled huge Comet but with no visible body and a foreshortened tail. Its width appeared to be about 1/6 that of the moon when the moon is at its zenith. The length of the object was about a moons diameter. It was oriented in a south-south-eastward direction and its southern end appeared blunt and the northern end, which I assumed to be the tail end appeared feathered to a soft oval. In the clear sky it also fluctuated in brightness and in the period between 0100 and 0115 it diminished in intensity from the original bright intensity to a soft orange-red. Just before disappearing it had the appearance of a small galaxy or star cluster.

Around 0115 it disappeared several times (2 or 3) and reappeared faintly before extinction. It was during the final few minutes that I awakened Larry to invite him to see a "comet". He had difficulty seeing the object. When the object began to dim and reached a soft red hue one would get the impression that upon viewing the object through a telescope one would see a shower of spark like particles or bodies arrayed in random fashion behind the blunt (Southern) end.

The following details concerning this object are pertinent and will be repeated for emphasis:

During the entire demonstration the body seemed fixed as if in infinity. It fluctuated from a bright, flashing white orange to a dull red orange. It had dimensions which would indicate inertia or velocity. It is possible that immediately prior to 0100 there was a brilliant burst of light which captured our attention.

Due to the location in space of the object we have ruled out UFOs, Balloons, reflections, weather, aircraft, searchlights and other man-made influences. The object appeared to be made up of particulate matter or small bodies as opposed to being a solid state body.

This is the first and only report to be made by me concerning celestial phenomenon or UFOs. I have witnessed one comet. This was about 1959 and the appearance of this comet was public knowledge. If I were pressed to guess on the nature of the spectacular which we observed I would say we had witnessed a stellar collision of somewhat major magnitude which had occurred millions of light years ago. Perhaps there is a much simpler and less exotic explanation.

I sincerely feel the foregoing is an accurate recitation of our experiences. If required I would be most pleased to answer any questions you may have concerning this unusual event.

Yours very truly,

HAB/p
[Location details redacted]


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Time 0100 LGT

Object
Ref. Sta.

Azimuth 5°

Polaris

Texas City

Horizon

Bridge Gateway

The document appears to be a technical diagram showing various reference points, angles, and a horizon line with some geographical markers like Texas City and Bridge Gateway.


- page 6 -

