PROJECT 10G73 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 Nov 66 4/01002

2. LOCATION: Magnolia, New Jersey

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15-38 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual

7. COURSE: SW

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Other (Conflicting) Confusing data

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers reported a bright white oblong shaped object that went behind a cloud. At one time a man's form was heard. The brightness was compared to a car headlight, about six blocks away. One observer said that it was nothing more than a car light. At another time a son who reported the sighting.

The time duration of the sighting is different in the two facts shown. One said over one hour, in another for about 15 minutes. Also there is some discrepancy in the time making it difficult to determine the exact time of the sighting.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
August 2, 1966
Magnolia, N.J.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Magnolia, N.J. he said not to write

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS c/o Magnolia, N.J.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]    AGE 11½    SEX male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
15    Nov    66
Day    Month    Year


- page 3 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 Dec 66

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Please send me info about UFO's
from other page 6

[Redacted name] - said not to say
or write anything about it. He said he
didn't want to get involved with the
Air Force. He said it was a car light
in the sky coming from water but
it was sly and the shape was oblong.
I do know everything about it that
them to me and I'll fill them out.
Thank you.


- page 4 -

TDEV/UFO

UFO Sighting, 3 November 1966                     14 December 1966

Magnolia, New Jersey 08049
Dear [redacted],

Reference your unidentified observation of 3 November 1966.
The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation.
Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in
the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air
Force.

Sincerely,

NESTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF                1 Atch
Chief, Project Blue Book                            FTD Form 164


- page 5 -

Magnolia NJ
November 3, 1966

Dear Sir,

I am reporting a flying saucer over Magnolia, New Jersey at:

Time: - 7 hours, 59 minutes and 50 seconds P.M.

Date: November 3, 1966 - Thursday

Sky - cloudy
Time zone - Standard
Nearest postal address - above
How long - 15 minutes
Stars - none
Brighter than sky - yes

[Signature/Stamp in bottom right corner]


- page 6 -

62 Appendix III-

10. A dark away

11. AND E. YES
    B. NO     F. NO
    C. NO     G. YES
12. NO #.

12. YES    a cloud
13. YES    a cloud
14. solid
15. C. windshield and window glass
16. a. sound - Humming
    b. color - white
17. sharp and straight
18. -
19. -
20. -
21. 50 feet
22. k. it was like a thin cut straight
23. in to the clouds
24. a narrow and long slice of
    plywood
25. So a car
26. B. residuation section


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

wp-f sec 48 - 113 - 65

21. I was sitting to the
road and look up the sky.

26. north
29. southeast
30. southwest
31.
32.

33. self 13
34.1 D thick - 34.2 R. Newkirk
34.3 - clay, 34.4 R. cold
35. + D/DNT except again
36. YES 36.1 YES 36.2 Stanley Glyndon
37. NO. 133% Delmas
37. In August I my home - Magnolia
cloudy which.
38. does it become maybe depth from
a car with water but it was
clay south times.
39. YES - 2 c pm.m.
40. 59 feet

Student age 11 sex Male
a Shade Jack of


- page 8 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
3   11   66
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 8 00
             Hour   Minutes   (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern   (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Central                   b. Standard
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other __________

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Manas Ave W.R. Magnolia N.J.
Nearest Postal Address         City or Town         State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)   1   28
                                 Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? I looked at a clock

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No X

6. Condition of the sky:
DAY                           NIGHT
a. Bright                     a. Bright
b. Cloudy                     b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 9 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Can't really judge about 6 blocks

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
behind a cloud

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:   a cloud

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:   a cloud

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   humming
b. Color   white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a rectangular object with an arrow indicating movement "along & up"]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 10 m.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 150 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

24.2 How fast were you moving? 60

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No in the driveway

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a sheachlight (crossed out) made square


- page 12 -

