The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. government program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT OUTPUT:

PROJECT 10373 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 13 JUNE 66 12/02303
2. LOCATION Mesquita, Texas
3. WITNESS Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Less than 20 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE North
8. PHOTOS No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No
10. CONCLUSION INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS SEE CASE

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, likely a letter or report regarding unidentified flying object observations.

SIGHTINFO (DESTR) 
HQ USAF-PRC), OHIO 54433
16 JUNE 1966

Dear Sir,

Reference your recent unidentified observations on 11 June 1966. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. 

We need additional details, such as those on the attached PID Forms 154 and return them in the envelope provided.

Also enclosed for your information is a brochure on Project Blue Book which describes the program to date.

We wish to thank you for your interest in unidentified flying objects.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUITANAVILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of handwritten text, which I will transcribe as follows:

Air Force Department
Committee Building
Washington, D.C.

Dear Jess:

On the night of 11-23-66, we [were] contacted by telephone by some friends and they were able to object much like a spy's gaining process the threat of more than two or three flying objects proceeding on a parallel, but the all knew a satellite, but we'll have a satellite, but three minutes.

In less than 30 minutes.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing handwritten text.

Transcribed text from the document:

"This appeared as a daytime sighting around 5:20 PM, lasting for approximately 10 minutes. The object was described as a metallic, disc-shaped, and fast-moving object, larger than a passenger jet, and banding at the edge. The object was observed by at least four witnesses and was reported to have alternately appeared and disappeared from view. More details are given regarding the object's movements and behavior, such as a "wibbling" or oscillating motion and a sudden burst of speed. The observer notes that the object was much faster than any conventional aircraft, and that it appeared to be intelligently controlled. The document suggests that this sighting was investigated as part of Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports."

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image consists of handwritten text on a blank page.

Textual output from OCR:

Little thanks from high school. I would like to remind you that we did see something and that did get explained this better.
Thank you.
Sincerely,
[redacted]

P.S. It was a crystal clear night.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten page from a report document.

1st 90° turn
| 
|--
|  |
| 
| 2nd 90°turn
Couse of 
object

At this point it turned 3rd 90° turn. This is where the space craft, or whatever it is, took shape. I have no idea where it went from there.

- page 6 -

