RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
ASIASHAF-AI
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

7-3745-4155
1003855


- page 1 -

Text found in the document:

Total UFO Sightings
Number of UFO's Explained

FIGURE 1 UFO Sightings by Year

The x-axis shows years from 1947 to 1965
The y-axis shows Number of UFOs from 0 to 1500
There are two lines on the graph - one for Total UFO Sightings and one for Number of UFO's Explained


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

LRS-7

records show that 701 sightings were recorded between October and
December of that year.

Historical Sightings of Aerial Phenomena

Prior to the so-called "modern era" (i.e., post-1947) of UFO
activity, unexplained flying objects were reported less frequently.
Peaks of activity are discernible in the 1882-1886 period, as well as
in 1887, 1906 and 1909 (see Figure 2). Written sources, ranging from
ancient manuscripts to noted newspapers tell of pre-twentieth century
UFO sightings; Jacques Vallee, author of Anatomy of a Phenomenon, has
assembled a file of more than 300 such reports for that period.

After 1800, sightings became more numerous and were better documented, both in the public and professional press. The explanations
of such phenomena involved much conjecture, but observers increasingly
sought rational criteria against which to test observations.

The great lesson of western civilization is that such
a relation, between natural phenomena, cannot be
adequately understood on the basis of introspection,
speculation or superstition, but requires investigation.
The methods and techniques of investigation are what
we mean by science. 11/

Identification of Flying Objects (versus UFOs)

To evaluate UFO sightings, the Air Force has established categories
of identification, 12/ based upon previous experience that usually permits
conversion of an unidentified flying object to an identifiable one:

Aircraft -- evaluations are made on the basis of description and flight characteristics. Essential
performance elements are delineated for conventional,
jet, photo, and advertising aircraft; helicopters,
and refueling missions.


- page 3 -

LRS-8

YEARLY NUMBER OF UFO REPORTS -- 1815-1915

Figure 2

Chart reproduced with permission of Henry Regnery Company, from Anatomy of a Phenomenon by Jacques Vallee (Chicago, 1965), following p. 116.

1


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

LR5-9

Balloons -- evaluations are made on the basis of descrip-
tion and flight characteristics. Essential performance
elements are delineated for weather (low level) balloons,
upper research balloons, other research balloons (e.g.,
pillow, cluster, mylar) and miscellaneous (toy, "hot
air") balloons.

Astronomical sightings -- bright stars, planets, comets,
fireballs, meteors, auroral streamers, etc.
Satellites -- evaluation will be based on four elements of
data: time of sighting, description of object, direction
of flight, and duration of sighting.

Other -- missiles, reflections, mirages, searchlights, birds,
kites, spurious radar indications, fireworks, flares.

Those UFO reports which are not relegated to one of the "Identified"
categories (above) are designated either under "Insufficient Data" or as
"Unidentified". Reports categorized as "Insufficient Data" lack one or
more elements of critical information; every effort is made to obtain this
data in order to perform a meaningful analysis.

A sighting is considered to be "Unidentified" when "a report apparently
contains all pertinent data necessary to suggest a valid hypothesis concerning the cause or explanation of the report but the description of the object
or its motion cannot be correlated with any known object or phenomenon."13/

The role of the analyst who must evaluate the sighting reports is
especially demanding because:

The attempted identification of the phenomena observed
is generally derived from human impressions and interpretations and not from scientific devices or measurements.14/

The French student of UFO's, Vallee, agrees, but cautions that "We must
analyze the evidence already gathered in such a way that we neither presuppose nor preexclude any possible conclusion."15/

U.S. GOVERNMENT MONITORING OF UFO ACTIVITY
As the result of the flurry of sightings throughout the United States
following Arnold's observation of several disc-shaped objects, a letter


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

LR3-10

was sent September 23, 1947 by Lt. Gen. Nathan Twining, Commander of the Air Materiel Command, to the Office of Chief of Staff of the U. S. Air Force, expressing the opinion that there was "sufficient substance to the reports to warrant detailed study." 16/ On December 30, 1947 the Chief of Staff, Gen. Carl Spaatz, directed Gen. Joseph T. McNarney, Chief of the Air Materiel Command, to establish a special project for the purpose of collecting, collating, evaluating, and distributing information concerning UFO sightings. Thus, "Project Sign" came into being on February 11, 1948. 17/

Air Force Establishes a Special Project

In February of 1949, the Project Sign report was published, stating that on the basis of 243 of the "best documented" reports studied, "no definite evidence was available to confirm or disprove the actual existence of unidentified flying objects as new and unknown types of aircraft." 18/

On December 16, 1948, the project name was changed to "Grudge"; the conclusions reached after studying 244 reports (best documented) was that the phenomena presented no threat to the security of the United States and that the vast majority of sightings were misinterpretations of conventional objects. 19/ The newly formed Department of the Air Force, then, was designated as the Federal Government's instrument for "investigating reports on unidentified flying objects and of evaluating any possible threat to our national security that such objects might pose." 20/

In March, 1952, the Air Force project name became "Project Blue Book", which remains its current official designation.

The objectives of Project Blue Book are twofold: first, to determine whether UFOs pose a threat to the security of the United States; and second, to determine whether


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

LES-11

UFOs exhibit any unique scientific information or advanced technology which could contribute to scientific or technical research." 21)

Investigatory Procedures

When a sighting is reported, it is the responsibility of the air base commander closest to the scene to investigate the occurrence, interview the witness(es), and complete the requisite form. The documentation (FTD Form 164) is forwarded to the Aerial Phenomena Branch, Foreign Technology Division, Air Force Systems Command, at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. There it is carefully reviewed by Project Blue Book personnel, and a check is made, as appropriate, with the cognizant specialty groups noted below. If a second investigation is deemed necessary, either Air Force or consultant personnel visit the scene of the incident, and submit a further report.

Since 1955, Project Blue Book continues to investigate only those sightings which are reported either directly to the Air Force, or via some law enforcement agency. Only sightings within the continental 22/ United States are included in these investigatory efforts. Information is prepared by the USAF Office of Information for the general public in the form of news releases and "Fact Sheets".

Consultants Provide Expertise in Many Areas

In the day-to-day treatment of UFO sightings, the Air Force team utilizes the expertise of many organizations and individuals (see 23/ Figure 3). For astronomical sightings, such scientists as Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Dr. Charles P. Olivier, and Dr. Donald Menzel are used; also, the staffs of scientific magazines (Sky and Telescope, etc.) are


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Figure 3: REPORTING, INVESTIGATING, AND ANALYZING UFO SIGHTINGS

LHG-12

Boxes and sections include:
UFO SIGHTING
FIRST REPORT

Reporting sources:
- PRIVATE UFO ORGANIZATIONS
- NEWS MEDIA
- STATE & LOCAL LAW OFFICERS AND PUBLIC OFFICIALS
- MILITARY SERVICE OR FEDERAL GOVERNMENT

Central section labeled "PUBLIC"

Investigation Compilation Analysis section includes:
Witnesses:
- RADAR SPECIALISTS
- AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLERS
- LOCAL AIR FORCE BASE INVESTIGATOR
- ARMY, NAVY

Other investigation participants:
- FAA, NASA, OTHER GOVT. AGENCIES
- PHOTO SPECIALISTS
- CONSULTANTS

Additional note:
- AERIAL PHENOMENA BRANCH, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

The document appears to be a flowchart/diagram showing the process of reporting, investigating, and analyzing UFO sightings.


- page 8 -

LRS-13

queried. In the case of suspected aircraft sightings, contact is made with the Air Defense Command, the Strategic Air Command, local airports, and the Federal Aviation Agency.

Balloon sightings are referred to one or more of the following: Balloon Control Center (Holloman AFB), U.S. Weather Bureau (Ashville, N.C.), local airports and weather stations, and various industries (e.g., General Mills) and universities which are conducting balloon research activities. Satellite information is checked by reference to printed ECHO (the large reflector satellite) schedules, NASA satellite reports, Smithsonian North and South Equatorial Crossings, and the Space Detection and Tracking Systems (SPADATS). Missile information is obtained by contacting Cape Kennedy (Fla.), Vandenberg AFB (Calif.), Point Magu (Calif.), Wallops Island (Va.), or military units involved in special exercises.

Special Air Force analytical groups, and on occasion Eastman Kodak Co., handle the technical aspects of radar sightings and most photographic reports. Physical specimens suspected of connection with the sightings are processed by such groups as Battelle Memorial Institute (ceramics), the Air Force Materiel Laboratory, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, Libby Owens and Corning Fibreglass companies (glass), and certain academic groups (e.g., Northwestern University Department of Geology).


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

LRC-14

Special Studies of UFOs

In addition to in-house studies, the Air Force contracted with an industrial consultant in 1951 for an independent analysis leading to:

Special Report No. 4 (Analysis of Reports of Unidentified Aerial Objects), dated May 5, 1955. The methodology used in the preparation of this report is discussed below.

Concurrently with this independent study, the Air Force appointed a Scientific Advisory Panel chaired by the late Dr. H. P. Robertson (California Institute of Technology). This five-man panel met during the week of January 14, 1953, and examined 75 of the best documented UFO cases. The panel concluded that the phenomena presented no threat to the security of the United States. It further recommended that the Air Force deprive the project of its special status, which would aid in decreasing the mystery attached to the subject. News releases and all matters dealing with the public could be handled by the Office of Information at the Secretary 24/ level.

Air Force Regulation 200-2

In 1953, Air Force Regulation 200-2 (see Appendix A) was issued, which established the responsibility and procedures for reporting information and evidence on UFO's, and for releasing information to the general public.

This regulation established the UFO Program to investigate and analyze UFO's over the United States. Such investigation and analysis are directly related to Air Force responsibility for the defense of the United States. 25/

A questionnaire (see Appendix B) was prepared for use in documenting sightings of unidentified aerial phenomenon, entitled "U. S. Air Force


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

LR3-15

Technical Information" (FTD Form 164). The essential elements of information to be reported by observers include such items as time and place of sighting, weather conditions, object size and motion, and location of observer.26/

Procedures were established -- JANAP 146, Clrvis, Merint -- to guide the other military services in reporting UFO sightings.

Special Report No. 14

Throughout the period of preparation of Special Report No. 14 by the industrial consultant study team, emphasis was placed on a step-by-step, rational analysis of sighting data, and care was taken to place the reports in a standardized, carefully structured form. A procedure then was developed for reducing the data to usable form, to be accomplished in four major steps:

1) a systematic listing of the factors necessary to evaluate the observer and his report, and to identify the unknown object observed

2) a standard scheme for the transfer of data to a mechanized computation system

3) an orderly means of relating the original data to all subsequent forms

4) a consistent procedure for the identification of the phenomenon described by the original data.27/

A questionnaire form and a coding system with appropriate work sheets were designed and a serial numbering system was established for sighting data. Key terminology then was agreed upon, with the term "Unit Sighting" referring to the actual sighting, and "Object Sighting" referring to the assumed number of phenomena.28/

Evaluation of sighting reports in preparation of data for later statistical treatment has been considered to be critical. The standardized procedure in Special Report No. 14 featured:


- page 11 -

UG 633

THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
LEGISLATIVE REFERENCE SERVICE

FACTS ABOUT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

Robert L. Chartrand
Specialist in Science and Technology
Science Policy Research Division

Assisted By:
William C. Brown
Analyst in Science and Technology
Science Policy Research Division

May 5, 1966
Washington, D.C.


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

L68-16

1) the deduction of discrete facts from data which
   depended on human impressions rather than scientific
   measurements

2) the rating of the observer and his report as determined
   from available information

3) the determination of the probable identification of the
   phenomenon observed. 20/

Categories of identification included: balloon, astronomical, aircraft,
light phenomenon, birds, clouds (dust, etc.), insufficient information,
psychological manifestations, unknown, and other. 20/ Identifications
were performed in two phases, first by the individual who first made the
transcription of the sighting data, and second, by a conference of four
persons (two from the Air Force, two from an outside consultant group)
in order to maximize objectivity and thoroughness in the handling of this
data.

Thus, the study team worked to ensure that the collection, collation,
and interpretation of sighting data were performed according to the proper
procedures. The relationship between the observed fact per se and the
subsequent interpretation is noted by Menzel and Boyd:

In the study of UFO phenomena this question of 'evidence'
is crucial. The careful investigator tries always to
distinguish sharply between an observed fact, which is
evidence, and an interpretation of that fact, which is
not evidence no matter how reasonable it may seem. 21/

Vallee, in his discussion of report handling, goes one step further
in urging that "the two operations -- maintaining a file of reports in
accordance with official regulations, and doing research on the information contained in the reports -- should be very clearly separated, and
separate codes should be used." 22/

To best analyze sighting data on unidentified aerial objects, Special
Report No. 14 declares that the Air Force should engage in a "systematic


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

LRS-17

sorting and tabulation program to give frequency and percentage distribu-
tions of the important characteristics of sightings." In this way,
sorting, counting, and tabulating of information from the punched card
abstracts could be executed, and further, any emerging patterns or
trends might be identified and used in future, more sophisticated treatment using statistical methods.

Attempts to Create a "Flying Saucer" Model

An attempt to discern meaningful trends and patterns in UFO sightings then was made by analyzing the descriptions of the physical appearance, flight characteristics, and other significant attributes of various classes of UFOs. Of the 434 object sightings identified as "Unknowns", only 12 were described in enough detail that they could serve
as the basis for the creation of a "flying saucer model". Other
sighting data did, however, sometimes coincide with certain features of
the reported UFOs in these four categories.

These 12 sightings could be placed in four categories on the
basis of their shapes:


- page 14 -

LR3-18

Figure 4- Propeller Shape

Figure 5

Aircraft Shapes

Figure 6


- page 15 -

LRG-19

Figure 7

Windshield

Figure 8

Lighted Windows

Cigar Shapes


- page 16 -

LRO-20

Flashing light

Figure 9

Portholes

Figure 10

Elliptical or Disc Shapes


- page 17 -

Figure 11

(Side View)

Figure 12

Elliptical or Disc Shapes


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ERS-22

As a result of studying intensively the 12 subject cases, the study team was unable to develop a verified model of a "flying saucer". How-ever, the four categories of reported flying objects (as shown in Figures 4 through 12) did evolve and could be used for future references.

The conclusions contained in Special Report No. 14 noted that:

it is considered to be highly improbable that reports of unidentified aerial objects examined in this study represent observations of technological developments outside of the range of present-day scientific knowledge. It is emphasized that there has been a complete lack of any valid evidence of physical matter in any case of a reported unidentified aerial object. 26/

Ad Hoc Committee of USAF Scientific Advisory Board

Early in 1966, an ad hoc committee of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board reviewed the resources and methods of investigation prescribed by Project Blue Book, at the request of Maj. Gen. E. B. LeBailly, Secretary of the Air Force Office of Information. 27/ After reviewing the findings of the 1953 Robertson panel, and hearing briefings by Air Force Project Blue Book personnel, the committee then reviewed selected case histories of UFO sightings.

The committee felt that it was significant that in spite of thousands of hours of astronomical observation and photographic coverage, "not a single unidentified object has been reported as appearing on any of these plates or been sighted visually in all these observations." 28/ Finally, it was concluded that "in the 19 years since the first UFO was sighted there has been no evidence that unidentified flying objects are a threat to our national security." 29/ However, in order to reduce the number of reported flying objects classified as "Unidentified", the reports included recommendations for strengthening the project staff, contracting with a


- page 19 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

LRS-23

few selected universities to assist in UFO investigations, initiation of studies in depth of selected cases, an expanded form (questionnaire) for reporting, and wider distribution of UFO official literature.

It was announced on April 21, 1966 by Rep. Gerald R. Ford that the United States Air Force has contracted with a group of scientists to perform an independent study of UFOs. This "in depth" analysis will commence after July 1, and will concentrate on some of the reports which remain unexplained after investigation through established Air Force procedures.

Special Briefings on UFO Activity

Periodically, the attention given to UFO activity by the public and news media has caused various high level military and civilian requests for special briefings. In October, 1956, a briefing was given by Project Blue Book personnel for Maj. Gen. Millard Lewis, Director of Air Force Intelligence (DCS/Operations). Less than a year later, on September 16, 1957, the Defense Science Board was briefed on the status of UFO activity.

In the period following the launching of Sputnik I, the number of reported UFO sightings rose spectacularly. A special briefing was conducted during January, 1958, for the Senate Committee on Government Operations (Hon. John L. McClellan, chairman). In August of the same year, a briefing was held for the Subcommittee on Atmospheric Phenomena of the House Select Committee on Astronautics and Space Exploration (Hon. John W. McCormack, chairman).

The next request for a special briefing was not recorded by Project Blue Book until July, 1961, when Robert Smart, "Chief counsel" to Congressman Joseph E. Karth, was given a status report on the UFO program.


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

LHG-24

On April 5, 1966, Dr. Harold Brown, Secretary of the Air Force, accompanied by Dr. J. Allen Hynek and Maj. Hector Quintanilla, Jr., UFO project officer, appeared before the House Committee on Armed Services.

Dr. Brown assured the Committee that:

Although the past 18 years of investigating unidentified flying objects have not identified any threat to our national security, or evidence that unidentified objects represent developments or principles beyond present-day scientific knowledge, or any evidence of extra-terrestrial vehicles, the Air Force will continue to investigate such phenomena with an open mind and with the finest technical equipment available. 46/

Later in the testimony, various Committee members raised questions regarding UFOs sighted on radar, or photographed. Dr. Hynek estimated that "only about 1 percent, or less" 47/ of the cases reported to the Air Force have included photographs. When asked what percentage of the reported incidents in the United States have been viewed on radar screens, Maj. Quintanilla indicated "about 1.5 percent", and later noted that "We have no radar cases which are unexplained." 48/

It has been shown that several groups -- Congressional, senior military, and scientific -- have taken an interest in and examined evidence related to UFO sightings. The great majority of UFOs have been identified as known objects or natural conditions. In no instance has the Air Force or any other official group purported to have the answer regarding the existence of life in outer space. Lt. Col. Lawrence J. Tacker, author of Flying Saucers and the U. S. Air Force, emphasizes this:

It is important to state once again that the United States Air Force does not deny the possibility that life could exist on other planets or in other solar systems, or that conditions for life as we know it on earth could not exist somewhere out in space. 49/


- page 21 -

PUBLIC REACTION TO UFO'S

For nearly two decades, people throughout the world have evinced a strong, though cyclical interest in UFOs. The reported presence of aerial phenomena has held psychological significance for some, quasi-scientific importance for others, and a religious connotation for yet others. In general, there are two main groups of persons who study UFO's:

1. 'UFOlogists' -- serious, scientific students of the exciting phenomena now taking place in our heavens ...among such intellectually curious students are numbered today many outstanding aviators, space scientists, engineers, radar experts, college professors, ministers, high-ranking officers of the armed services, and others.

2. 'contactees' or saucerians -- many of these people purport to have made contact with those whom they call the space people -- either by physical means or utilization of mysterious and mystical techniques which are never subject to objective scientific analysis or other kinds of demonstrable proof. 50/

Dr. Carl Jung, the psychologist, points out that despite the mass of observational data which has been accrued, "the physical reality of UFOs remained a problematical matter."

The longer the uncertainty lasted, the greater became the probability that this obviously complicated phenomenon had an extremely important psychic component as well as a possible physical basis. 51/

The psychological significance of the UFO, then, is a factor to be considered. Sagan states that "the interest in unidentified flying objects derives, perhaps, not so much from scientific curiosity as from unfulfilled religious needs." 52/ Whatever the significance of UFOs to various persons, dozens of organizations have been organized throughout the world "to collect UFO reports and publish 'the truth' allegedly suppressed by government sources." 53/ Some of these groups maintain extensive data files,


- page 22 -

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SUMMARY                                                   1
INTRODUCTION                                               4
THE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT                             4
    Description of Various Types of UFO's                  5
    Trends in UFO Activity                                 5
    Historical Sightings of Aerial Phenomena               7
    Identification of Flying Objects (versus UFO's)        7
U. S. GOVERNMENT MONITORING OF UFO ACTIVITY                9
    Air Force Establishes a Special Project               10
    Special Studies of UFO's                              14
    Special Briefings on UFO Activity                     23
PUBLIC REACTION TO UFO's                                  25
FOOTNOTES                                                 27

APPENDICES
A - Air Force Regulation 200-2
B - U. S. Air Force Technical Information
C - Biographical Information
D - Unidentified Flying Objects: Selected
    Bibliography


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

ARS-26

disseminate news on UFO sightings, and send their own investigators to interview citizens who have seen unidentified aerial objects.

A literature has developed on the subject, ranging from the serious to the remotely relevant. Many of the civilian organizations feel that the Air Force effort to document and evaluate sightings is inadequate, and that a full Congressional inquiry on the subject should be held.

Menzel and Boyd state that "most UFO organizations cling to the belief that a conspiracy exists to conceal the existence of extraterrestrial vehicles, but they disagree on its precise composition."

The Air Force steadfastly has stated that it "does not seek to limit discussion on such reports and does not withhold or censor any information pertaining to this unclassified program." Recommendations to expand the Air Force project now are under consideration and a consultant group, as noted above, soon will undertake an intensive, comprehensive study of selected facets of UFO activity.


- page 24 -

IMS-27

FOOTNOTES

1. U. S. Congress. House Committee on Armed Services. Unidentified Flying Objects. Hearing by the Committee on Armed Services. (87th Cong., 2nd sess., April 5, 1966), p. 5991.

2. Ibid., p. 5992.

3. Jacques Vallee, Anatomy of a Phenomenon (Chicago, Henry Regnery Co., 1965), pp. 39-48.

4. Project Blue Book, Special Report No. 14 (Analysis of Reports of Unidentified Aerial Objects), Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio: Air Technical Intelligence Center, May 5, 1955), p. 1.

5. Project BLUE BOOK (February 1, 1966), p. 1.

6. Carl Sagan, "Unidentified Flying Objects," reprint from The Encyclopedia Americana (copyright 1963), p. 1.

7. Donald H. Menzel and Lyle G. Boyd, The World of Flying Saucers (New York: Doubleday & Company, 1963), p. 6.

8. Ibid., pp. 7, 9.
   Sagan, op. cit., p. 1.

9. Sagan, op. cit., p. 3.

10. Vallee, op. cit., p. 5.

11. Lee Loevinger, "Jurimetrics--The Next Step Forward," Minnesota Law Review, 1949, 35:155, p. 478.

12. Project BLUE BOOK, op. cit., pp. 1-3.
    Special Report No. 14, op. cit., p. 10.

13. Project BLUE BOOK, op. cit., p. 2.

14. Lt. Colonel Lawrence J. Tacker, Flying Saucers and the U.S. Air Force (Princeton, N.J.: D. Van Nostrand Company, 1960), p. 154.

15. Vallee, op. cit., p. 81.

16. "The Unidentified Flying Object Program," U.S. Air Force summary outline prepared by Project BLUE BOOK, p. 2.

17. Ibid., p. 2.

18. Ibid., p. 2.


- page 25 -

LRS-28

19. Ibid., p. 2.

20. Department of the Air Force, Office of the Secretary, Dr. Harold Brown letter to Hon. L. Mendel Rivers, Chairman Committee on Armed Services, House of Representatives, U.S. Congress (Washington, D.C.) April 5, 1966, p. 1.

21. Project BLUE BOOK, op. cit., p. 1.

22. Ibid., p. 4.

23. "The Unidentified Flying Object Program," op. cit., pp. 4-6.

24. "The Unidentified Flying Object Program," op. cit., pp. 2-3.

25. Department of the Air Force, Air Force Regulation No. 200-2A (Washington, D.C.: March 30, 1964), p. 1.

26. Department of the Air Force, U.S. Air Force Technical Information (PTC Form 164), October 1962, pp. 1-5.

27. Special Report No. 14, op. cit., p. 4.

28. Ibid., pp. 6, 9.

29. Special Report No. 14, op. cit., p. 10.

30. Ibid., p. 10.

31. Menzel and Boyd, op. cit., p. 4.

32. Vallee, op. cit., p. 103.

33. Special Report No. 14, op. cit., p. 14.

34. Ibid., pp. 76-78.

35. Ibid., pp. 78-91.

36. Special Report No. 14, op. cit., p. ix.

37. Dr. Brien O'Brien and others, "Special Report of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board Ad Hoc Committee to Review Project 'Blue Book,'" March 1966, p. 1.

38. Ibid., p. 2.

39. Ibid., p. 2.

40. Ibid., pp. 2-4.


- page 26 -

41. "UFO Sightings Study Ordered" (headline), The Washington Post, April 22, 1966, p. A4.

42. "The Unidentified Flying Object Program," op. cit., p. 3.

43. Ibid., p. 3.

44. Ibid., p. 3.

45. Ibid., p. 4.

46. U.S. Congress. House Committee on Armed Services, Unidentified Flying Objects, op. cit., p. 5992.

47. Ibid., p. 6072.

48. Ibid., pp. 6072-6073.

49. Tacker, op. cit., p. 47.

50. Hon. Edgar W. Hiestand, The Congressional Record, July 15, 1959 (quoting George Todt), op. cit., p. A6833.

51. C. J. Jung, Flying Saucers, A Modern Myth of Things Seen in the Skies (London: Routledge & Kegan Paul, 1959) p. xiii.

52. Sagan, op. cit., p. 8.

53. Menzel and Boyd, op. cit., p. 275.

54. Ibid., p. 278.

55. Project BLUE BOOK, op. cit., p. 4.

56. Ibid., pp. 2-4.


- page 27 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AIR FORCE REGULATION
NO. 200-2

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
Washington, 20 July 1962

Intelligence Activities

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)

This regulation establishes the UFO Program to investigate and analyze UFO's over the United States. Such investigation and analysis are directly related to Air Force responsibility for the defense of the United States. The UFO Program provides for the prompt reporting and rapid identification needed for successful "identification", which is the second of four phases of air defense—detection, identification, interception, and destruction. All commanders will comply strictly with this regulation.

SECTION A—GENERAL                                                                                                Paragraph
Explanation of Terms..............................................................................1
Objectives..........................................................................................2
Responsibilities...................................................................................3
Guidance...........................................................................................4
Reporting UFO Information....................................................................5

SECTION B—PUBLIC RELATIONS, INFORMATION, CONTACTS, AND RELEASES
Maintaining Public Relations...................................................................6
Releasing Information............................................................................7
Exceptions..........................................................................................8
Release by Non-Air Force Sources............................................................9
Contacts.............................................................................................10

SECTION C—PREPARING AND SUBMITTING REPORTS
General Information..............................................................................11
Methods for Transmitting Reports............................................................12
Where To Submit Reports.......................................................................13
Basic Reporting Data and Format............................................................14
Negative or Inapplicable Data.................................................................15
Comments of Preparing Officer................................................................16
Classification........................................................................................17
Reporting Physical Evidence...................................................................18

SECTION A—GENERAL
1. Explanation of Terms. To insure proper and uniform usage in UFO screenings, investigations, and reportings, an explanation of the objects follows:

a. Familiar or known objects:
(1) Aircraft, balloons, kites, birds, searchlights, astronomical bodies (meteors, planets, stars, comets), pilotless aircraft, missiles, satellites in orbit, and others identified by the observer as normal appearing objects.

(2) Flying objects determined to be aircraft. These generally appear as a result of ADIZ violations and often prompt the UFO reports submitted by the general public. They are readily identifiable as, or known to be, aircraft, but their type, purpose, origin, and destination are unknown. Air Defense Command is responsible for reports of "unknown" aircraft, which should not be reported as UFO's under this regulation.

(3) Aircraft flares, jet exhausts, condensation trails, blinking or steady lights observed at night, lights circling or near airports and airways, and other phenomena or objects known to be emanating from, or to be indications of, aircraft. These should not be reported under this regulation, as they do not fall within the definition of a UFO.

b. Unidentified Flying Objects. Any aerial phenomena, airborne object or objects which are unknown or appear out of the ordinary to the observer because of performance, aerodynamic characteristics, or unusual features.

2. Objectives. Air Force interest in UFO's is three-fold. First, as a possible threat to the security of the United States and its forces; second, as a method of intelligence collection; and third, to determine the nature and origin of the UFO phenomena.

OPI: AFCIN
DISTRIBUTION: S

This regulation supersedes AFR 200-2, 14 September 1959, as amended.


- page 28 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AFR 200-2

ond, to determine the technic... or scientific char-
acteristics of any such UFO's; third, to explain
or identify all UFO sightings as described in
paragraph 1b.

a. Air Defense. The great majority of flying
objects reported have been conventional, famil-
iar things of no great threat to the security of
the United States and its possessions. However,
since the possibility exists that UFO's reported
may be hostile or new foreign air vehicles of
unconventional design, it is imperative to report
sightings rapidly, factually, and as completely
as possible.

b. Technical and Scientific. The Air Force will
continue to collect and analyze reports of UFO's
until all are scientifically or technically ex-
plained or until the full potential of the sight-
ings has been exploited. In performing this task
the following factors are of great importance:

(1) To measure scientific advances, the Air
Force must have the latest experimental and de-
velopmental information on new or unique air
vehicles or weapons.

(2) The possibility exists that foreign
countries may develop air vehicles of revolu-
tionary configuration or propulsion.

(3) There is need for further scientific
knowledge in such fields as geophysics, astron-
omy, and physics of the upper atmosphere which
the study and analysis of UFO's and similar
aerial phenomena may provide.

(4) The reporting of all pertinent factors
will have a direct bearing on scientific analyses
and conclusions of UFO sightings.

c. Reduction of Percentage of UFO "Uniden-
tifieds." Air Force activities must reduce the per-
centage of unidentified to the minimum. Analy-
sis thus far has explained all but a few of the
sightings reported. These unexplained sightings
are carried statistically as unidentified. If more
immediate, detailed, objective data on the un-
knowns had been available, probably these, too,
could have been explained. However, because of
the human factors involved, and the fact that
analyses of UFO sightings depend primarily on
the personal impressions and interpretations of
the observers rather than on accurate scientific
data or facts obtained under controlled condi-
tions, the elimination of all unidentifieds is im-
probable.

3. Responsibilities*

a. Reporting. Base commanders will report all
information and evidence of UFO sightings, in-
cluding information and evidence from other
other services, Government agencies, and

an sources. Invest ... tors are authorized to
make telephone calls from the investigation area
direct to the Foreign Technology Division
(FTD), of the Air Force Systems Command,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio (Clear-
water 3-7111, ext. 69216/69378). The purpose of
the calls is to report high priority findings. (See
section C.)

b. Investigation. The commander of the Air
Force base nearest the location of the reported
UFO sighting will conduct all investigative ac-
tion necessary to submit a complete initial report
of a PFO sighting. The initial investigation will
include every effort to resolve the sighting. An
Air Force letter will advise the base to the
scene of a reported UFO sighting will refer the
sighting immediately to the commander of the
nearest Air Force base for appropriate action.
(See paragraph 5.)

c. Analysis. The Air Force Systems Command
Foreign Technology Division will analyze and
evaluate:

(1) Information and evidence reported
within the United States after the investigation
of the responsible Air Force base nearest the
sighting have exhausted their efforts to identify
the UFO.

(2) Information and evidence collected in
overseas areas.

EXCEPTION: The AFSC (FTD), independ-
ently or in participation with pertinent Air
Force activities, may conduct any additional
investigations necessary to further or conclude
its analyses or findings.

d. Findings. AFSC (FTD) will prepare a final
report on each sighting after collection and anal-
ysis of data, and will forward a copy of the re-
port to HQ USAF (AFCIN).

e. Public Relations and Information Services.
The Office of Information, Office of the Secretary
of the Air Force, will be responsible for re-
leasing information on sightings, and, in coordi-
nation with AFSC (FTD), answering corre-
spondence from the public regarding UFO's. (See
paragraphs 7 and 8.)

f. Congressional Inquiries. The Office of Leg-
islative Liaison will:

(1) In coordination with the AFSC (FTD)
and/or the Office of Information, when neces-
sary, answer all congressional mail regarding
UFO's addressed to the Secretary of the Air
Force and Headquarters USAF.

(2) Forward those inquiries which are sci-
entific and technical to the FTD for informa-
tion and base on which to base a reply. The FTD will re-

2


- page 29 -

Here is the text from the document:

CHANGE                                   APPENDIX A                                   AFR 200-2A
AIR FORCE REGULATION
NO. 200-2A                                                       DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
                                                                  Washington, 30 March 1964

                                    Intelligence Activities
                                UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)

AFR 200-2, 20 July 1962, is changed as follows:

3a. Findings. AFSC (TTD) will prepare a final         12b. Submit reports of sightings over 3 days old
report on each sighting after collection and           by letter; however, keep the use of letter reports
analysis of data. When final report contains in-       to a minimum in reporting initial sightings. The
formation of significant intelligence value, AFSC      delays often involved in processing and trans-
(TTD) will forward a copy of the report to HQ          mitting correspondence through normal channels
USAF (AFNINDE), Wash DC 20330.                         may make follow-up investigations difficult, pro-
                                                       viding only limited usable information. This
3c. Change references to paragraphs "7 and 8"          factor is a necessary consideration. Reporting by
to "6 and 7."                                          electrical means will eliminate delays. Submit a
                                                       follow-up and/or complete report on all sightings
1b. Change "or" to "of."                               initially reported electrically, if so requested by
                                                       AFSC(TTD).
10. Contacts. Private individuals or organiza-
tions desiring Air Force interviews, briefings,        13a(4). Change "AFCIN" to "AFNIN."
etc., or private discussions on UFOs will
be instructed to direct their requests to the           13b. Written Reports. Submit all letter reports
Office of Information, Office of the Secretary of      (basic letters and follow-up complete reports)
the Air Force. Air Force personnel, other than         direct to AFSC (TTD), Wright-Patterson AFB,
designated investigators (see paragraph 3b) and        Ohio, 45433. AFSC (TTD) will distribute the
those of the Office of Information, will not con-       reports to interested intelligence activities in the
tact private individuals on UFO cases, nor will        United States and to the Office of Information,
they discuss their operations and functions with       if necessary.
unauthorized persons, unless so directed, and then
only on a need-to-know basis.                          13b(1). Delete.

11a. Change references to paragraphs "2 and 5"         13b(2). Delete.
to "1 and 4."

11c. Change references to paragraphs "7, 8, 9,         16. Change reference to paragraph "5" to "4."
and b(2)" to "6, 7, 8, and b(2)."                      18. Change "TD-E" to "TDEW."

                                                       By Order of the Secretary of the Air Force

                                                       CURTIS E. LeMAY
OFFICIAL                                               Chief of Staff

R. J. PUGH
Colonel, USAF
Director of Administrative Services

DISTRIBUTION: S

                                                       Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative
                                                       Reference Service     May 1966


- page 30 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AFR 200-2

turn this information to the Office of Legislative Liaison for reply to the inquiry.

(3) Process requests from congressional sources in accordance with AFR 11-7.

4. Guidance. The thoroughness and quality of a report or investigation of UFOs are limited only by the skill and resourcefulness of the person who receives the initial information and/or prepares the report. The usefulness and value of any report or investigation depend on the accuracy and timeliness of its contents. Following are aids for screening, evaluating, and reporting sightings:

a. Careful study of the logic, consistency, and coherence of the observer's report. An interview with the observer by personnel preparing the report is essentially valuable in determining the source's reliability and the validity of the information given. Factors determining particular attention are the observer's age, occupation, and indication, and whether his occupation involves aviation, reporting technique, or technical knowledge. A report stating that a witness is completely familiar with certain aspects of a sighting should indicate his or her specific qualifications.

b. Theodolite measurements of changes or azimuth, and elevation and angular size.

c. Interception, identification, or air search, if appropriate and within the scope of air defense regulations.

d. When feasible, contact with local aircraft control and warning (ACW) units, and with pilots and crews of aircraft aloft at the time and place of sighting. Also, contact with any other persons or organizations that may have factual data on the UFO or can offer corroborating evidence—visual, electronic, or other.

e. Consultation with military or civilian weather forecasters for data on tracks of weather balloons released in the area and any unusual meteorological activity which may have a bearing on the UFO.

f. Consultation with navigators and astronomers in the area to determine whether any astronomical body or phenomenon would account for the sighting.

g. Contact with military and civilian tower operators, air operations units, and airlines to determine whether the sighting could have been an aircraft. Local units of the Federal Aviation Agency (FAA) are often of assistance in this regard.

h. Contact with photographic units or laboratories. Usually, these installations have several cameras available for specialized intelligence or investigative work. Photography is an invaluable tool for use, where possible, in investigating and analyzing UFO sightings. (See paragraph 18)

j. Whenever possible, selecting as a UFO sighting investigator an individual with a scientific or technical background as well as experience as an investigator.

k. Submission of reports on all sightings even though identification may be assumed by the preparing officer under paragraph 16 of this regulation.

5. Reporting UFO Information. Both the Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Headquarters USAF, and the Air Defense Command have a direct and immediate interest in the facts pertaining to UFOs reported within the United States. All Air Force activities will conduct UFO investigations to the extent necessary for their required reporting action (see paragraphs 14, 15, and 16). No activity should carry an investigation beyond this point, unless the preparing officer believes the magnitude (intelligence significance or public relations aspects) of the case warrant full scale investigation. The officer may contact the FTD of AFSC (Clearwater 3-7111, ext 69216/66378) at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, to obtain verbal authority for continued investigation.

SECTION B—PUBLIC RELATIONS, INFORMATION, CONTACTS, AND RELEASES

6. Maintaining Public Relations. The Office of Information is responsible for:

a. In coordination with the AFSC (FTD) when necessary, maintaining contact with the public and the press on all aspects of the UFO program and its related activities.

b. Releasing information on UFO sightings and results of investigations.

c. Periodically releasing information on this subject to the general public.

3


- page 31 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 200-2

d. Processing, answering, and taking action on correspondence received from the general public, pertaining to the public relations, interest, and informational aspects of the subject. (See paragraph 8.) This office will forward correspondence and queries which are purely technical and scientific to AFSC (FTD) for information on which to base a reply.

7. Releasing Information: The Office of Information, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, will release to the public or unofficial persons or organizations all information or releases concerning UFO's, regardless of origin or nature. This includes replies to correspondence (except congressional inquiries) submitted direct to the AFSC (FTD) and other Air Force activities by private individuals and investigations or results of analyses and investigations of sightings.

8. Exceptions. In response to local inquiries regarding any UFO reported in the vicinity of an Air Force base, the commander of the base concerned may release information to the press or the general public only after positive identification of the sighting as a familiar or known object. The commander must exercise care not to reveal any classified aspects of the sighting or names of persons making reports. (See paragraph 17.) If the sighting is unexplainable or difficult to identify, because of insufficient information or inconsistencies, the only statement to be released is the fact that the sighting is under investigation and information regarding it will be available at a later date. After completion of investigation a negative action, the AFSC (FTD) will review the fact that the AFSC (FTD) will review and analyze the results of the investigation. He will then refer any further inquiries to the local Office of Information.

9. Release by Non-Air Force Sources: If newsmen, writers, publishers, or private individuals desire to release unofficial information concerning a UFO sighting, Air Force activities will make every effort to assure that the statements, theories, opinions, and allegations of these individuals or groups are not associated with or represented as official information.

10. Contacts. Private individuals or organizations desiring Air Force interviews, briefings, lectures, or private discussions on UFO's will direct their requests to the Office of Information, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force. Air Force personnel, other than those of the Office of Information, will not contact private individuals on UFO cases, nor will they discuss their operations and functions with unauthorized persons unless so directed, and then only on a "need-to-know" basis.

SECTION C - PREPARING AND SUBMITTING REPORTS

11. General Information:
a. Paragraphs 2 and 5 will serve as aids and guidance to screening, investigations, and reporting Paragraph 14 contains an outline of the reporting format. Activities initially receiving reports of aerial objects and phenomena will screen the information to determine whether the report concerns a valid UFO within the definition of paragraph 1b. Reports not within that definition do not require further action under the provisions of this regulation.

b. To assist activities and personnel responsible for handling, screening, and processing initial, incoming UFO information, a summary follows of the general sources and types of reports:

(1) Generally, initial UFO reports originate from two sources:
(a) Civilian (airline, private, and professional pilots, tower operators, technical personnel, casual observers, and the public in general), by correspondence, telephone or personal interview;
(b) Military units and personnel (pilots, observers, radar operators, aircraft control and warning units, etc.), by telephone, electrical message, or personal interview;

(2) Generally, UFO reports received from civilian sources are of two types:
(a) Those referring strictly to an observed UFO, containing either detailed or meager information;
(b) Those referring only in part to an observed UFO, but primarily requesting information on some aspect of the UFO program.

c. Reports considered to fall primarily in a public relations or informational service category (see paragraphs 7, 8, 9, and b(2) above) are of primary interest to the Office of Information. UFO data sufficient for investigation and/or analysis may be extracted before referral to that office.

12. Methods for Transmitting Reports:
a. Together with any necessary screenings and investigations preparatory to reporting, report all information on UFO's promptly. Electronic transmission with a "Priority" precedence is authorized for reports under 3 days from date of sighting. Electronically transmitted reports over 3 days old should carry a "Routine" precedence.

b. Submit written reports of sightings over 3 days old on AF Form 112, "Intelligence Report."


- page 32 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AFR 200-2

and AF Form 112A, "Supplement to AF Form 112," few paragraphs 14 and 15). However, keep the use of these forms to a minimum in reporting initial sightings. The delays often involved in processing and transmitting AF Form 112 through channels may make following multiple sightings difficult, precluding only limited usable information. This factor is a necessary consideration. Reporting by electrical means will eliminate delays, if requested by the AFSC (FTD).

AF Form 112 will provide a following and complete report of all sightings initially reported electrically.

13. Where To Submit Reports:
a. Electrical Reports. Submit multiple address: (1) Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, Colorado
(2) Nearest Air Division (Defense) (For United States only)
(3) Air Force Systems Command, Foreign Technology Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
(4) Headquarters, USAF (AFCIN), Wash 25 DC
(5) Secretary of the Air Force (SAFOI), Wash 25 DC

b. Written Reports (Basic letters and AF Form 112):
(1) Basic Letters. Submit all letter reports direct to the AFSC (FTD). The AFSC (FTD) will distribute the reports to interested Intelligence activities in the United States and to the Office of Information, if necessary.

(2) AF Form 112. Submit original report, as prescribed in "Intelligence Collection Instruction," (IC1), June 1954, direct to HQ USAF (AFCIN), Wash 25 DC, and a copy to AFSC (FTD).

c. Reports from Civilians: Where possible, advise civilian sources containing pertinent UFO's to submit the report, for processing and transmission, to the nearest Air Force base.

14. Basic Reporting Data and Format. Show the abbreviation "UFO" at the beginning of the text of all electrical reports and in the subject of written reports. Include the required data in all reports, in the order shown below:

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape.
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: Head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at arm's length.
(3) Color.
(4) Number.
(5) Formation, if more than one.
(6) Any discernible features or details.
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s).
(8) Sound; if heard, describe sound.
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features.

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed.
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the North, etc.)
(6) How long (were) the object(s) visible?
(Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.)

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic, (if electronic, specify type of radar.)
(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof.
(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting.
(2) Light conditions. (Use one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk.)

e. Location of Observer(s). Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position. In electrical reports, give a position with reference to a known landmark also, such as "2mi N of Deeville," "3mi SW of Blue Lake." Typographical errors or "garbling" often occur in electrically transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

5


- page 33 -

SUMMARY

For almost two decades, there has been high public interest in the reported sightings of many kinds of mysterious objects in the sky. These aerial phenomena have been called "flying saucers" or "Unidentified Flying Objects" (UFO's) both in the public press and in official documentation.

A series of sightings early in 1966 caused renewed interest in the subject, and the Secretary of the Air Force was requested 1/ to provide information concerning Air Force activities in the area of reported UFO's to the Armed Services Committee of the U. S. House of Representatives. The essential elements of his report are included in this study, together with an historical perspective and details regarding the development of reporting and evaluation procedures for handling UFO sighting information.

Public awareness of unusual flying objects commenced in 1947, now considered to be the beginning of the "modern era" of sightings, and has continued with periodic "waves" of activity to the present. Of the 10,147 cases investigated 2/ by the U. S. Air Force project established to analyze such reports, 9,501 objects have been identified officially as bright stars and planets, comets and meteors, satellites, balloons, aircraft, and other known causes. This study is concerned with those sightings in which the flying object remained unidentified; i.e., in which the information available to the investigators is not adequate for analysis, or for which the existing information suggests a hypothesis but the object or phenomenon explaining it


- page 34 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 200-2

Example: 89 46N, 192 71W for 39 45N, 102 21W

1. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
   (1) Civilian—Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.
   (2) Military—Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.

k. Weather and Winds—Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sighting*:
   (1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions.
   (2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 16,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', 80,000', if available.
   (3) Ceiling.
   (4) Visibility.
   (5) Amount of cloud cover.
   (6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located.
   (7) Vertical temperature gradient.

   h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.
      i. Interception or identification action taken (such action is authorized whenever feasible, and in compliance with existing air defense directives).
      j. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting.

k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s). (See paragraph 16.)
   1. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.

15. Negative or Inapplicable Data. Even though the source does not provide, or an interviewer has not asked for specific information, do not use the words "negative" or "unidentified" before exhausting all logical leads to obtain the information outlined under paragraph 14. For example, information on weather conditions in the area, as required in paragraph 14g, is obtainable from the local military or civilian weather facility. Use the phrase "not applicable (N/A)" only when the question does not apply to the particular sighting under investigation.

16. Comments of Preparing Officer. The preparing officer will make a preliminary analysis and a comment on the possible cause or identity of the object. In preparing, together with a statement supporting his comment and analysis, he will make every effort to obtain pertinent items of information and to test all possible leads, clues, and hypotheses concerning the identity or explanation of the sighting. (See paragraph 5.) The preparing officer who receives the report initially is in a more better position to conduct an "on-the-spot" survey or follow-up than subsequent investigative personnel and analysts, who may be far removed from the area, and who may arrive too late to obtain vital data or the missing information necessary for final conclusions.

17. Classification. Do not classify reports unless data require it (paragraph 14 require classification). Classify reports primarily to protect:
   a. Names of sources reporting UFO's and other principal involved, if so requested by these persons or considered necessary.
   b. Intelligence, investigative, intercept, or analytical methods or procedures;
   c. Location of radar and other classified sites, units, and equipment;
   d. Information on certain types, characteristics, and capabilities of classified aircraft, missiles, or devices that may be involved in the sighting.

18. Reporting Physical Evidence. Report promptly the existence of physical evidence. Photographic or material. Mark all physical evidence forwarded to the ASFC (FTD) for the attention of TD-E, Aerial Phenomena Branch.
   a. Photographic
      (1) Still Photographs. Forward the negative and two prints. Title the prints and the negatives, or indicate the place, time, and date of the incident.
      (2) Motion Pictures. Obtain the original film. Examine the film strip for apparent cuts, alterations, obliterations, or defects. In the report comment on any irregularities, particularly those received from other than official sources.
      (3) Supplemental Photographic Information. Negatives and prints often are insufficient to provide certain valid data or to permit firm conclusions. (See AFM 206-9—a classified document receiving limited distribution.) Information that will aid in plotting or in estimating distances, apparent size and nature of object, probable velocity, and movements includes:

6


- page 35 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 200-2

(a) Type and make of camera,
(b) Type, focal length, and make of lens,
(c) Brand and type of film,
(d) Shutter speed used,
(e) Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop,
(f) Filters used,
(g) Was tripod or solid stand used,
(h) Was "panning" used,
(i) Exact direction camera was pointing
with relation to true north, and its angle with
respect to the ground.

(4) Other Camera Data. If supplemental
information is unavailable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, and
the smallest and largest "f" stop and shutter-
speed readings of the camera.

(5) Radar. Forward two copies of each stillcamera photographic print. Title radarscope
photographic prints in accordance with AFR

95-7. Classify radarscope photographs in accordance with Section XII, AFR 205-1, 10 June 1960.

NOTE: If possible, develop photographic film
before forwarding. Mark any undeveloped film
conspicuously to indicate this fact, to avoid destruction by exposure during examinations en
route through mail channels to final addresses.

b. Material. Each Air Force echelon receiving
suspected or actual UFO material will safeguard
it in a manner to prevent any defacing or alteration which might reduce its value for intelligence examination and analysis.

c. Photographs, Motion Pictures, and Negatives Submitted by Individuals. Individuals often submit photographic and motion picture material as part of their UFO reports. All original material submitted will be returned to the individual after completion of necessary studies,
analyses, and duplication by the Air Force.

By Order of the Secretary of the Air Force:

OFFICIAL:

CURTIS E. LeMAY
Chief of Staff

R. J. PUGH
Colonel, USAF
Director of Administrative Services

7


- page 36 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

2. Time of day:
[Blank fields for Hour, Minutes]
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): 
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One):
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Blank fields for Nearest Postal Address, City or Town, State or County]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
[Blank fields for Hours, Minutes, Seconds]

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
[Blank field]

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ___ No ___

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): 
a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you     e. Overhead
c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM                 Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative Reference Service
FTD OCT 62 164       May 1966
This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 37 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Blank line for response]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other [Blank space for additional description]

13. Did the object: [Circle One for each question]
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know for each item]


- page 38 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
    Last Name                First Name            Middle Name

ADDRESS
    Street                   City                  Zone    State

TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE             SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    Day             Month           Year

Page 6


- page 39 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place on "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 40 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. inside a building
b. in a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ____________
e. At sea
f. Other ____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                g. West
b. Northeast            d. Southeast            f. Southwest            h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes   No            e. Binoculars           Yes   No
b. Sun glasses          Yes   No            f. Telescope            Yes   No
c. Windshield           Yes   No            g. Theodolite           Yes   No
d. Window glass         Yes   No            h. Other ____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 41 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Page 3 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 42 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    Day ____   Month ____   Year ____

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The page is Page 7 and contains two blank form fields for completing a UFO sighting questionnaire.


- page 43 -

APPENDIX C -- BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION

Dr. Joseph Allen HN3K, Ph.D in astrophysics from the University of Chicago. Director of Dearborn Observatory and Chairman of the Department of Astronomy, Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois. Consultant to the Air Force since 1948 on the problem of Unidentified Flying Object phenomena.

Dr. Donald Howard MENZEL, Ph.D. in astrophysics from Princeton University. Director of the Harvard Observatory and Professor of Astronomy, and Paine Professor of Practical Astronomy. Consultant to the Air Force on UFO cases involving Sun Dogs and Parhelia.

Dr. Charles Pollard OLIVIER, Ph.D. in astronomy from Vanderbilt University. Formerly Director of Flower Observatory and Professor, University of Pennsylvania. President, American Meteor Society.

Edward J. RUPPELT (Deceased) Formerly head of Project Blue Book, Aerial Phenomena Branch, Foreign Technology Division, Air Force Systems Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio. Research engineer for Northrop Aircraft Company.

Dr. Carl SAGAN, Ph.D. in astronomy and astrophysics from the University of Chicago. Department of Astronomy, Harvard University, and Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, Cambridge, Massachusetts. Member of the panel on extraterrestrial life, U.S. Air Force and National Research Council.

Lawrence J. TACKER. Formerly Lt. Col. USAF. Chief of Magazine and Book Branch, Office of Information, Office of Secretary of the Air Force.

Jacques VALLEE. Born and educated in France. University degree in mathematics and astronomy. Consultant on NASA "Mars Map" project.

* Biographical data from American Men of Science, edited by Jacques Cattell. Tempe, Arizona: Jacques Cattell Press, 10th edition, 1960. pp. 1939, 2742, 3030, 3516.


- page 44 -

SUMMARY

For almost two decades, there has been high public interest in the reported sightings of many kinds of mysterious objects in the sky. These aerial phenomena have been called "Flying Saucers" or "Unidentified Flying Objects" (UFOs) both in the public press and in official documentation.

A series of sightings early in 1966 caused renewed interest in the subject, and the Secretary of the Air Force was requested 1/ to provide information concerning Air Force activities in the area of reported UFO's to the Armed Services Committee of the U. S. House of Representatives. The essential elements of his report are included in this study, together with an historical perspective and details regarding the development of reporting and evaluation procedures for handling UFO sighting information.

Public awareness of unusual flying objects commenced in 1947, now considered to be the beginning of the "modern era" of sightings, and has continued with periodic "waves" of activity to the present.

Of the 10,147 cases investigated 2/ by the U. S. Air Force project established to analyze such reports, 9,501 objects have been identified officially as bright stars and planets, comets and meteors, satellites, balloons, aircraft, and other known causes. This study is concerned with those sightings in which the flying object remained unidentified; i.e., in which the information available to the investigators is not adequate for analysis, or for which the existing information suggests a hypothesis but the object or phenomenon explaining it


- page 45 -

APPENDIX D
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS: SELECTED BIBLIOGRAPHY

Davidson Leon. Flying saucers; an analysis of the Air Force project blue book special report no. 14. With an appendix consisting of a photo-offset copy of the full text of the Air Force project blue book special report no. 14, dated May 5, 1955 and some of the important tables and figures from that report. White Plains, N. Y., 1956. 83 p.

Hall, Richard H., ed. The UFO evidence (unidentified flying objects). Washington, D. C. National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP). May 1964. 184 p.

Jung, Carl Gustav. Flying saucers. a modern myth of things seen in the skies. New York, Harcourt, Brace, and Co., 1959. 186 p.

Keyhoe, Donald Edward. Flying saucers: top secret. New York, Putnam, 1960. 283 p.

———. The flying saucer conspiracy. New York, Holt, 1955. 315 p.

Menzel, Donald. Flying saucers. Cambridge, Harvard University Press, 1953. 319 p.

Menzel, Donald and Lyle G. Boyd. The world of flying saucers; a scientific examination of a major myth of the space age. Garden City, N. Y., Doubleday & Co., 1963. 302 p.

Michel, Aime. The Truth about Flying Saucers. Translated from the French by Paul Salver. New York, Criterion Books, 1956. 255 p.

———. Flying saucers and the straight-line mystery. New York, Criterion Books, 1958. 284 p.

Miller, Max B. Flying saucers, fact or fiction? Twelve-year research of U.F.O.'s in our skies revealed by the top scientists, astronomers, Airforce personnel and technical observers. Los Angeles, Trend Books, 1957. 128 p.

Project Blue Book. Special report no. 14 (analysis of reports of unidentified aerial objects). Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, Air Technical Intelligence Center, May 5, 1955. 316 p.

Ruppelt, E. J. The report on unidentified flying objects. New York Doubleday & Co., Inc., 1956. 215 p.

Sagan, Carl. Unidentified flying objects. Reprint from the encyclopedia Americana, copyright 1963. 9 p.

Tacker, Lawrence J. Flying saucers and the U. S. Air Force. Princeton, N. J., Van Nostrand, 1960. 164 p.


- page 46 -

U. S. Congress. House. Committee on Armed Services. Unidentified Fly-
ing objects. Hearing by the Committee on Armed Services. 89th Cong.,
2nd sess., April 5, 1966. pp. 5991-6075.

U. S. Department of Defense. Office of Public Information. Air Force's
10-year study of unidentified flying objects. Washington, D. C., 1957.
4 p. (Fact sheet no. 1083-57).

U. S. Department of the Air Force. Office of Public Information. U. S.
Air Force summary of events and information concerning the uniden-
tified flying object program. Washington, D. C., 1954. Unpaged.

Vallee, Jacques. Anatomy of a Phenomenon. Chicago, Illinois, Henry
Regnery Co., 1965. 210 p.


- page 47 -

U. S. Congress. House. Committee on Armed Services. Unidentified Flying Objects. Hearing by the Committee on Armed Services. 89th Cong., 2nd sess., April 5, 1966. pp. 5991-6075.

U. S. Department of Defense. Office of Public Information. Air Force's 10-year study of unidentified flying objects. Washington, D. C., 1957. 4 p. (Fact sheet no. 1083-57).

U. S. Department of the Air Force. Office of Public Information. U. S. Air Force summary of events and information concerning the unidentified flying object program. Washington, D. C., 1954. Unpage.

Vallee, Jacques. Anatomy of a Phenomenon. Chicago, Illinois, Henry Regnery Co., 1965. 210 p.


- page 48 -

Here is the text from the document:

LRS-2

cannot be proven to have been present or taken place at the recorded time of the sighting.

Late in 1947, the Department of the Air Force was designated as the official mechanism of the United States Government for investigating and evaluating reports on unexplained flying objects and of determining any latent threat to the national security. The organization then established, known for many years as Project Blue Book, is charged with monitoring, investigating, documenting and evaluating alleged UFO sightings within the continental United States.

In addition to Air Force in-house efforts to document and analyze the broad spectrum of sightings, special non-government consultant panels periodically have been formed to review investigatory procedures and findings of the best documented UFO cases. Also, an industrial consultant firm was directed to conduct an exhaustive examination of the procedures adopted for reducing sighting data to a form useable in later statistical manipulation and graphic depiction.

The published findings of the study efforts, both by the Air Force and independent consultants, contain five major points:

1. UFO's do not pose a threat to the nation;

2. UFO's do not represent developments or principles beyond present-day scientific knowledge;

3. There is no evidence of extraterrestrial vehicles under the control of an intelligent being;

4. There is no evidence of physical matter left behind by a reported UFO;

5. Some small fraction of total sightings remain "unidentified."


- page 49 -

LRS-3

Today, numerous unofficial organizations exist which collect information and publish news on UFO sightings. Many of these groups allege that the Air Force is not revealing all of the truth about unidentified flying objects. No evidence of such concealment has been developed. However, to strengthen its investigatory capability, the Air Force has announced that a new "blue ribbon" panel of scientists has been appointed to conduct an independent, comprehensive study of data pertaining to sightings that so far have been denoted as "Unidentified."


- page 50 -

INTRODUCTION

Shortly after the end of the Second World War, the inhabitants of various countries reported observing unusual aerial phenomena. The news media publicized many of these sightings -- including opinions as to their possible extraterrestrial origin -- and a high degree of public interest developed. Although numerous reports of unexplained flying objects were reported throughout Europe in 1946, attention in the United States was focused on the subject as the result of businessman Kenneth Arnold, flying his private plane on June 24, 1947, reporting that he had seen "a chainlike formation of disc-shaped objects" near Mount Rainier, Washington. Due to the wide circulation of this story, and the use of the descriptive phrase "flying saucers", nationwide interest quickly developed and was sustained by numerous other alleged sightings of unidentified flying objects.

"Unidentified flying objects," the terms used in all official and most popular references to the subject today, are defined by the United States Air Force as "any aerial object which the observer is unable to identify." Dr. Carl Sagan of the Department of Astronomy, Harvard University, prefers to consider "UFO" as a "generic term for atmospheric phenomena, detected visually or by radar, of a nature not immediately understood."

THE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

It is not possible to state that there is a "typical" UFO but, as discussed later, such aerial phenomena may be separated into several categories. The numerous reports on sightings, which number more than


- page 51 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

10,000 in the United States alone for the period 1947 through 1965, have been described by Dr. Donald H. Menzel, Director of the Harvard University Observatory, as "a heterogeneous collection of facts, fiction, and guesses." The Air Force indicates that reports of unfamiliar objects in the sky have been made by a wide range of observers: military and civilian pilots, amateur astronomers, housewives, etc.

Description of Various Types of UFOs

Descriptions of UFOs often are inadequate for subsequent explanation due to the conditions under which the sighting was made, the qualifications of the observer, or the difficulty of translating the elements of the sighting into meaningful terms. Basic descriptive data usually are expressed in these categories (with examples):

Shape (cigar, propeller, aircraft, disc)
Size (varies widely)
Color (red, green, white, etc)
Motion (hovering, supersonic, vertical, zigzag)
Means of propulsion (unknown -- flaming exhaust or none; various noises or silent)
Incidence (day or night, seldom over water or touching the earth)
Structure (unknown: apparently solid to "invisible")
Purpose (unknown) 2/

Trends in UFO Activity

Experience derived from nearly twenty years (post-1947) of UFO sighting activity indicates that activity may be reported in "waves" of observations, sometimes in a localized area. The activity in Europe in 1946, in the United States in 1952, and the high number of sightings in 1957 after the launching of Sputnik reflect such patterns (see Figure 1).

In the aftermath of the Sputnik I launching in October of 1957, official


- page 52 -

