Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
Mar 68 0734

2. LOCATION
Urbana, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
Yes
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

FTD (TDETR)-TL
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
8 November 1966

Urbana, Ohio 43078
Dear [Redacted]

Reference your recent letter of 29 October 1966 regarding an observation which you made in early March of this year. I am attaching an FTD Form 164 with self-addressed envelope so that you may better describe what you saw. After receiving your additional information we will attempt to make an evaluation on what you and your wife observed. I would like to point out that since there has been such a lapse of time it may take us longer than usual to reach a conclusion. However, upon completion of analysis you will be notified. If we cannot explain what you observed, we will tell you so.

Thank you for reporting your unidentified observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

1 Atch
FTD Form 164


- page 2 -

Oct.28,1966

To whom it may concern,
This may not be of any value to you.But I was reading a Science &
Mechanics magazine tonight,I'm the Dec.issue,and it has a write up on --
UFO.Now,I'll tell you I read everything I can on this subject.So you don't
have to believe this if you don't want too.But one of the sightings in the
magazine hit home.

It pertains to an early March sighting of this year.I can't tell -
you the exact day,But I can tell you the time:it was 2:34 in the morning.-
My wife seen it first.She told me to get up and look at it,but I did
it't pay too much attention to it.I though it was Jupiter.I went back to --
bed,but I could see the light on the bedroom wall.And it was awful bright.
The next morning my wife was still talking about it.So I told her
I would show it to her that night.I started to wonder then myself.It was a
lot brighter and bigger than it should had been.But I was sleepy and it -
night had just seen that way.

At 1:00 the next morning I was getting ready for bed,after watching
a late movie.So I went out side to see Vera Jupiter was.I couldn't find it
Both nights were clearest.I don't remember seeing the moon.The object was located south southeast,and about 25 degrees off the horizon.It -
was a bluish white.I was about three times the size of Jupiter.

We have talked about this to ourselves.Maybe it was Jupiter.But I -
don't see how it could be their one night and not the next.But I sure wish
I had some up and watched it a little longer that night.If you could tell me if I was wrong,or give me an explanation.I --
would appreciate it.If this is of any value.I would like our names kept out
of print.

I hope you can read this.I'm not the best typist in the world.And I
hope this doesn't waste too much of your time.

[Redacted Address]
Urbana,Ohio 43078

[Postmark stamp]
Project Bluebook
Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton,Ohio


- page 3 -

Insufficient Data
for Evaluator

March 66
Urbana, Ohio

Proposed reply to letter from [redacted]

Dear [redacted]

Reference your unidentified observation in March 1966 of an unusual bright glowing ball that was observed by both you and your wife. We have studied the information submitted and are unable to locate the exact stimuli. Without the exact data and more precise information on how the object disappeared we are unable to make a complete investigation.

It is possible that you observed an astronomical body. However, the only such body in the immediate part of the sky where you observed the object in March, was the star Antares.

This is reddish in color and should not have appeared bright blue-white. As such, the information you submitted is categorized as insufficient data for evaluation and filed accordingly.

[Signature/date at bottom: "Lo Secure 19 Jan 67"]


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
? March 1966
Day Month Year

2. Time of day: 0200 34
Hour Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address redacted] Urbana Ohio
City or Town State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
15
Hours Minutes Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimated
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright a. Bright
b. Cloudy b. Cloudy
c. Clear c. Clear

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you d. To your left
b. In back of you e. Overhead
c. To your right f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                 a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                 c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                        d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):                    WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                             a. Dry
    b. Hazy                                  b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds                      c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds                 d. Snow
                                             e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                                 a. As a light
    b. Transparent                           b. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                              c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                                d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects:
    Like a gas light. Bright blue.

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One)                             Other:
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                          (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?    Yes    No    Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes    No    Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?        Yes    No    Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                        Yes    No    Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                     Yes    No    Don't know
    f. Change shape?                          Yes    No    Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                      Yes    No    Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                Yes    No    Don't know


- page 6 -

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: My wife said she heard a site hum
b. Color: Bright-blue white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The object is about at 6½°
The match head covered 90° of the button.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple hand-drawn circle is shown on the page]


- page 7 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield    Yes   No
d. Window glass  Yes   No

e. Binoculars    Yes   No
f. Telescope     Yes   No
g. Theodolite    Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

A bright glowing ball


- page 8 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
My wife.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [street redacted] Urbana Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 32 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
I work at Geimos Mfg Co. I am a supervisor, and we build wing tip lights. I have seen our flying laboratory many times. So, I think I could tell if it was an airplane.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
28 Oct 1966
Wright-Patterson AFB


- page 10 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     11     Nov     1966
                                                    Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

In the first place my wife seen it first. She was waken up by the humming sound. She then got me up.

I was sleepy, but I could remember it awful bright. I figure it was the morning star.

The next morning I realize it was. Too far south. Or at least I think it was. I have seen Jupiter in the winter mornings and it was high in the western skies.

And I didn't see it the next night.

I'm sorry this is all the information I can give you. By the time I had a small Tele-scope.

I have been watching the skies at times. But I haven't seen anything as yet. I will be sure to report anything I see as soon as possible.

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 11 -

