PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
1 April 66 02/0520Z

2. LOCATION
LaGrange, Georgia (3 Witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (STARS/PLANETS) Prob

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Three

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
50 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Erratic

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

Probably the stars CAPELLA and BETELGEUSE and the planet JUPITER.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers sighted three objects in the northwestern sky. The objects changed colors from gold to white to red and back to white. The motion was erratic moving up and down, back and forth but generally remaining in the same area.

[There is also some handwritten text at the bottom of the form, but it is partially illegible.]


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

(2) ANGLE OR ELEVATION AND AZIMUTH OF OBJECT(S) WHEN FIRST OBSERVED: His observation of the three objects took place from the third floor of his dormitory through an open window, no screen. Objects were at about 290 degrees azimuth and about 60 degrees above the horizon.

(3) ANGLE OR ELEVATION AND AZIMUTH OF OBJECT(S) UPON DISAPPEARANCE: Two smaller objects disappeared (like lights going out) while objects were in the northwest sky at about 290 degrees azimuth. The larger object moved slowly northwest and sight of it was lost when trees blocked further viewing at about 200 degrees azimuth and about 50 degrees above the horizon.

(4) DESCRIPTION OF FLIGHT PATH AND MANEUVERS OF OBJECT(S): Large object was first seen -- the two smaller ones were seen later. The large object would star in place 3-5 minutes, and then sink slowly, so to side and up, back sideways in the opposite direction, then sink again. The smaller ones appeared to accompany the larger object. He had been watching the larger object about fifteen minutes before he observed the two smaller ones.

(5) HOW DID THE OBJECT(S) DISAPPEAR? (Instantaneously to the North, etc.): Small objects just disappeared like light going off. The larger object moved slowly to the northeast and disappeared behind the trees which blocked further viewing.

(6) HOW LONG (WERE) THE OBJECT(S) VISIBLE? (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.): Two smaller objects -- about fifteen minutes total between approximately 0200-0255 hours. Large object -- viewed a total of about 50 minutes between approximately 0020-0110 hours.

c. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-Visual, Air-Visual, Ground-Electronic, Air-Electronic. (if electronic, specify type of radar.)


- page 2 -

Ground-Visual (viewed from third floor window of Building (Broad Street Dormitory) at LaGrange College, LaGrange, Georgia, which is approximately 30' high.

(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof. Viewed objects with his 5X40 binoculars. Increased the size of objects slightly, but he was unable to tell anymore about the objects - like increasing the size of a light.

(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station:

TYPE OF AIRCRAFT: N/A         IDENTIFICATION NR: N/A
ALTITUDE: N/A                 HEADING: N/A           SPEED: N/A
HOME STATION: N/A

d. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING:
(1) LOCAL TIME: 2000 hours, Eastern Standard Time   DATE: 1 April 1966
BLUE BOOK DATE FROM OF SIGHTING: 052021, 1 April 1966

(2) LIGHT CONDITIONS (Use one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk) Night - half moon, fairly light outside - good visibility, very little, if any, clouds.

e. LOCATION OF OBSERVER(S): Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position. In electrical reports, five a position with reference to a known landmark also, such as "2nd N. Deaville"; "1.5 mi. of Blue Lake," Topographical errors or "garbling" often occur in electrically transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

LATITUDE: 33° 02 mins         LONGITUDE: 85° 02 mins         GEOGRAPHICAL POSITION: LaGrange College, downtown LaGrange, Ga. NW Corner at intersection of Orange Street and Broad Street.

f. WEATHER AND WINDS - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions: Clear spring night.

g. OBSERVER'S PHYSICAL CONDITION: Excellent - had not been drinking and/or under


- page 3 -

any type of medication - had slept until 0800 hours, 31 March 1966. Normally stays up until around midnite, studying, etc.

h. REMARKS:

Mr. advised that the only people he could identify who observed the three objects were himself, , and . Other boys entered the room to look and observed what they believed to be a UFO but on checking outside they discovered that it was the top of a T. V. antenna, advised that he first reported his sighting to the State Patrol who instructed him to contact the Air Force. He then telephoned Robins AFB, Georgia. He telephoned Robins AFB, Georgia before the other boys discovered that what they were looking at was a T. V. antenna. and the other boys who viewed the UFO's are members of the "Gamma Phi Alpha Fraternity". looked again last night but did not again locate the three objects in the sky. maintained that he did not believe the objects were blinking stars, aircraft, or lights, etc., but that due to their apparent great distance he was unable to offer an intelligent guess as to what they were. did not report these UFO's to anyone else and there are no plans to print anything in the newspaper about the UFO's he viewed. is majoring in English and has not had technical/scientific training.


- page 4 -

UFO'S - INTERVIEW OF OBSERVER(S)
2 April 1966

MAILING ADDRESS: LaGrange College, LaGrange, Georgia
OCCUPATION: Student and Works part time as Radio Announcer

ESTIMATE OF RELIABILITY: Good

a. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S):
(1) SHAPE: Round

(2) SIZE - compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: hand of plg, tea, time, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length: Three objects

Viewed: Large object size of tin basin could not see two smaller objects with naked eye; however, through 7x50 binoculars two smaller objects about size of dime noted.

(3) COLOR(S): Reddish colors from orange/red to red and white and black, etc.

(4) NUMBER: Three (one larger object and two small objects)

(5) FORMATION: Loose group

(6) ADDITIONAL FEATURES OR DETAIL: All three objects appeared as round bright, in addition features/details were observed.

(7) TAIL, TRAIL, OR EXTENT, INCLUDE IN SIZE OF SAME COMPARED TO SIZE OF OBJECT: None observed

(8) SOUND: To start, describe sound: No sound

(9) OTHER PERTINENT OR UNUSUAL FEATURES: None

b. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECTS:
(1) WHAT FIRST CALLED THE ATTENTION OF OBSERVER(S) TO THE OBJECT(S)?
Miller English and Bill Benton called his attention to object(s).

Blk 2


- page 5 -

(2) ANGLE OF ELEVATION AND AZIMUTH OF OBJECT(S) WHEN FIRST OBSERVED:
His observation of the three objects all took place from the third floor of his dormitory through an open window, no screen. Objects were at about 290 degrees azimuth and about 60 degrees above the horizon.

(3) ANGLE OF ELEVATION AND AZIMUTH OF OBJECT(S) UPON DISAPPEARANCE:
Unknown - He did not witness the objects disappear.

(4) DESCRIPTION OF FLIGHT PATH AND MANEUVERS OF OBJECT(S): Larger object zigzagged to right, then left, up and down. There was no obvious pattern followed by three objects. Objects appeared to move and/or float at medium speed and at arms length moved about two inches to right and to left and about same distance up and down. Two smaller objects appeared to loosely follow the larger object, but did not have the identical pattern of the larger object.

The two small objects split apart and then returned towards one another. At arms length the two small objects stayed between 1 and 3/4 inches from the larger object.

(5) HOW DID THE OBJECT(S) DISAPPEAR (instantaneously to the North, etc.):
Unknown

(6) HOW LONG (TIME) THE OBJECT(S) VISIBLE? (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.): Observer viewed object(s) a total of about ten minutes in five minute durations. The first five minutes (0015-0030 hours) he viewed larger object with the naked eye. Second five minutes (0030-0035 hours) he viewed three objects through 5x40 binoculars.

. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(1) In one or more combination of the following items: Binoculars-7x50, Alt-Azimuth, Geoceive-Electronic, Alt-Electronic (IT or Electronic, amplifying) Zenith-Visual (Visual aid) Aerial, from which a map was made.

210, North Street, Dartmouth.

(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof. 5X40 Binoculars. Observer unable to distinguish additional more through use of binoculars; however, with the binoculars he was able to see the two smaller objects which he had been unable to see with the naked eye.

Objects appeared to be round lights.

(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station:

TYPE OF AIRCRAFT: N/A     IDENTIFICATION NBR: N/A
ALTITUDE: N/A             HEADING: N/A         SPEED: N/A
HOME STATION: N/A

d. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING:

(1) LOCAL TIME: 2145, Eastern Standard Time         DATE: 1 Apr 1966

(2) LIGHT CONDITIONS (Check one): Clear, hazy, bright sunlight, overcast, twilight, dark, etc.
Clear, dark night.

e. LOCATION OF OBSERVER(S): Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographic position. In electrical reports, give a position with reference to a point. In case of Blue Lake. Information errors or "parallax" often occur in electrically transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

LATITUDE: 33° 08' N      LONGITUDE: 85° 02' W      GEOGRAPHICAL POSITION:
LaGrange College, downtown LaGrange, Georgia, NW Corner at intersection of
Broad Street and Green Street.

f. WEATHER AND WINDS -- Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sighting:

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions: Clear dark night

g. OBSERVER'S PHYSICAL CONDITION: Poor - stated he was tired at time of


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Mr. [redacted] advised that as far as he knew, the only persons who observed the three described objects were himself, [redacted], and [redacted].

Later, several other students (identities unknown) entered the room and believed that they observed a UFO, but later walked up the street and found that what they were observing was the top of a T. V. antenna on Country Club Road, [redacted] claimed this sighting took place after the other three objects had disappeared. [redacted] believed that [redacted] may have been one of the students which walked up the street and found the T. V. antenna.

[redacted] revealed that he was being a UFO fan since childhood and has collected newspaper clippings, reading articles, etc., concerning "UFOs". In his position as a radio and other technician, he has been keeping AFB in area "UFO" which have recently been in the news. A local newspaper has declared their town as "UFO land".

[redacted] being excited and revealed that during the past two weeks something called his attention on two or three occasions - allegedly UFO's which [redacted] determined were moving aircraft. [redacted] that he attempted to discourage [redacted] from reporting this incident to the USAF because he wasn't certain that they were observing due to the great distance of the object(s). [redacted] majoring in speech and has not had technical/scientific training. [redacted] did not report this sighting to anyone and has no plans to report anything concerning these "UFOs" over the


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

NTB 14, Station LaGrange, Georgia, where he is employed as a radio technician. S--- did not believe that the objects he observed were blinking stars, aircraft, or lights, etc., and advised that due to the apparent close distance of the objects he was unable to offer an intelligent guess as to what they were. He was more concerned at the time in studying.


- page 9 -

The image appears to be a map of a city or town, showing a grid of streets. Some of the street names that are clearly visible include:

Top of map:
- Vernon Road
- US Highway 29 South
- Coast
- Clark
- Jackson

Middle of map:
- Line St
- Dallis
- Fourth Ave
- Brownwood Ave

Other visible street names include:
- Pine
- College
- Wilkes
- Peachtree
- Miller
- Webster

The map shows a detailed layout of street intersections, with a black and white schematic design typical of city planning or navigation maps from the mid-20th century.

At the bottom of the page, there is a partially legible list of text, but most of it is too blurry to read clearly.


- page 10 -

This appears to be a map with various roads, intersections, and geographical features. Some legible text includes:

NORTH
CHILTON CRESCENT
ROOSEVELT
SUNSET
MOON
LANE
RIVER
ROAD

At the bottom left, there is a publishing credit that reads:
PUBLISHING CO., INC.
TAMPA, FLA.

In the bottom right corner, there is a handwritten "Sheet 3" notation.

The map seems to be a detailed local area map with curved roads, intersections, and what appears to be a river or waterway on the right side of the image.


- page 11 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 2834d AIR BASE GROUP (AFLC)
ROBINS AIR FORCE BASE, GEORGIA 31093

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: LM33
SUBJECT: UFO's

11 APR 1968

TO: AFSC (FTD)
Wright-Patterson AFB Ohio 45433

Attached is a report of investigation concerning the reported sighting
of three UFO's by three college students at LaGrange College, LaGrange,
Georgia, during the early morning hours of 1 April 1966.

FOR THE COMMANDER

C. L. PARKERSON
Acting Chief
Security and Law Enforcement Division


- page 12 -

This image appears to be a hand-drawn map of an area, likely in LaGrange, Georgia. The map includes various street names and landmarks such as:

- Country Club
- Piney Woods
- Chilton Crescent
- Poor Farm Road
- Spring Street
- Sunset Street
- Turner Street
- Cox Street
- Smith Street
- Broad Street
- Monica Lane
- Arthur Street

The map shows a detailed layout of streets, with curved and intersecting roads, and appears to be a local area map used for navigation or documentation purposes.


- page 13 -

This image appears to be a map of LaGrange, Georgia, with various streets and roads labeled. Some of the visible street names include:

Waugh Rd
Hamilton Dr
Bonaventure
Jarrell Ave
Georgia Ave
Eleanor St
Robertson St
Anthony St
Greenville
Atlanta & West Point RR
Daniel St

The map includes a north arrow and appears to be divided into numbered sections (1, 2, 3). There is also a small illustration of a figure (possibly a cartoon character or logo) near the top of the map. The map is in black and white and looks like it was created for a specific purpose related to a UFO report or investigation.


- page 14 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Street Names (Top Section):
BEVIS
TOWER
BROWN
AVERY ST
REVIS
HORTON ST
BROWN
CALI
PATTERSON
KISSLER

Street Names (Bottom Section):
GEORGIA ST
CEMETERY
ELK
LANE
AUBURN
DRIVE

Other Text:
Welcome to LAGRANGE
LaGrange Chamber of Commerce
Published by PUBLISHING CO., INC.
TAMPA, Florida
Dated Aug 1963

Bottom Right Cartoon Caption:
PLENTY OF THINGS TO SEE
PLENTY OF THINGS TO DO

The document appears to be a street map of LaGrange, Georgia, with a cartoon illustration of a car at the bottom right corner.


- page 15 -

Here are the street names and other text I can clearly read from the map:

Street Names:
- CALLAWAY
- HARRIS
- COLLEGE AVE
- PARK AVE
- BOULEVARD
- LINCOLN
- JEFFERSON
- FORREST AVE
- OREGON
- SPRING
- NO. LEE

Other Text:
- MOON (appears to be a location/area name)

The image appears to be a detailed street map of what seems to be LaGrange, Georgia, with various street intersections and road layouts. There are also some additional markings and annotations on the map that are partially illegible.


- page 16 -

This appears to be a map of LaGrange, Georgia, showing various streets and roads. Some of the street names visible include:

- Jenkins
- Freeman
- Martha
- Parker
- Lee
- Jefferson
- Lincoln
- Forrest Ave
- Elm St
- College Ave
- Park Boulevard
- Alford
- Harwell
- Lewis
- Main

The map also shows the Callaway Airport and some highway routes. The map is a black and white document with street grid lines and street names marked.

At the bottom left corner, there is a partial notation of "Route 219".


- page 17 -

This image appears to be a map, primarily showing the area around LaGrange, Georgia. The map contains numerous roads, highways, and geographical markers. Some visible text includes:

1710
1660
866'
LaGrange
Newnan
Carrollton

The map is in black and white and shows a network of roads and geographical features, with various triangular markers and numerical annotations throughout. The bottom portion of the map is somewhat obscured by a dark area.


- page 18 -

The text in this image is largely illegible due to the poor quality of the scan. The document appears to be a map or diagram with various lines, markings, and some partially visible text. However, I cannot confidently transcribe most of the text. There are some words and numbers visible, such as "NOSON" and some route or coordinate markers, but the majority of the text is too blurry or obscured to read accurately.


- page 19 -

This image appears to be a map of a city or town, likely LaGrange, Georgia. The map shows various street names and intersections, including:

- Callaway Air Port
- Jenkins
- Freeman
- Jefferson St
- Lincoln St
- Forrest
- Oreon
- College
- Park
- Boulevard

The map is hand-drawn or traced, with street lines, block outlines, and street names clearly marked. It seems to be part of a document related to a specific location or incident, possibly from a UFO report given the context of the filename.


- page 20 -

This image appears to be a map or street layout of an area, likely in LaGrange, Georgia. The map shows various street names and intersections, including:

Linden Ave
Grand Ave
Circle Drive
Ridgecrest Road
Waverly Way
Union Street
Highland Street

The map is a black and white document with street lines, curves, and intersections drawn in detail. Some street names are partially or fully legible, while others are difficult to read completely. The map seems to cover a residential or suburban area with multiple interconnected streets and roads.


- page 21 -

The image appears to be a map of a region in Georgia, with various towns and roads marked. Some legible place names include:

Carrollton
Bremen
Rossville
LaGrange

The map contains numerous intersecting lines representing roads or routes, with various numerical annotations. The map is in black and white and appears to be a vintage or archival document. Some of the text is difficult to read due to the image quality.

The bottom of the page contains two black redacted or blacked-out sections.


- page 22 -

REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
RE:
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)

Investigation Conducted by:
James R. Griffith, M-3
General Investigator
Security & Law Enforcement Division
Robin AFB, Robins Base, Georgia


- page 23 -

4. Atch
1. Interview of England
2. Interview of Caley
3. Sectional Aeronautical Chart
4. Map of LaGrange, Georgia


- page 24 -

DETAILS:                                                        Case # 1-5-66

I. AUTHORITY:
   1. This investigation was initiated at the direction of the Base
   Commander, Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, on 1 April 1966, in accordance
   with AFR 200-2 dated 20 July 1962, based upon reported sighting of three
   unidentified flying objects (UFO's) by college students at LaGrange College,
   LaGrange, Georgia, during the early morning hours of 1 April 1966.

II. NATURE INVESTIGATED:
    2. This investigation concerns the reported sighting of three UFO's
    by three college students at LaGrange College, LaGrange, Georgia, northwest
    of the college between approximately 0023-0110 hours, 1 April 1966.

III. FACTS:
     3. At 0150 hours, 1 April 1966, [redacted] who
     identified himself as a reporter for the LaGrange Daily News, LaGrange,
     Georgia, reported via telephone to Hugs G. Lynch, 33-7, Desk Sergeant,
     Security and Law Enforcement Division, Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, the
     following information:

     Approximately fifteen students at LaGrange College, LaGrange,
     Georgia, observed three objects in the southwest northwest from LaGrange.
     These were three objects, were near distance of 1/2 mile in the sky,
     but were visible to the naked eye. The objects appeared to change in color
     from red to white, to red and back to white. The objects traveled in an
     erratic pattern, and down, back and forth, and were making normally in
     the same area. The students, one identified, by [redacted], started
     observing the objects at 0023 hours, 1 April 1966, and were still observing
     them at the time (0105 hours), 1 April 1966, and was making this report.

     4. Desk Sergeant Lynch telephonically contacted Base
     Operations Dispatcher, Robins Air Force Base, Georgia, who advised that
     there was no record in his office of any Air Traffic from this area other
     in the normal area of the reported UFO sightings but that it was possible
     that aircraft from any number of other military installations could have
     been in that area.

     5. At 1730 hours, 1 April 1966, [redacted] Advertising Department,
     LaGrange Daily News, LaGrange, Georgia, was telephonically contacted. West
     reporter at the time, was advised that he could call back at that
     time reporter for the LaGrange Daily News. West advised that [redacted]
     was not at work but that he might be reached at the college. [redacted]
     identified the editor of the LaGrange Daily News as [redacted]


- page 25 -

6. between 1730-2000 hours, 1 April 1966, attempts to contact Mr. [redacted] at LaGrange College were unsuccessful. Student [redacted] at this telephone advised that [redacted] was sealed in the dormitory at this time. Telephone attempts with Mr. [redacted] at his home in Atlanta, Georgia, over the weekend were unsuccessful. However, he would leave a message in England's room to contact the reporting investigator in the event Special Duty England might be available. Mr. [redacted] advised that he had first hand knowledge of UFO sightings but that he had heard that England and one other student had reportedly observed something in the sky during the early morning hours of 1 April 1966. Attempts to obtain additional details about the alleged observed objects in the sky.

7. Attempts to telephonically contact Mr. [redacted], Editor of the LaGrange Daily News, between 1900-2000 hours, 1 April 1966, were unsuccessful.

8. At 2000 hours, 1 April 1966, Mr. [redacted] was recontacted at the office of the LaGrange Daily News. At the request of the reporting investigator, Mr. [redacted] and Lieutenant [redacted] were contacted in the 1 April 1966, edition of the LaGrange Daily News for more article pending to be published in the news concerning UFO's. What stated that he had no knowledge, Mr. [redacted] was not mentioned sightings of UFO's to anyone at the LaGrange Daily News. Reportedly made an appointment to report for work in the morning and he would ask [redacted] to contact this investigator.

9. At 2115 hours, 1 April 1966, Mr. [redacted] telephonically contacted the reporting investigator. England arrived to be interviewed on the morning of 2 April 1966.

10. On 2 April 1966, Sheriff L.W. Gailey, Meriwether County, and Mr. Ralph Johnson, Assistant Chief of Police, LaGrange, Georgia, were interviewed by the reporting investigator and advised that they had not received any report of UFO sightings.

11. On 2 April 1966, Mr. [redacted] and Mr. [redacted] (two students who allegedly observed the UFO's) were interviewed by the reporting investigator. Respective interviews are appended to this report as Attachment 1 and 2 respectively.

12. On 2 April 1966, attempt to interview student [redacted] (third student who reportedly observed the UFO's) was unsuccessful. [redacted] advised that he was gone the weekend and would not be back to the college until 4 April 1966.

13. On 2 April 1966, physical examination in the area from which the student reportedly observed the UFO's revealed no significant


- page 26 -

The Broad Street Dormitory, LaGrange Colleges, LaGrange, Georgia, is positioned facing north towards Broad Street. The ends of this building are facing west and east. From the west end of the building, one overlooks a valley which has numerous houses and high trees. A solid bank of trees faces the west and of the dormitory at a distance of about 300 yards. There are three floors to this dormitory with six windows on the third floor. No screens were on the windows. Visual scrutiny of the area where the UFO's were allegedly observed failed to reveal anything above the tree tops which would have accounted for the UFO's sighting. A city map of LaGrange, Georgia, is appended to this report as Attachment 3 for reference.

14. On 2 April 1966, Mr. [illegible] - Manager, LaGrange Air Service, Callaway Airport, LaGrange, Georgia, was interviewed and stated in substance:

The airport does not have radar. No UFO's have been reported to the airport. Several small single engine aircraft and two twin engine aircrafts normally park at the airport. Records are not maintained on what aircraft might have been in and around LaGrange, Georgia, at the time the UFO's were reportedly observed. Military aircraft are frequently in the area and on occasions utilize the airport. A rotating green and white beacon light is located at the airport which is on the light will reach five to ten miles depending on weather conditions. Neely was unable to offer any possible explanation for the aerial phenomena reported by the students. No other personnel were available at the airport for interview. A sectional aeronautical chart for the LaGrange, Georgia, area was obtained from "Neely" as agreed to this report as Attachment 4 for reference.

15. On 4 April 1966, SSgt (E-5) Glenn O. Everhart, RA14573381, Aircraft Dispatcher, Lawson Army Air Field, Fort Benning, Georgia, was telephonically contacted. Everhart advised that Lawson Field, and he inbound air traffic between 0001-0200 hours, Eastern Standard Time, 1 April 1966, was none. Capt Lawson of Air Traffic Control Tower stated he has been reported to Lawson Field. Everhart revealed that air traffic from any number of military installations could have been in the LaGrange, Georgia, area during the early morning hours of 1 April 1966. Records are not maintained at Lawson Field which would identify aircraft that might have been in and around LaGrange, Georgia, on 1 April 1966.

16. On 4 April 1966, 1/Lt Gerald E. Anderson, 3145723, Det 10, 16th Weather Squadron, USAF, Lawson Army Air Field, Fort Benning, Georgia, was telephonically contacted. Anderson advised that LaGrange, Georgia, does not have a weather reporting station and the nearest station is Columbus, Georgia. Forecasting the weather at OLCO hours, 1 April 1966, at LaGrange, Georgia, Anderson furnished the following information:

a. Wind direction at time of sighting: 210 degrees


- page 27 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

b. Velocity in degrees and knots of wind at Surface level: 2 knots at 6,000 feet; 270 degrees with 25-30 knots of wind; higher levels unknown.

c. Ceiling: None - no ceiling.

d. Visibility: Ten miles.

e. Amount of cloud cover: None

f. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: None

g. Vertical temperature gradient: Unknown

h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting: None

i. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting: No balloons released at Lawson Field which would have been in the area of LaGrange, Georgia.

17. No physical evidence was obtained by observers of the UFO's.

IV. COMMENTS OF PREPARING OFFICER:

18. This investigation failed to furnish a logical explanation for the reported sighting. Three (3) college students. Aircraft from any number of military and civilian installations could have been in the area at the time of the reported sightings; however, the reported performance of the UFO's would not appear to be that of aircraft and would seem that aircraft would have been in the area for the duration of time reported by the observers. While a beacon rotating light of green and white is located at a nearby airport, no clouds were in the area of the reported sighting which would have possibly reflected light, nor was the green and white colors of the beacon light the same colors viewed by the observers. The larger object reportedly disappeared in a northeasterly direction with what have been against the wind; this would appear to eliminate weather balloons as the objects observed.

Both observers were certain that the objects they viewed were not stars. The area of the sighting is located near an airport and possibly objects were over a river. Observers do not have any technical/scientific background. The reporting investigator's own investigation and check of known aircraft hypotheses which would explain the sighting, while it would appear this sighting would fall under the purview of Paragraph 1la(3), AFR 200-2 dated 20 July 1962, i.e., "blinking or steady lights observed at night, lights circling or near airports and airways, and other phenomena or objects known to be emanating from, or to be indications of aircraft's", this report is forwarded for information and/or action deemed appropriate.


- page 28 -

UFO'S - INTERVIEW OF OBSERVER(S) - April 1967

CASE:
MAILING ADDRESS: LaGrange College, LaGrange, Georgia
College Student (Junior)
OCCUPATION: Part Time News Reporter

a. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S):

(1) SHAPE: Round

(2) SIZE compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: head of pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length: Large one about three times the size of a straight pin head; two smaller ones about size of a pin head.

(3) COLOR(S): Changed colors from gold to white to red in and out like a light blinking on and off.

(4) NUMBER: Three (one large, accompanied by two smaller objects)

(5) FORMATION: If more than one: Large accompanied by two smaller objects in a fairly tight cluster.

(6) ADDITIONAL FEATURES OR DETAILS: Not visible to distinguish at a distance about 30°, possibly over the Chattahoochee River, about five air miles from observation point.

(7) RATE, TRACE, OR EXHAUST, INCLUDING SIZE OF HAZE COMPARED TO SIZE OF OBJECT(S): None Observed

(8) SOUND: If heard, describe sounds: No sound.

(9) OTHER PERTINENT OR UNUSUAL FEATURES: More except as described above.

DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
(1) THE TEST CALLED THE ATTENTION OF OBSERVER(S) TO THE OBJECT(S):
Student (name blacked out) was visiting in his room and was looking at the window and called his and his roommate's (name blacked out) attention to the objects.


- page 29 -

