The image does not contain a photograph, only a form with text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract all the text from the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 9 June 66  9/2002Z
2. LOCATION: Fayetteville, N.C.
3. SOURCE: Civilian & Military
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: About 15 minutes
6. COURSE: West to East
7. PHOTOS: No
8. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Other (Reflection of Ground Lights)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Multiple lights appearing which the brightness of the average star. Each light moved straight across the sky and disappeared. Objects appeared to have a star-like brightness and were steadily disappearing. Lights could have reflected from ground lights.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Using OCR (Optical Character Recognition), the text found in the document is:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. Never

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
All witnesses observed by: 
Fayetteville, N.C.
Last sighting Observed by: 2Lt Robert C. Finley, USAF, 1st Lt Carr Wg, Pope AFB, N.C.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME - - - - - - - - - - -   Last Name - - - - - - - - - - - -   First Name - - - - - - - - - - -
ADDRESS - - - - - - - - - -   Fayetteville   City - - - - - - - - - - -   N.C.   State
TELEPHONE NUMBER - - - - - - - - - - AGE - 43 SEX - M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Ret. USAF 33yrs.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
8 Day June To: 4,G,i,lt, Tec Carr Wg
Commanr Post & 4, G,0,2nd. Intelligence (Lt. Robert C. Finley and 2Lt Scott Garrison)

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, possibly a questionnaire or report, related to Project Blue Book. The page is numbered "Page 7" and contains questions and spaces for the respondent to provide information.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 21 June 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire form. The form is filled out with details about a reported UFO sighting, including the date, time, location, and duration of the sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information obtained will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?  
6. June 1966
2. Time of day:  
2100 - 10  (P.M.)
3. Time Zone:  
(Circle One):  a. Eastern
(Circle One):  a. Daylight Saving
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Fayetteville, N.C.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
45 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
a. Certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes X
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY:
a. Clear
NIGHT:
a. Bright
If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. Pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
9.1 CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
9.2 WEATHER (Circle One): a. Fog, mist, or light rain, b. Moderate or heavy rain, c. Snow, d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to same common object: __________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like bright star, c. Clearly defined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time?: Yes, No, Don't know
b. Move horizontally?: Yes, No, Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?: Yes, No, Don't know
d. Give off smoke?: Yes, No, Don't know
e. Change shape?: Yes, No, Don't know
f. Flash or flicker?: Yes, No, Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear?: Yes, No, Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
    5 sightings, each time the UFO followed a straight course and then disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One:) Yes __ No __ Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: Disappearance could have been due to clouds, but don't think so.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
    (Circle One:) Yes __ No __ Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: Right was clear

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound: No
    b. Color, similar to a star.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 
    Covered completely by a match head at arm's length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically show trails or vapor trails. 
    Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

    Director's note: The sketch shows a circular object with the description: 1st sighting, 2nd - 5th sightings, same as 1st.

The text in the document has now been extracted and output.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes (No)
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other Back Yard

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Never on earth?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No)

e. Binoculars Yes (No)
f. Telescope Yes (No)
g. Ground Visual Yes (No)
h. Other ____________

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a star moving parallel to the ground at 50% o°

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and some text. The diagram appears to be a sketch illustrating a UFO sighting, including instructions on how to draw the motion and direction of the object. The text discusses instructions for the observer, including placing marks on a compass to show the object's position, and drawing a picture to illustrate the motion of the object.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
1st - observation was one light above the other moving parallel to ground
2nd - 5th single lights moving straight REFERRING TO THE END

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Transcribed text:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location.
Never

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
All sightings observed by: Fayetteville, N.C.
Last Sighting Observed by: 
Lt. Robert C. Finley, 464th Trp Carr Wg, Pope AFB, N.C.
2Lt Scott L. Smiley, 464th Trp Carr Wg, Pope AFB, N.C.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Last Name - - - - - - - - - First Name - - - - - - - - - Middle Name
ADDRESS - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Street - - - - - - - - - - - - Fayetteville - - - - - - - - - Zone N.C.
TELEPHONE NUMBER - - - - - - - - - AGE 45 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
Ret. USAF 35t

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
8 June 1966
To: 464th Trp Carr Wg
Command Post - 464th Intelligence (Lt Robert C. Finley and 2Lt Scott Smiley)

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, containing a form or questionnaire.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 21 June 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire related to the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements that you make, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 8 JUNE 1966 
2. Time of day: 2100 10 MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Fayetteville N.C.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 45 MINUTES Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? c. Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. NIGHT BRIGHT c. Cloudy
If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. To your back e. Don't remember

FTD OCT 42 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting a UFO sighting in Fayetteville, North Carolina on June 13, 1966.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

FAYETTEVILLE N.C. 
THRU/UPO 
UFO Sighting, Fayetteville, North Carolina
464 Troop Carrier Wing 
Pope AFB, NORTH CAROLINA 23308
Reference your message, under DOVUD 0518 June 66, subject UFO Report. Information given concerning sighting is as follows and paragraph 14 and 15: The report outlines in paragraph 14 was not used, thus completed by this office and the information concerning the sighting is complete. The attached AF Form 164 and return them to our office upon completion.

FOR THE COMMANDER
ERIC T.C. BAREFIELD, Colonel, USAF
Deputy Commander and Base Inspector

COORDINATION: 
ORIGINATOR: W.J. Noller Jr.
THRU/UPO MARCH 1966, FAYETTEVILLE, JR
DATED: 10 June 66

- page 12 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions and options for the observer to select their responses.

Text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Many
b. A few
c. Very few
d. None

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. As a light
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
The average _star_

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other

13. Did the object exhibit any of these characteristics?: 
(Circle One for each part)
a. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes No Don't know
b. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
c. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with questions and answers about a sighting.

OCR text output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
5 sightings each time the UFO followed a straight course and then disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No  Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind. Disappearance could have been due to clouds, but don't think so. 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of. Might was clear.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound No
b. Color Yellow, similar to a star.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Covered completely by a match head at arms length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as color, protrusions, etc., and specifically  show trails or vapor trails. Please use the space provided for this drawing. 
DIRECTIVE: 1st sighting - Double Heart N.C.-Greensboro, 2nd - 5th sightings - Smaller size.

- page 14 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire with various questions about a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other Back yard

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles/hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes NO
b. Sun glasses Yes NO
c. Windshield Yes NO
d. Window glass Yes NO
e. Binoculars Yes NO
f. Telescope Yes NO
g. Theodolite Yes NO
h. Other Ground Visual

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

star moving parallel to the ground at 50%

- page 15 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project blue book document that contains various sketches, diagrams, and text.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.
1st observation was one light above the other moving parallel to ground
2nd = 5th single lights moving straight

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
Never

Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No

If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes
No

Please list their names and addresses:
All sightings observed by: Fayetteville, N.C.

Last Sighting Observed by: 1Lt Robert C. Finley, 464th Trp Carr Wg, Pope AFB, N.C. 2Lt Scott L. Sudley. 464th Trp Carr Wg, Pope AFB, N.C.

Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Redacted
ADDRESS: Fayetteville, N.C.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Redacted 
AGE: 45
SEX: M

indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
No

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
8 Day 6 Month 1966 Year
To: 464th Trp Carr Wg, Pope AFB

- page 17 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a blank page of a form or questionnaire with some text at the top.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 23 June 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual depiction. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

AP IN: 1175 (9 JUN 66) T/FGR
ACTION: HDQ-4
INFO: XOPX-2, SAEOG-3, DIA-1, NIN-7 (19) ADV CY DIA
PTTU JAW RUEBFEAT963 1608638-UUUU-RUEDMHA.
ZNR UUUUU
P 099012Z 
FM 464 TCW POPE AFB NC
TO RUWCALV/ADC ENT AFB COLO
RUEDIF/ AIRFORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND AND FTD WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
RUEDMHA/HQ USAF AFNIN WASH 25 DC
RUEDMHA/SEC OF THE AIR FORCE SAFOI WASH 25 DC
BT
UNCLAS DOIN 8458 JUNE 66.
FGR: UFO INVESTIGATING SECTION
SUBJECT: UFO REPORT
SIGHTED 5 OR 6 YELLOW LTS. SSE FC FAYETTEVILLE NC FROM 0100 - 0212.
TWO TRAVELING IN VERTICAL FORMATION; TWICE THE MAGNITUDE OF THE AVERAGE STARS, NO SOUND.
FAIRLY OF THREE OBSERVED WHILE EATING IN BACK YARD. UFO'S WERE SEEN FOR 30 TO 45 SECONDS AT APPROX 60 DEGREES ELEVATION. MOVED STRAIGHT AND SUDDENLY DISAPPEARED. OBSERVATION WAS BY GROUND VISUAL ONLY; NO VISUAL AIDS. SEEN AT RIGHT 7 BLOCKS SOUTH OF CAPE FEAR VALLEY HOSPITAL.
AFHQ *** O-309C
BT
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with a text-based report.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
TASK COMMAND MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AP IN: 1175 (9 Jun 66)                        PG 2OF 2

PAGE 2 RUEBFEAT963 UNCLAS
SEEN BY SSGT USAF <REDACTED> AGE 45; <REDACTED> <AGE 38> AND TEENAGE SOON: WEATHER: < OBSERVER'S VIEW --- CLEAR>
OFFICIAL
VISIBILITY UNLIMITED; 1B PER CENT CLGD COVER: CIRUS AT 29,099 FT;
WINDS: SURFACE 239 DEGREES AT 12 KNOTS, 2309 268 DEGREES AT 29 K,
19,909-310 DEGREES AT 28K, 16,909-229 DEGREES AT 28K, 29,999-309
DEGREES AT 28K, 38,999-223 DEGREES AT 49K, 52,999-276 DEGREES AT
35K. LIGHTNING OBSERVED SLIGHTLY TO THE NORTH BY SIMONS AIR FIELD
WEATHER. TWO INTELLIGENT OFFICERS CAME A RATED PILOT'S OBSERVED
ONE LIGHT WHILE INVESTIGATING THE ABOVE. NO HELP AVAILABLE FROM LOCAL
POPE TOWER ETC;.
BT

AFHO     3-309C                            UNCLASSIFIED

- page 20 -

This page does not contain any photograph or image. It appears to be a form or document from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information division, likely related to a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about the object you saw. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, and it is not necessary that you furnish your name. If it is desired necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
a. Day: 8 June 1966
b. Month: June
c. Year: 1966

2. Time of day: 2100 10 Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Fayetteville, N.C.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain __ Hours __ Minutes __ Seconds
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was object determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY:
a. Clear
b. Cloudy
NIGHT:
a. Bright
b. Bright
c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your left
d. To your right

FTD FORM 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions and answer choices regarding the sighting of unidentified objects and weather conditions.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember 
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Fuzzy or blurred

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Lighted bright star, c. Other, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: a. Appear to stand still at any time?, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?, c. Break up into parts or explode?, d. Change brightness?, e. Change shape?, f. Glow or flicker?, g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 22 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image, only text.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
5 sightings; each time the UFO followed a straight course and then disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No (Don't Know) If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: Disappeared could have been due to clouds, but don't think so.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No (Don't Know) IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: Night was clear.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - NO
b. Color - Yellow, similar to a star.

18. We wish to know the angular size: Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 
Covered completely by a match head at arm's length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object they you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
1st sighting - Dome light 
2nd - 5th sightings - Star like

OCR Text Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
5 sightings; each time the UFO followed a straight course and then disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No (Don't Know) If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: Disappeared could have been due to clouds, but don't think so.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No (Don't Know) IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: Night was clear.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - NO
b. Color - Yellow, similar to a star.

18. We wish to know the angular size: Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 
Covered completely by a match head at arm's length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object they you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
1st sighting - Dome light 
2nd - 5th sightings - Star like

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________

22. Where were you located when you sighted the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other __________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Glasses   Yes   No
b. Binoculars   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No
e. Telescope   Yes   No
f. Theodolite   Yes   No
g. Other _____________ Ground visual

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
The star moving parallel to the ground at 30°.

- page 24 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It does not contain any photographs, but instead contains several sketches and diagrams, as well as text describing various instructions and questions.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show the direction from which you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass to show the direction in which you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling. The first observation was one sight above the other moving parallel to ground. 2nd - 2nd single lights moving in straightflight straight parallel to the ground.

- page 25 -

