Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 16 August 66  17/0320Z
2. LOCATION: Mansfield, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: SW - NE
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE

FTD SLIP A 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

FTD (WDISRS)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
29 August 1966

Clinton, Minnesota 56225

Dear

Reference your unidentified observation of 17 August 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 2 -

FTD (TDETR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
29 August 1966

Duluth, Minnesota 55804

Dear

Reference your unidentified observation of 17 August 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient
for evaluation. Request you and your sister, Sally com-
plete the attached FTD Forms 164 and return them in the
envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Milwaukee, Wisc.                                                17 Aug 66

FFID (DEFR)/JH
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
26 August 1966

Kent County Air Force
Grand Rapids, Michigan 49500

Dear [redacted]

Reference your unidentified observation of 17 August 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient
for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD
Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Forces.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 4 -

TDDET /Maj Quintanilla, Jr/70916/h1/30 August 1966
UFO Sighting, 17 August 1966

455 Missile Maintenance Squadron
Attn:

Reference your unidentified observation of 17 August 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WARREN S. WHEELER, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology & Subsystems

COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR:    TDDET MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR    DATED 30 AUG 66
TDDET                                DATED

1 Atch
FTD Form 164
w/envelope


- page 5 -

TDETR/Lt. Marley/70916/mhs/20 Sep 66

Request for Barium Cloud Release Information

Chief Operations
Churchill Research Range                                                 SEP 22 1966
Attn:

1. Reference your telephone request for information on personal
observations of the upper atmosphere activity over Port Churchill
on 16 August 1966. Attached are observations reported to the
United States Air Force concerning the observance of alleged UFOs
over the north central United States.

2. In compiling our reports on this particular sightings, I would
appreciate additional information on this activity. This would be
quite helpful in reaching a definite conclusion. In particular,
I am interested in the release altitude and location of the Barium
cloud releases on 15 August at 2239, Central Daylight Time.

WARREN S. WHEELER, Colonel, USAF                                         1 Atch
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems                                     UFO Reports

Cy to: Karl Medrow
         Sounding Rocket Division
         NASA, Goddard Flight Center

COORDINATION:

TDESTR/MAJ R/QUINTANILLA, JR                                             DATE 21 Sept 66

TDET                                                                     DATE 25 Sept 66


- page 6 -

This case includes four (4) 7½ x 9" photographs.


- page 7 -

Investigation Report
Sightings of August 16, 1966

This case began as a TWX from Truax Field to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, concerning sightings by three independent observers of a "moon-like" object. Before investigation of this sighting could take place, a reply to a letter concerning a previous sighting brought a clipping concerning sightings in Minneapolis on the same date, August 16th. From the clipping several leads were obtained.

Several calls to the White Cloud Field at Minneapolis resulted in contacting a salesman for an aviation company at the field, his report is enclosed. In his report were mentioned radio reports to Rochester FSS.

Other flying services were contacted at Flying Cloud; Flying Service gave the name of a passenger. A man at an aviation said he was on the field until 11:00 PM and in a position to see anything that happened, but saw nothing. Tower personnel reported that the tower closed at 10:00 PM, so they were not present during the sightings. A rumor that someone saw an object settle on the runway and then take off has not been verified.

A call to Twin Cities International Airport yielded a report of having seen an object, the name of his watch supervisor was obtained.

The St. Paul Pioneer Press/Dispatch, origin of the clipping, could not provide any additional information; the reporter was not known.

Aero Division provided the name of [redacted]


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

a flight instructor, as having been a witness, but she denied having
seen anything.

A Mr. Earl Friedline of Rochester Airport control tower was contacted,
he recalled hearing traffic with a Cherokee and a Cessna 310, talking
with the Rochester Flight Service Station (FSS).

The FSS at Rochester was contacted, and a conversation with its
chief, Mr. [redacted] ensued --see report. The registrations of three of the
four airplanes reporting were obtained, one being too recent for the
published list. The name of the duty man at the time of sightings,
Donald Holmes, 612-533-8889, was obtained.

Donald Holmes recalled the traffic, saying all reports were obtained
within half an hour (the logged times were 0410 and 0430). He reported
one observer on the ground, but the name was unavailable.

The three aircraft were then traced down and the names of the pilots
were obtained: [redacted], [redacted], and [redacted]. The fourth aircraft, by elimination, was
that of [redacted]. [redacted] is in the army, and a letter
has been sent to him requesting a report.

The Eau Claire FSS was contacted; they will call collect if an
examination of the log and conversation with personnel reveal any
new reports. The registration and correct number of the Musketeer reported
in the Truax TWX (given as [redacted]) was obtained as [redacted] and the pilot,
Mr. [redacted] was contacted for a report.

Mr. [redacted], mentioned in the same TWX, was then contacted for a
telephone interview; he had already sent a Form 164 in to the USAF.


- page 9 -

Chicago Center Control at Joliet was then contacted, and a Mr. Belasco examined the logs; there was no record or recollection of any unusual requests for radar coverage on August 16th. This is tempered by the fact that tapes are kept only 15 days and then are re-used; this investigation was done on September 8.

The Milwaukee F88 had no records or recollection of the incident, but referred the investigator to Milwaukee Approach Control, the watch supervisor, Mr. Phil Stepanski (414-744-8720) was contacted, and from him were obtained the names of the two controllers on duty at the time of Holzer's sightings. Mr. Stepanski requested that the phone calls be delayed until he could get in touch with the controllers himself to authorize them to talk with this investigator.

Mr. Carl Doege and Mr. James Biden, the controllers, were contacted; neither one of them had any recollection of anything unusual; both pointed out somewhat at length that they could not identify targets, as as one of them put it, they couldn't tell a Piper Cub from a DC-3. They said further that whenever they observe anything unusual, such as a fast object, they report it to Chicago Center Control, and they made no such report.

To find out how it. Howe, reporting officer on the TWX from Truax, got the radar information about Chicago Center Control, he was called, but an alert was on and he could not be contacted that day.

Mr. Bishop was then called to verify the report from the Twin Cities International Tower; he verified it, and added that there was a separate observation phoned in later which caused them to reconsider sightings. They then realized that it could not have been the moon, because


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

there was no moon and because the windows are designed precisely to prevent
such reflections.

Radio station WCCO in Minneapolis was then contacted in order to
obtain ground-based sightings, the attempt being to find anyone who
saw the object at a high angle. Advice was to call back Sunday.

The sightings so far obtained were then roughly plotted, and the
most reliable lines of sight (from the Twin Cities control tower and from
[redacted] we took a magnetic bearing) were found to intersect just
north of Duluth, perhaps 100 miles. Therefore attempts were made to contact
witnesses in Duluth.

Radio station KDAL was uncooperative, but WDIO (Channel 6) offered
to send films of interviews with witnesses from the night of the 16th;
the offer was accepted. The Duluth Herald Tribune looked up stories, and
found several the name of [redacted] was thus obtained, and a report was
obtained from his sister, [redacted] who was also a witness.

It was then decided to try to obtain sightings from farther to the
West, in order to pin down the area more closely. Calls were made to
papers, police, and airports (and FSS) at Hibbing, Grand Rapids, International Falls, and finally Bemidji, at Bemidji a lead was obtained to the
Thief River Falls Police, who had had some traffic on radio that night about
UFO's.

The Thief River Falls police did recall some talk, but had nothing
"officially logged"; someone, however, recalled some "deal they set off
at Winnipeg" that night, which, to their recollection, was an attempt
to produce a man-made aurora borealis.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Mansfield, Ohio     16 Aug 66

FTD (TDERJ/HL
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
19 August 1966

Mansfield, Ohio 44903

Dear 

Reference your unidentified observation of 16 August 1966.
The information in your letter was not sufficient for
evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form
164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 12 -

The Winnipeg papers were called, but this being Saturday afternoon,
and neither paper putting out a Sunday edition, no information was available.

was contacted on Sunday, at WCCO in Minneapolis, and said
he would mail information Monday.
Lt. Howe was contacted Sunday; he got his radar information from the
witness,

The Winnipeg Tribune found the story about an attempt to generate a
man-made aurora; the test took place in northern Ontario on July 20th.
No subsequent reports of rocket tests were found.

Through the Roseau, Minnesota Times-Region, contact was made with
who together with another couple saw a phenomenon
having the same description as the others, but their time-estimates are
somewhat off. The line of sight is fairly well-established, and indicates
that the event was farther north than thought up to this point.

At this time enough leads had been accumulated to attempt to locate
the position of the object. When approximate lines of sight were drawn
on a map, the sightings being used in which there appeared to be at least
some reliability to the estimate of direction, it became apparent that the
object had been far to the north of the US-Canada border. Furthermore,
from the fact that the object had been seen low in the sky by who
was flying at 5000 feet, it was apparent that the object must have been
at least 100 miles above the ground, in order to be seen over the horizon.

The lines of sight had a great deal of scatter, so it was decided
to request (on behalf of Dearborn Observatory) reports from other witnesses.
Half a dozen newspapers were contacted and requested to run an announcement


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

asking for reports of "any unusual event seen on the night of August 16th", out of reference to Air Force regulations, the announcement made reference only to Dr. Hynek, the Air Force's part in the investigation not being mentioned.

The announcement brought some 20 letters, all but one or two of which related directly to the sighting in question. At about the time these letters began to come in, Lt. Marley informed the investigator that he had discovered the cause of the sightings, as a barium-cloud experiment done from a rocket launched from near Ft. Churchill, Ontario.

The letters and telephone interviews give considerable insight into the way in which random witnesses will report very unusual events that they have never seen before. On the whole, the performance is creditable, and the results seem to show that if enough reports can be obtained concerning a given sighting, it is possible to sift out of all the varying descriptions a good picture of the appearance of what was seen. Of course witnesses vary greatly in their interpretation of what they see, but when interpretations are reduced to simple appearances, such as apparent approach being reduced to what is actually observable, an increase in apparent diameter, the results are a rather clear picture of what was going on. It also becomes apparent how important it is to obtain as many reports as possible, for if only the reports from the pilots had been received, the impression would have been left of something large, close, and fast-moving.

Table I represents a summary of the salient points of observation, giving aspects of the occurrence mentioned by witnesses versus the number


- page 14 -

of witnesses who gave the same description. Twenty-nine independent reports are covered, including both those obtained from letters and those obtained by telephone interview. These reports involve 77 individuals.


- page 15 -

Table 4: Content of Reports

SIZE
Like moon (or slightly larger or smaller)                   19
Much larger than moon                                        9
Actual size estimate (feet, blocks)                          6

COLOR
Red-orange stage reported                                   12
Blue-green stage reported                                   22
Silvery cloud stage                                         18
Details of colors (swirling, etc.)                           8

SHAPE
Initial small bright ball                                    9
Rectangular phase                                            3
Large circular ball                                         25
Fuzzy or indistinct edges                                   14
Column, vertical streak, or U-shape                         11
Final fading out (dependent on dark adaptation)             10

NUMBER REPORTED
One only                                                    19
Both or parts of both events                                 8

BRIGHTNESS
Less than moon                                               1
Like moon                                                    7
Brighter than moon                                           5

BEHAVIOR
Explosion or expansion                                      11
Approach toward witness                                     12
Departure away from witness                                 10
Rotation, swirling internal motion                           6
Transverse motion in sky                                     5
Pacing alongside moving witness                              5


- page 16 -

TIME (PM, CST)
9:15    1
10:00   1
10:20   1
10:30-10:39  2
10:40-10:49  11
10:50-10:59  3
11:00-11:09  2
11:15   1
11:30-11:45  3

DIRECTION
North (plus or minus 15 degrees)   12
NE      2
NW      2
Farther off in direction    4

ELEVATION ABOVE HORIZON
0 - 10 degrees   5
10 - 20 degrees  3
20 - 30 degrees  8
30 - 45 degrees  4
45 degrees to overhead  4
Altitude given in feet or similar absolute measure  2

INTERPRETATIONS, GENERAL
Landings, (1 rumor, no direct reports)  1
Solid disc   3
Complex maneuvers (pacing, zooming)  5
Suggestions of interest in witnesses, intelligent control  5
Interpretation of increase in size as close approach  9

DURATION (Greatly influenced by dark adaptation)
15 to 30 seconds  1
1 - 5 minutes  6
10 - 20 minutes  7
20 - 30 minutes  5
2 hours (completely dark-adapted and reliable witness)  1

NOTE: Many witness are included in several items, so the number of witnesses does not add up properly. Also some witnesses failed to mention certain points.


- page 17 -

MULTIPLICITY OF WITNESSES INVOLVED IN 1 REPORT

1 witness                   10
2 witnesses                  6
3 witnesses                  6
4 witnesses                  3
5 witnesses                  2
9 witnesses                  1


- page 18 -

REPORTS OBTAINED BY DIRECT INTERVIEW


- page 19 -

Sighting by [redacted] August 16, 1966, Rochester, Minnesota

Witness: [redacted] Supply Salesman, [redacted]
Shakopee, Minnesota
Also, passenger riding with him, not interviewed.

The report: [redacted] was piloting a Cessna 172 at an altitude of 3000 feet, headed north, about 10 miles due west of Rochester, Minnesota, on the night of August 16, at 10:55 PM CDT. Course was about 330°. He and his passenger noticed a luminous ball of light about 15° to the right of the course, and slightly higher in apparent altitude. The object was the "color of a firefly". It appeared to be standing still or approaching; the airplane rapidly drew nearer and the apparent size of the object became larger and larger, until the passenger remarked, "I don't think I want to fly through that thing!". At this point the object was seen by the pilot through the right half of the windshield, at the same altitude as the airplane, subtending 3/4 of the window. Its outlines were not completely distinct.

The pilot put the airplane into a sharp turn to the west to avoid hitting the object, whereupon the object began to move with the airplane, pacing it for two minutes; airspeed, 115 mph, indicated. The object then changed course and shot off to the northeast. After a few seconds, the pilot decided to try to chase it, and turned to follow it. Think to illuminate it, he switched on his landing lights, but the object could then no longer be seen, and was not seen again. The object appeared to be travelling away faster than the speed of the airplane, the airplane following it.

While pacing the airplane, the object was farther away than at its closest approach it was slightly higher than the airplane, so that to see


- page 20 -

it out the right-hand window, the pilot had to lift the right wing slightly.
The size of the object then appeared to be about the same as the chord of the
wing at its tip (3 - 4 feet at that distance). At the closest approach,
which the pilot estimates to have been one city block, the object was
considerably larger in angular diameter.

The pilot then called Rochester Airport and reported the object, asking
if any other pilots had reported anything; none had. Five minutes later,
however, the pilot heard reports from two other aircraft, one a Cherokee,
reporting a similar appearing object.


- page 21 -

Sighting on August 16th, 1966

Witnesses: [Redacted] Flight Instructor, [Redacted] Field, Minneapolis, Minnesota.

The Report: Mr. [Redacted] was the passenger with [Redacted] (see report).

The position given was 10 miles north of Austin, Minnesota. The object was seen to converge with the airplane, which was heading North, and which turned to a NNW heading. The object which had initially been at the 2 o'clock position was now at the 4 o'clock position (to the right). It was doughnut-shaped, darker in the center. The object then apparently receded, becoming smaller in angular diameter and losing the doughnut appearance for a solid appearance. Time of report recalled as "1140" amended to 1040 (±240). Thought that report was made to La Crosse FSS.


- page 22 -

FTD (TDSR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
19 August 1966

Box [redacted]
Mansfield, Ohio 44905

Dear [redacted]

Reference your unidentified observation of 16 August 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 23 -

Sighting by
August 16, 1966
Rochester, Minn.

Witness: Commercial Pilot, Corporation, St. Paul, St. Paul Park, Minnesota
phone,

The report: was flying from Chicago to Rochester and to Minneapolis, with four passengers; two businessmen and two technicians bound for work at IBM (says he will forward report forms). The airplane was a Twin Bonanza.

The plane had just turned at Waukegan, having intercepted the 330° radial from the Rochester omni. After no more than 5 minutes of flight, spotted ahead and to the right a distant glowing ball, "looking like a golf-ball", at about his altitude (5000 feet). In about 5 seconds it came rapidly toward the airplane, so fast that despite the fact that thought it would collide he could take no evasive action. The object, however, passed to the right, and stopped relative to the airplane, now off its right wing. The airplane was cruising at 230 mph.

The pilot had exclaimed and called the attention of the passengers to the object as it approached; all four saw it, and all were at a loss to identify it. The object kept pace with the airplane at close range, appearing many times the diameter which the moon would have had. It was a pale green color, had an indistinct edge, was almost white, and perhaps somewhat brighter than the full moon. The pilot called in to the Rochester Flight Service Station and reported the object just before he came in for a landing.


- page 24 -

The plane arrived at Rochester, and at that point the object veered off and departed toward the NE at a high rate of speed; the airplane continued in a straight-in approach, arrival having been at 11:15 A.M. on the 16th.

noted that as the object veered off, it changed shape into an oval, the long axis being vertical; at this point there was a bright cere running vertically, with an oval mist or vapor around it. The impression was that he had been watching a flattened disc shape, and saw it turn away like a well rolling around a curve.

The night was perfectly clear; first thought was that he was seeing a cellometer beam, but then he realized that there were no clouds at all.


- page 25 -

Sighting
August 16, 1966
Rochester, Minn.

Witness: Commercial pilot, Aviation, Inc.
P. O. Washington, Pennsylvania; home address
Washington, Pennsylvania; Home phone

Also seen by copilot, pilot with
Home phone

The report: Pilots were flying a twin Bonanza, southward. Location was 35E of Rochester about 40 miles. The pilots had been hearing the reports of other airplanes in the vicinity, and after several reports had come in they looked around and saw in the distance a "very large" fuzzy ball of light. They could not detect any details. They were climbing to 9500 feet, and thought the object was at the same altitude or lower. It was seen back and to the left from their airplane, or just about due north; it seemed to be about 30 miles distant. They reported their observation to the Flight Service Station, Rochester. said he could not see the object well enough to give a description of its appearance, since it was too far away.


- page 26 -

Sighting Report
August 16, 1966
Mr. Brew and Mr. Bishop
Minneapolis International Airport control tower

In the log-book of the control tower there is an entry at 0350 UT (250, August 15), noting that a Mr. Brew, a controller, observed a UFO to the NNE of the tower. Mr. Brew thought that the object was a reflection of the moon, and paid no attention to it, according to his watch supervisor Mr. Bishop; shortly thereafter a phone call from White Bear Lake (NE of city) from an unknown person called attention to a similar observation in the same direction, but by that time there was nothing visible.

Mr. Bishop's number is 612-881-7519.


- page 27 -

Sighting by
August 16, 1966
Milwaukee-Madison

Witness: [redacted], manager of Flying Service, Kent County Airport, Grand Rapids, Michigan, telephone - [redacted]
Also, two sons.

The Report: The witness was flying to Madison from Grand Rapids, and had just finished a radar-controlled approach to Milwaukee when he first saw the object to the north of him; his course was West, and the object was at 3 o'clock relative to his heading. [redacted] describes it at that time as consisting of concentric rings, clear and sharp; outside white, next bright fluorescent green. From 2 o'clock to 5 o'clock on the object was a grey wedge, like a slice of pie.

[redacted] then contacted radar control again and asked to be picked up, after [redacted] making identification turns, radar approach control at Milwaukee said they had him. He then asked if there was any other traffic in the area, and the answer was affirmative; something was 12 miles north, and appeared to be approaching slowly. [redacted] watched the object become larger, and was informed that the object was now 6 miles away and had turned to fly parallel with [redacted]. At this time the apparent size of the object was given by [redacted] as one foot at arm's length. He says that if it were in fact six miles away as the radar controller reported, it must have been "forty stories high".

During the next 10 to 12 minutes the object kept due north of the airplane travelling parallel with it, at 185 miles per hour. It gradually developed indistinct edges and became fuzzy all over. Radar tracked it all the way to Madison. As [redacted] prepared for his approach


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

(from the West, after a pattern turn) the object began to change shape; first it became egg-shaped (long axis vertical), then like a column of smoke, with the base at flight altitude, then boomerang shapes with the angle pointed east. It then faded out. This report has been given to T-max Field, and Mr. [redacted] has filled out a form and sent it in. Landed at 12:00.


- page 29 -

Report of Sighting
August 16-17, 1966
Waukesha, Wisconsin

Witness: Mr.
Telephone
Also:
back seat.

Brookfield, Wisconsin 53005

The Report: was flying back to Waukesha from St. Louis on a
straight-in course, 020° heading, 5500 ft. altitude. At 1055 the object
was first seen as similar to the full moon. Boys in back exclaimed
"Hey, what's that?" asked to turn off flashlight he
was reading map with, thinking it was a reflection. Object did not dis-
appear. The apparent size of the object was like that of a silver dollar
projected onto the windshield; witness was aware at the time of need for
such a measurement. His recollection is that it would have been the size
and color of the full moon.

The pilot then turned the airplane directly toward the object to
obtain a bearing, which was 350° magnetic; he also took a reading on the
omni from a nearby station, and determined that his own position was 50
miles from Waukesha on the line from St. Louis to Waukesha. He then
turned back to his course.

The object became larger, comparable to a saucer on the windshield,
and at the same time appeared to become more tenuous. The pilot reported
this to the Milwaukee Flight Service Station. The object then changed to
a vertical shape and disappeared by fading away. The pilot guesses that
it was 25 miles distant. He did not get the impression that it was
approaching him. It seemed to be at the same altitude as the airplane.


- page 30 -

Sighting of August 16, 1966
at al, Duluth, Minnesota

Witness:                 , Duluth, Minnesota
(Brother) and two nieces from California.

The Report: The four witnesses were driving back to the suburban location of their home, on Lakewood Road, which is oriented directly north and south.                was sitting in back of a 1964 Barracuda. About 6 miles north of Duluth and 1-1/2 miles south of their houses, the witness saw a hazy moon-like object in the sky, the others all saw it too. The witness says it was near the top of the windshield from where she was sitting, and slightly to the left of the road. Her brother stopped the car and turned off the headlights; they rolled up the windows, being apprehensive about what was going on.

Then a spark, a starlike object, was emitted by the moon-like object, travelling horizontally to the right, directly ahead and in line with the road it began to expand and grow brighter. At first it was light bluish. It took on the form of a "perfect rectangle" for a few seconds, and continued to expand and get brighter until it became a large circular object "half-filling the sky". The colors were blue to green, "like finger-paints", merging and changing, the entire array appeared to be rotating clock-wise at first.

At this point all the witnesses became very apprehensive; put the car in reverse and backed up at high speed for several blocks, to the house of an acquaintance. All went indoors.

The witnesses called the police, and then called their parents,


- page 31 -

Report of sighting of August 17, 1966: Roseau-Thief River Falls

Witness: [Redacted]
Two other passengers [Redacted]
Roseau, Minnesota.

The Report: The [Redacted] were driving back to Roseau from Thief River Falls, 50 miles to the southwest. They were just south of Holt (about 10 miles north of Thief River Falls on highway 32) when [Redacted] saw a bright orange or red object appear in the sky slightly east of north. It expanded rapidly, at first having a dark hole in the center and then appearing "all colors of the rainbow". This appearance gave way to a silvery cloudlike appearance.

About 10 miles further north, the second object appeared, and [Redacted] called the attention of the others to it. The second object appeared apparently directly above the remains of the first, and went through the same sequence of appearances. The clouds remained visible in the sky, apparently drifting slowly to the northwest, all the time while the rest of the trip was completed. At one point the clouds seemed to drift in front of the north star, which could be seen through the silvery cloud. The cloud also passed before a "bright star" in the northwest.

Time estimates are highly variable. [Redacted] says that they arrived at Roseau at 10:45 CET, which would place the initial sighting at about 9:45 PM. [Redacted] guesses that the initial sighting took place at 10:15 to 10:30. If [Redacted] is off an hour, the initial sighting would agree with the others of this series provided the trip took around 90 minutes.

According to the road maps, the distance from Thief River Falls to Roseau is 60 miles by road, the road passing through 6 small towns starting with Holt;


- page 32 -

Holt is 11 miles north of Thief River Falls.

Direction estimates seem good; [redacted] was sitting on the right side of the rear seat, and saw the object in the windshield on the right side, apparently a little to the right of the road, which runs directly north and south where the sighting took place.

[redacted] estimates the angle to be about 12-15 degrees east of north -- much closer to north than to northeast.

[redacted] reports that the cloud appeared to drift to the west as they drove, either because of the motion of the car toward the east, the motion of the cloud, or both.

According to the editor of the Roseau Times-Region, many others saw the phenomenon, and the best direction estimate according to him was 10 degrees east of north.


- page 33 -

FTD (TNSTR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
19 August 1966

Mansfield, Ohio 44906

Dear [redacted]

Reference your unidentified observation of 16 August 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient
for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD
Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 34 -

Report of conversation with [redacted] Chief of Station, Rochester Flight Service Station, telephone

Mr. [redacted] recalled the night of August 15th, and found the log entries pertaining to it. At 0410 UT, August 17, 1965, an entry indicated reports from four airplanes; another entry at 0430 lists an added report from [redacted] in [redacted] Bonanza. [redacted] looked up the registration of the four airplanes, which were as follows:

[redacted] Aircraft Company, Kansas City, Mo; found to have changed name to [redacted] Aircraft

Sales, sold plane to [redacted] Service, which sold plane to [redacted] Corp, Davenport, Iowa, but damaged before delivery, repaired it and sold to [redacted] Corp. in St. Paul where it was found and [redacted] located. Cessna 310.

[redacted]: Not listed in registry, but by elimination is probably the Cessna 172 flown by [redacted]

Twin Bonanza, owned by [redacted] Aviation, Washington, Pennsylvania. Pilot, [redacted]

Type not determined, owned by University of [redacted] based at Anoka County Airport,

Telephone [redacted] (unlisted number).

Piloted by [redacted] accompanied by girl friend.

Duevel's home address: [redacted] Street, Minneapolis, Minn., Phone [redacted]

Now at Army Camp for six months.


- page 35 -

Text found in the document:

Directions which are
apparently best established

MANITOBA
Winnipeg

ONTARIO

Roseau
Holt
Thief
River
Falls

MINNESOTA

Duluth

WISCONSIN
St. Paul
Minneapolis

Rochester
Waukesha VOR

Madison

Milwaukee
Waukesha

Rockford

IOWA

ILLINOIS


- page 36 -

August 16, 1966
Mansfield, Ohio
44905

Air Force,
Wright Patterson Air Field,
Dayton, Ohio

Attention: UFO Department

Dear Sirs:

A U.F.O. was just observed between 11:20 and 11:50 P.M. August 16, 1966 at my home.

The U.F.O. was generally a brilliant yellow light moving slowly from south-west to north-east. Movements were erratic. "It" would stop, then proceed. It would move to the right or left. It would glow very brightly at times, then dim to almost insignificance.

The night was very clear. I have observed satellites many times, but this was not a satellite or a balloon. It was self-illuminating.

Due to the wooded section where I live, we could only follow its path (overhead) for150 degrees before it dropped behind trees. It was very high in the sky. Unfortunately, I did not take the necessary procedures to calculate its height! Since on me! I live done research on U.F.O.'s for more than ten years.

Those who observed it were: [redacted] in the Air Force and his two parents from Ecuador, [redacted] Mansfield Ave., Mansfield, Ohio, and people and I would appreciate an explanation of the UFO.

Objectively,
Dan B. Haber

Copy to NICAP


- page 37 -

Mansfield, Ohio
44903

Air Force,
Wright Patterson Air Field,
Dayton, Ohio

Attention: UFO Department

[There is also a postmark stamp that reads: MANSFIELD AUG 17 PM 1968 OHIO]


- page 38 -

NORTH CENTRAL UNITED STATES
16 AUGUST 1966

At approximately 2245 CDT, 16 August 1966 an "unidentified flying object" was observed in the northern sky. Four occupants of one car reported that after seeing an object that began to whirl and change colors, heading toward their car, they turned the car in the opposite direction and drove away. The object appeared to rise up from behind the woods and after a pause began to ascend once more. Object was reported to vary in size from that of a full moon to that of a football field with blue, green, and faint red whirling lights turning to a definite blue-green as the object came closer. At one time, it appeared that a hazy green funnel went down from the object to the ground. As the object rose from the woods the brightness was compared to an early morning sun and gave off so much light it blinded the observer's eyes. It seemed that the object was coming toward the earth at a tremendous rate of speed.

The alleged UFO was also observed by a private pilot as he was approaching Madison, Wisconsin. To this observer, the object changed shapes from moon shaped to oval and finally to an elongated 'V' or boomerang shape. The pilot was flying at approximately 165 knots and the object was keeping pace with him. Other aircraft pilots reported similar sightings with very consistent descriptions.

Still other witnesses reported a green luminous object varying in size, that appeared to have exploded and faded in a haze. There was basically no movement of the alleged object as it slowly disappeared from view. In another instance the object dissolved into streaks of light before vanishing.


- page 39 -

CONCLUSIONS

After considering the available information it was concluded that some type of unusual upper atmospheric phenomena had occurred. Contact was made with NASA in regards to any type of upper atmospheric research project that was currently underway at Fort Churchill in Manitoba, Canada.

It was learned that on 16 August 1966, German and American scientists were participating in several experiments over the Fort Churchill area. At 2239 CET there was a rocket that departed the Fort Churchill launch area and reached an altitude of approximately 250 miles. Shortly before reaching the altitude, there was a barium cloud release into the atmosphere. The artificial cloud first appeared with a brilliant red color followed by and ending with a greenish-blue.

Primary objective of the experiment was to obtain measurements of electric fields and wind motion in the upper atmosphere by photographing and tracking the movement of the ionized barium clouds. The phenomena was visible for several hours and for hundreds of miles depending on the altitude of the sighting.

It is Project Blue Book's conclusion, after a careful evaluation of the available data, that this barium cloud release was the cause of the sightings. As the cloud was expanding it would have definitely seemed as if it were approaching the observer at a tremendous rate of speed. Being about 600 miles to the north from the one aircraft sighting, it would have appeared to pace the aircraft as the pilot so stated; this is a natural feeling when something is quite distant and visible to the naked eye.

2


- page 40 -

FTD (TDSTR) LC
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
29 August 1966

Duluth, Minnesota 55811

Dear 

Reference your unidentified observation of 17 August 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient
for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD
Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 41 -

