The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record form with various fields filled out.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 27 May 1966 - 28/0355Z
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: SE
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (AIRCRAFT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object appeared just as a white light that appeared to be traveling much faster than a jet. Object just faded out of sight.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a filled-out U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire. 

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will be used for statistical purposes only. It will not be used as a basis for any claims, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information for that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
2 6 65
Day Month Year

2. Time of day: 
5 30
Hour Minutes
(Circle One): A.M.  or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Daylight Saving c. Central d. Mountain e. Pacific f. Other _______

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address
City or Town State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
10 Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? _____
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ___ No ___

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT 
a. Bright a. Bright
b. Partly Cloudy b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 52 164 This form supersedes FTD 144, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?*
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Fog, mist, or light rain
f. Moderate or heavy rain
g. Snow
h. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[no text]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharp
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off sparks? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book with a questionnaire-style format. 

Text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Faded out

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) YES / NO / DON'T KNOW. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) YES / NO / DON'T KNOW. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound 
b. Color white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other.

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In the open country-side? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other.

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest. 24.2 How fast were you moving? _______________ miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No, b. Sun glasses Yes No, c. Windshield Yes No, d. Window glass Yes No, e. Binoculars Yes No, f. Telescope Yes No, g. Theodolite Yes No, h. Other.

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch diagram, but no actual photograph. The sketch diagram appears to be part of a questionnaire or form related to reporting UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form, containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

1. WE ATHER: 28/10/2002 1000/10/10 2007 
03002 1000/10/12 1606
04002 1-0/12 1106
05002 1-0/12 1106

2. WINDS: 28/10002 
5m 28/10
10m 33/10
15m 32/15 
20m 29/15
30m 21.50
40m 21.55
50m 24.25

- page 8 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, containing only text.

CONTENTS OF PREPARING OFFICIAL

Civil Aircraft were arriving and departing Port Columbus airport on the date/ time assistant. Descriptions and directions of sighting the in with civil aircraft approaching Port Columbus.

JAMES D. BALLARD
CAPT. USAF

- page 9 -

