There is no photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, containing text information about an observation of an unidentified object.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 28 March 66 29/01052 
2. LOCATION Kettering, Ohio
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 10 Minutes 
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visio
7. COURSE --
8. PHOTOS No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No
10. CONCLUSION Satellite (PEGASUS II)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS Object was a star only moving faster than a jet. Object was observed for ten minutes moving towards the southeast. It was as bright as a bright star and fading.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements that you make, and that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 30 March 1966
2. Time of day: 7:20 Hour Minute
3. Time Zone: b. Central
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near [REDACTED]
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? c. Not very sure
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY Bright
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? b. To your left

FTD CGC 22 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

The text from the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight, pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Text is handwritten and not clearly legible]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change in brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with various questions and text fields for the witness to fill out.

NORTH
South 0
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No, it did not.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes @ Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes @ Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color Bright white
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Object's angular size: 10-20 degrees
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire with various questions about an unidentified object sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)      Yes      No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One)      Yes      No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest  
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One)      Yes      No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    (Yes)    (No)
b. Sun glasses    Yes    (No) 
c. Windshield    Yes    (No)
d. Window glass    Yes    (No)
e. Binoculars    Yes    (No)
f. Telescope    Yes    (No)
g. Theodolite    Yes    (No) 
h. Other ____________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image contains a photograph. The image shows a compass and a diagram with instructions related to observing unidentified flying objects. There is no text visible in the image that I can extract.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the document 1966-03-8681216-Kettering-Ohio.pdf7.txt.

Having been instructed not to identify or name any humans in the image, I will describe the content as follows:

The page contains a form with several questions, including:
- Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
- Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? 
- If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
- Please list their names and addresses.
- Please give the following information about yourself: name, address, telephone number, age, sex.
- When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

The form has been filled out by a witness, providing details about the sighting and the witness themselves. The text has been redacted to remove any identifying information about the individuals involved.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a form-like layout containing questions and blank spaces for responses.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 4 - 12 - 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a letter dated April 4, 1966 addressed to a Mr. Millbrook of Kettering, Ohio from the Chief of Project Blue Book, Major Hector Quintanilla Jr. of the USAF. The letter thanks Mr. Millbrook for reporting his unidentified observation on March 30, 1966 and states that Project Blue Book has received the information.

The text in the document is as follows:

PTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
31 March 1966

Dear Mr. Millbrook,

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 30 March 1966. This information has been received at the Project Blue Book office.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

DATED: 4 APR 1966

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from Major Hector Quintanilla, Chief, Project Blue Book, U.S. Air Force, to a witness regarding an unidentified observation reported on March 30, 1966 in Kettering, Ohio.

The text of the letter is as follows:

APR 4 1966

Kettering, Ohio 45440

Dear Miss [redacted],

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 30 March 1966. The information which you have received in not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PID Form 5 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

DATED 31 Mar 66

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Forces as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
22 MAR 66

2. Time of day: 20 Hours 05 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? CRESTLINE, OHIO KETTERING

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Minutes
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a form with questions and answers.

CONTENT OF THE TEXT IN THE DOCUMENT:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes (Circle One) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: Yes

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
Yes (Circle One) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: No

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 
b. Color: Light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match stick. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/4

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
DRAWING: FLYING DISC/CIRCULAR CRAFT

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form for witnesses to fill out regarding their observations of the stars, moon, and weather conditions at the time they saw an unidentified object.

The text from the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8-1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8-2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
_______________________________________________________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (N) Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes (N) Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes (N) Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes (N) Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes (N) Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes (N) Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes (N) Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes (N) Don't know

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book report document. The page contains a questionnaire with multiple choice and short answer questions about the witness's observation of the unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 15,000-20,000 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____ 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane, e. At sea, f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In the open countryside?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?, g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest. 24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No, b. Sun glasses Yes No, c. Windshield Yes No, d. Window glass Yes No, e. Binoculars Yes No, f. Telescope Yes No, g. Theodolite Yes No, h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 14 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from a document that contains sketches and instructions related to observing and reporting on unidentified flying objects.

OCR output:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90

60

30

15

0

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. 

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
WIFE
DAUGHTEF
SOIV

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] Street, [REDACTED] City, [REDACTED] Zone, [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] 
AGE: 50
SEX: M
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record form.

30 March 66 30/2300Z
Civilian
One
10 Minutes
Ground-Visual
S to N
None

Observer noticed object traveling from South to North moving in a zig-zag motion. Object appeared as a transparent balloon with a bright star.
SATELLITE

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document related to an unidentified observation reported on March 30, 1966 in Kettering, Ohio.

Text transcription:

PFD (TDEW) 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
31 March 1966

Kettering, Ohio 45440
Dear Miss Coleman, 

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 30 March 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient to evaluate the observation. Request you complete the attached PID form and return to this office.  

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

J. HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 18 -

