The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10273 RECORD
1. DATE: 12 Dec 65 GROUP: 4/03/52
2. LOCATION: Beachwood, New Jersey
3. SOURCE: UFO SIGHTINGS
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: -
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
7. COURSE: -
8. P.O.JOB: -
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Aircraft (possible)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observers noted two separate objects during a 20 minute period. One of the objects had a flashing red light and the other two bright silver-colored objects flew in the opposite direction. The two bright objects that were flashing red moved much faster and was out of sight long before the first two objects.
The description is consistent with that of an aircraft observation.

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document of a typed letter.

December 6 1956

Dear Sir:

On the third of December I sighted what I think was a U.F.O.

I am 16 an wright this report after much deliberation.

I live in Beachwood New Jersey.I sighted the U.F.O.s

On Saturday evening December third at about 10:55 p.m. we believe we sighted the U.F.O.s. The time was 10:55 p.m. and we sighted at first what we thought was an airplane it was moving very fast and went up and down, back and forth for about two miles then it darted straight up and toward the east. It was about the size of a star and was shining quite brightly. We probably wouldn't have thought anything of it, but for two more appeared. These were headed north toward the ocean direction from which the first one came. They were slightly smaller than the first one. They were bright in color and were moving very fast. They would stop then go. They were going to fast. They stopped once then continued north until they were out of sight.

I hope I haven't wasted your time. And I hope that this report is helpful.

Sincerely Yours,
Beachwood New Jersey

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter dated April 6, 1957, addressed to "Hector Quintanilla Jr., Major, USAF" from a person whose name has been redacted. The letter discusses the sighting of three unidentified objects in the sky on the night of December 7, and the writer's willingness to provide any additional information that may be of interest.

April 6, 1957

Hector Quintanilla Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project BLUE BOOK
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Dear sir,

On the night of December 7, I sighted three unidentified objects in the sky. I reported them to your officer and I completed and filled out a form and returned it to you.

In what I believe to be the interests of your Air Force scientific findings, and in order to make certain that you may have all the data necessary to properly evaluate this sighting, I am still interested in this matter and would like to know if you found out anything more after I returned the form.

I would appreciate any information you could tell me about my sighting. Thank you for your time.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]
Beachwood N.J. 08722

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

MAY 23 1967

Dear Mr. _________,

Reference your recent letter requesting Air Force conclusions on your sighting of December 3, 1966.

Although a positive identification has not been made, the description you provided is consistent with the bare of an unidentified flying object sighted over the Lakehurst Naval Air Station. It is continually engaged in air training exercises and both pilots and ground crews at the station have sighted similar objects on numerous occasions. 

Again, I want to stress that we are unable to make a positive identification, but after detailed study, it does appear aircraft could have been responsible for the sighting. Thank you for your cooperation in this matter.

Sincerely,

GEORGE J. FREEMAN, JR. 
Col. USAF
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire about unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared to obtain as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be kept confidential. We request that you do not discuss your answers, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 3 - 25 - 66 
2. Time of day: 10 : 50 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Beach at Beachwood, Ocean County, N.J.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 Minutes
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimate
   5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky?
   a. DAY b. Bright c. Hazy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. To your rear e. Don't remember

The text in the document has been fully transcribed.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out by a witness.

The text found in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. A few
b. Many
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Full
b. Crescent
c. Don't remember - pitch dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: ___ Appeared to be many times brighter than a common light _____

12. The edges of the object were:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a high star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES / NO / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES / NO / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES / NO / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? YES / NO / Don't know
e. Change brightness? YES / NO / Don't know
f. Change shape? YES / NO / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? YES / NO / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? YES / NO / Don't know

- page 6 -

The image contains a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph included in this particular page. 

Transcribing the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It appeared to disappear over the trees.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of anything at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Made a buzzing sound
b. Color Bright white or silvery color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
It looked about the size of the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. and specifically show what trail or vapor trails, if any. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
No distinct or clear image, just a bright lights was seen.

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     YES     NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Approx. 1000 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)     YES     NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approx. 500 ft

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At an airbase
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying in an aircraft?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     b. Northeast     c. East     d. Southeast     e. South     f. Southwest     g. West     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?  miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)     YES     NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars     (YES)     (NO)
b. Sun glasses     (YES)     (NO)
c. Windshield     (YES)     (NO)
d. Window glass     (YES)     (NO)
e. Telescope     (YES)     (NO)
f. Theodolite     (YES)     (NO)
g. Other

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Looking like two silver balls or chrome colored balloons, moving erratically like two silvery balls bouncing.

- page 8 -

The image contains a diagram with a compass and drawings related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation. There is no photograph in this particular page of the document.

TEXT OUTPUT FROM OCR:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the survey line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you fear you saw the object. 

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

flew away very fast 
(estimated)

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the document with the filename "1966-12-8278815-Beachwood-NewJersey.pdf10.txt".

Here is the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  
YES  No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES  No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Beachwood N.J.  

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name, First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street, Beachwood, N.J. Zone Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE 36  SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
4/17/73 Junior high school

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Dec  Month 7/66  Reported to Project Blue Book

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a UFO report, with handwritten text.

The text in the document says:

"The first one, that was flashing, moved out about around static after that. It moved the other then the set for two. I saw the move that was flashing, came from the same spot into the sky."

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on official Project Blue Book letterhead.

POST/USFO
UFO Observation, 3 December 1966
Beachwood, New Jersey 08722
Dear Mr. ____:
Reference your unidentified observation of 3 December 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Please complete the attached AFD Form 16c1 and return it at your convenience.
We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
Sincerely,
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
1 Atch
AFD Form 16c1

- page 12 -

