The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is titled "Project Blue Book Record" and contains various fields such as "Date - Time Group", "Location", "Conclusion", "Number of Objects", "Length of Observation", "Type of Observation", "Course", "Photos", and "Physical Evidence". The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 13 74 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
NOV 66 2330Z
2. LOCATION
Mineral Wells, Virginia 
3. SOURCE 
Civilian
10. CONCLUSION
(Some) INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 
2 Hours
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
Varied
8. PHOTOS
0 Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
0 Yes

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a scanned document with handwritten text.

U.F.O. Report
Information relative to a U.F.O. sighting
Name : Max C. Jett
Address: Mineral Wells, West Virginia 
Reporting Date: November 8, 1966
Time: 7:50 P.M.
Duration: 5-7 Minutes
Description: Bright circular object in the sky moving very rapidly. It was seen by a number of people and they described it as brighter and much larger than a star.
Telephone: GL 9-0383  CR 9-3394  CR 9-3354
Dt : same regards to reporting person who stated
his UFO experience is of an unusal nature, as sighting was very close, object seemed to have a light of its own and was seen by a number of residents in this area. This person also stated that the object was observed for some time, and was watched as it manueved and changed its course. It was also reported that the object exhibited no sound. This person seemed to be reliable and sincere in his reporting. No verification as to accuracy of report.

 1730 Howler - 58 Model H 3
 2.20 Howler
Records show: Norman Teeters, Frank Whipporpore, Norman Teeter.

S/ were helpful as Stan B___ was informed, of report for IFFS. His reaction was to check for recent UFO's in this case. He stated, "No previous reports have been made in the case."

Major Warren Lo Landingham

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report discussing an encounter between a salesman and a "spaceman" or "space visitor".

LOOK HUMAN
Salesman Chats
With Space Visitor
PARKERSBURG, W. VA. (UP) - With police and Air Force representative listening, Woodrow Derenberger, a tire salesman, told of his alleged meeting with a "man from outer space" who he said he talks to several times a week.
However, the "spaceman" did not show up, according to Derenberger, because, he said, the salesman had not complied with the "spaceman's" request to "take me home."
Derenberger, the salesman and father of two, told a strange story of his encounter with the "spaceman" while he was driving home from Marietta, O., on Interstate 77, Tuesday evening.
Derenberger said the "spaceman" communicated with him telepathically and was about six feet tall, with black hair and a ruddy complexion. He described the "spaceman" as about 40 years old "by our standards" and said the "spaceman" told him he was from a different "world."
DERENBERGER SAID the side of the UFO then opened up and a "door" appeared. The "spaceman" then invited Derenberger to enter for a 10-minute conversation, he said, the salesman continued through and his lips were closed in a tight line as if he did not want to discuss what was said.
He described the "spaceman" as about six feet tall, with black hair and a ruddy complexion. He said the "spaceman" told him he was about 40 years old "by our standards" and from a different "world."

- page 3 -

