Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK

1. DATE-TIME GROUP
1 Sept 66    07/52

2. LOCATION
Willsboro, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Unidentified

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watch an oval shaped object with lights travel slowly toward the western sky. Noise was heard when the object came close. Object disappeared downward the noise was heard. The object disappeared vertically, communication was poor. Appeared several times later. The object was cold not so determined. The color was not so determined. Occasionally blue.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
westward

The description is several ways is like an astronomical observation, not a lone factor about abolishing such as weather balloon.

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FTD SP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Unidentified.

Exmuth.
Devon.
G.B.

Dear Sir's,

Thank you for your letter of 1st Dec. I have filled in the form and am returning it herewith.

I hope there is sufficient detail, but if you require any further information I would be pleased to give it, except I would rather leave the other people who saw the object anonymous.

Yours Sincerely,

[Signature and name are redacted/blacked out]


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
1st September 1966
Day     Month     Year

2. Time of day: 02 45
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard
NEW YORK STATE
(Precisely Eastern Saving)

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Willsboro Farm (near lake) Willsboro N.Y.
Nearest Postal Address           City or Town     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Approx. 30
Hours    Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Wrist - watch

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes     No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. in front of you     d. To your left
             b. in back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 64 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other not clear with naked eye

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   Once   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
i) Vertically down wards quite fast and disappeared a few minutes later ii) Seemed to me disappeared as first time but was not seen to rise again.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes [No] Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: _______ Since would seem when it went out of sight both times it might have been behind something.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes [No] Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Similar to a heavy distant engine, quite quiet, turning over slowly
b. Color - Actual color could not be seen but light flashing mainly red

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
about 5 %
diameter of match head 3/5 mm.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Rough sketch of shape:
[A hand-drawn oval/elliptical shape]

Position when
lights came from
could not be determined, seemed to be from all over.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 4 to 5,000 m.p.h. at times

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 4 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One:)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an irregular, wavy-edged object is included in the bottom of the page]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
Approx AT TREES
TREES
Water

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
There were five other people, but I prefer to leave their names unnamed.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS EXMOUTH, Decon Great Britain
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 19   SEX NM.F.

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
1st   September   1966   03:15 AM Plattsburgh Press.
Day   Month       Year   Time     To Whom


- page 8 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Noise: Was louder when it came towards us and when moving fast. When disappearing, diminutive it was quieter and made no noise when not in sight.

Heating Lights: Blew very warm when over or near witnesses. Blew over water and came inland, stayed over first some area and disappeared for several times. We waited for it to come again five about twenty minutes after it disappeared but neither saw nor heard anything more after we had seen it for about ten minutes, etc. Nearest I (about half way from us to the UFO) was seen to have lights switched on and off. There was a car first seen going in the direction of the object.

This land where the object was close was Digman Point, opposite Burlington Vermont, by Lake Champlain.


- page 9 -

20330

NOV 1 1966

Dear Mr.
This is in reply to your letter of September 13 regarding your unidentified flying object sighting. Please excuse our delay in replying to your letter; a very backlog of correspondence has precluded a prompt reply to your inquiry.

Unfortunately, with the information provided in your letter, we are unable to positively identify what you observed on September 1, 1956. There were no UFO reports from the Lake Champlain area submitted to the Project Blue Book office.

I am enclosing PFD Form 164 which is used in making UFO reports to the Air Force. If you would like to complete this form and re-submit your information, we will then attempt to make an evaluation.

Thank you for your letter; your interest in our program is appreciated.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FREEMAN, JR.
1st Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachment
PFD Form 164

Exmouth, Devon, Great Britain


- page 10 -

