The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document related to the United States Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 23/0452Z LOCATION Spring Valley, Ohio
2. SOURCE C. Wilcoxon
3. MILITARY CONCLUSION Astro (moon) p\ng observed for several minutes.
4. NATURE OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Full moon on 23 Sept 66
6. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS Observer for two nights saw a strange object in the sky. The object was yellowish-bright and seemed to be rotating and dimming again. The second time the object looked like the moon, but there was a dark wide band bulging on one side. On both occasions the witness did not have sufficient elevation or discrimination to determine if the object was in front of the sun or the moon (full). On both occasions the witness did not have sufficient elevation or discrimination to determine if the object was in front of the sun or the moon (full).
7. CONCLUDED EVALUATION Ground-Visual. Course erratic, changed direction and altitude.
8. YES
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE None
10. NO

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, likely related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can. The information you give will be handled in confidence and will not be associated with any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?  
September, 9, 66

2. Time of day: 
11:33
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.  

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain 
d. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Spring Valley, Ohio

5. How long was object in sight? (Time Duration)
Hours 5 Minutes 3o Seconds

a. Certain
b. Nearly certain
c. Not very sure 
d. Uncertain

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
By the watch on his left hand

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: Cloudy
NIGHT: Not applicable

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To back of you
c. To your right 
d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

This form supersedes FTD OCT 62 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form for reporting UFO sightings.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Full moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. Crescent, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Luminous, c. Transparent, d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. About the same, c. Dimmer, d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Sharp or bright star, c. Other, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know, b. Move slowly? Yes / No / Don't know, c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know, d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know, e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know, f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know, g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
We watched it disappear.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? 
Yes, it moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes, it moved in front of a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - It was a pale grayish-white color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the match is covered by the head or the end of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The object would have covered approximately 1/8 or 1/4 of the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place on arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The object appeared similar to a saucer shape, with a metallic-like surface. It had no visible appendages or exhaust trails. The object moved in a horizontal direction.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
We watched it disappear.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one:)  Yes  No  Don't Know  IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
It moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one:) Yes No  Don't Know  IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
It moved in front of a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound - None
b. Color - It was a pale grayish-white color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the match is covered by the head or the end of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The object would have covered approximately 1/8 or 1/4 of the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place on arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
It appeared similar to a saucer shape, with a metallic-like surface. It had no visible appendages or exhaust trails. The object moved in a horizontal direction.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions and checkboxes.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Approximately 1500 mph.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approximately 1/2 mile away.
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. From a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other 
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country? d. Near an airport? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? approximately 60 miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses (Yes) No b. Sunglasses Yes No c. Binoculars Yes No d. Telescope Yes No e. Windshield Yes No f. Window glass Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which placed up in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you observed.

The handwritten text in the image describes the estimated speed, distance, location, and other details about the observed UFO object, as captured in the Project Blue Book report form.

- page 5 -

The image contains a diagram showing an angular profile of an object or objects tracking across the sky, with a compass rose diagram below it. There is no photograph present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "C" on the curved line to show the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

OCR Output:
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.  ( I have before j t e s of daucuats) nssion tos of flsshtne objeot. seen last )
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)     Yes       (No)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)           Yes        No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:       Last Name          First Name         Middle Name
ADDRESS:    Street                    City            State
TELEPHONE NUMBER:                     AGE: 40       SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Asic,i:Lteit.Loirio.wf o i-c- Lhe .,.4r..:rl_ fj.- r c,1., 45 i.;lv ::'::i',.:,r1.- :y.itc_v th -t(
Day
Month 2 ,
Year 19 4.4. ,,

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text output from the page is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 10 November 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Possible sighting of a missile or unidentified object. No conclusive evidence to determine exact nature of object observed. Insufficient data available on observed object to make a positive identification.

- page 8 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, which includes text describing a sighting of several unidentified objects in Spring Valley, Ohio.

Sightings in latter 3-p 66

Mrs. [REDACTED] of Spring Valley, Ohio, reported several unidentified objects in the latter part of September. She stated that she decided to report her sighting because she might be receiving in the newspaper or similar media information about similar sightings in her area at that time. Therefore, she decided that she would like to report her sighting. There was no photograph or other evidence provided with this report.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document, specifically a questionnaire related to unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you provide may be used in connection with any other statements or conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 24 September 1966
2. Time of day: 10:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? MEYRING RD AND STATE ROUTE 3, SPRING VALLEY, OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Minutes: 3 to 5
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: Clear b. NIGHT: Clear 
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): e. Don't remember

FTD FORM 657 92 1964 This form supersede* PTD 644, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the witness's observations of the object, the weather conditions, and the object's behavior.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. Few c. Average d. Many
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull, hazy moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Calm b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Stationary b. Moving

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same brightness

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Sharp, distinct b. Clearly outlined c. Blurred d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up or slow down? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke or fire? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash on and disappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text output from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No, I did not see it disappear.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) YES NO (Don't know) If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
No

16. Did the object move in front of anything at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) YES NO (Don't know) If you answered YES, then tell what:
No

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - It made no sound at all.
b. Color - Light gray, fading to a very faint, almost black, rapidly flashing through.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the match stick the object covers. If you had performed this experiment at the time, what would your estimate have been?
(A very small part about 1/3 of the match stick would have been covered.)

19. Draw a sketch that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any data or details of the object that you saw, such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please show the position of your eye or eyes with reference to the direction in which the object was moving.
[Hand-drawn sketch of unidentified object]

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ---------------------------

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ---------------------------

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) f. Other --------------------------------

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country-side? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Where over open country?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.4 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses (Yes) No b. Sun glasses (Yes) No c. Binoculars (Yes) No d. Window glass (Yes) No e. Theodolite (Yes) No f. Telescope (Yes) No g. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: It appeared to large, brighter than ; the moon and moved ferly fast as i was driving

- page 13 -

The image contains a sketch that appears to be part of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The sketch includes a compass-like illustration and instructions for the viewer to imagine the sighting of a high object above the horizon and indicate its direction and position on the compass. However, the image does not contain any photographs or images of the reported UFO sighting.

Regarding the text in the document, the OCR output is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a cross on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw the object.

SSO 75" 80" 85 90" 95" 100*

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. Stayed in the one position the entire time.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
C. / 3, 15 6£ at 11 :30 p.M.
Valley, Ohio

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS
Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Reported on SEE ATTACHED STATEMENT _ of October 1966 to BLUE BOOK at Wright-Patterson AFB and was associated with the event.
Day Month Year

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 22 November 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire is as narrative explanation of your sighting:

This incident occurred on Sept 22, 1964. I made a general sighting of an object which I would say was approximately 20 ft in diameter, glowing a deep red and following a westerly course at approximately 1000 ft above the ground. The object remained in view for approximately 3 minutes and was witnessed by several people in the area. As I watched the object, it made a sharp turn to the north and accelerated to a very high rate of speed, disappearing from view in a matter of seconds. The object gave the impression of solid metal construction and appeared to be under intelligent control. There were no visible means of propulsion nor did it display any external lights or appendages. I was unable to determine the exact size or altitude, but it was clearly visible to the naked eye and was not an aircraft, missile, or any known aerial vehicle. The experience left a vivid and lasting impression, increasing an already strong interest in the UFO phenomenon on my part. I would be most interested in any findings or analysis of this sighting if available.

- page 16 -

