The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record form from the Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
March 66
2. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Unknown
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Unknown
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Unknown
7. COURSE
Unknown
8. PHOTOS
None 
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None
10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Call from USAF Concern: Persons gave us a name and address to get in touch with witness. They had no details of the sighting. Form 164 sent and returned for the reason of incorrect address.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with instructions and diagrams.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

This document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely an investigative report about a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31.1) If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

Mrs. RUTH JONES, 310 WEST WINSTON AVENUE, 
ANAHEIM, CALIFORNIA

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
LAST NAME: [REDACTED] 
FIRST NAME: [REDACTED]
MIDDLE NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
STREET: [REDACTED]
CITY: [REDACTED]
ZONE: [REDACTED]
STATE: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 10
SEX: [REDACTED]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Unable to read any additional handwritten text in the image.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
3-7-66
Day Month Year

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a form that has several questions and response fields. The text on the page is:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2 Feb 1960

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter on a Project Blue Book document from Hector Quintanilla, Jr. Major, USAF, Chief, Project Blue Book, addressed to a correspondent in Sanford Springs, Connecticut.

The text of the letter is as follows:

Stanford Springs, Connecticut 06076

Dear Sir,

Reference your recent letter addressed to the Smithsonian Institution, Washington, D.C., regarding an unidentified object information in your letter. The information is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete and return AFSD Form 164, and return it in the envelope provided.

We are also forwarding a copy of "Project Blue Book" which describes the Air Force's program on unidentified flying objects. We hope that you will find this becoming interesting.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

The text in the document is as follows:

SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

APR - 6 1966

Stafford Springs, Connecticut 06076

Dear [redacted],

Your recent communication addressed to the Smithsonian Institution, Washington, D.C. has been referred for attention to:

United States Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Any further correspondence with regard to this subject should be sent directly to the address above.

Sincerely yours,

Helena M. Weiss
Registrar

Subject: Seeks information on flying objects resembling flying saucer.

Date: 3/26/66

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Based on the image, the text found is as follows:

SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20560
Official Business

United States Air Force 
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

- page 7 -

The image contains a handwritten text describing an observation of a sighting of an unidentified flying object. The image does not contain a photograph, only the handwritten text.

Text from the document:

Smithsonian Investigation
of Astronomical Research
Dear Miss
it have # seen sailing
in the sky
it looks like a flying
saucer. The color is
grayish. Smithsonian
Investigation March 26, 1966

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text.

Silver oblong, green and that.  got a bright silver an airplane is the shape of the disco of a dish that turns it is pound at the top it is round it is making a dish that turns thing

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows handwritten text on a document, which appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

Here is the text from the document, as if processed by an OCR system:

If you are so kind, please write and tell my friend florence shultz and it is so.
Sincerely.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document, possibly a report or correspondence related to Project Blue Book.

The text in the document reads:

Smith, Kittie
Constantine of Astronaut Research Washington D.C.
060808

Report Spring Commnutant

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
31 March 1966

Anaheim, California

Reference your recent unidentified observation in March 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document containing text. I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document and provide the output.

Smithsonianr onstitution Research Resort
March 26, 1966
Im lentific constant. Unformation
of astronomical Observations.
Dear Sirs:

This has been seen in the sky
over Anaheim, California and was
observed isy the signer of the report.
The object is described as follows:
It looks like a flying saucer with a
thin dome on top and a light on the
bottom. It moved quite rapidly and
silently. This occurd about 10:30 P.M.
on March 25, 1966. Please let me know
if you can provide any information on
this object or phenomenon.

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a handwritten document. It does not contain any photographs.

Silver orange green
and silver-like shiny,
and that it does not
go straight to the top
it has tilt to the shape
of the glider start at
the bottom of the
dish in shape that turns

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten note or document. The text in the document reads:

You who are so kind please write and tell my friend Shirley and I of so.

Sincerely,
Josette Peanvine

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing handwritten text.

The text in the document reads:

Smith Howard
Consultation of Astronaut
Research Washington, D.C.
06069
8519--455
Typed Printing

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was an official U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
March 30, 1966

Dear [redacted],

In order to assist you in reporting observations of unidentified flying objects to the Air Force, in order for the Air Force to evaluate these reports, this form should be completed as fully as possible and returned to this office.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
SARA HUNT
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Atch 
UFD Form 14

[Redacted]
Anaheim, Calif.

- page 17 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text:

Anelise Cosby

Manfiat flat on it. s
t the othe sight
or sayp ing of the oggs crown
ing
d a 3o
23 2

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
1. March 66 01/13OZ
3. SOURCE
Civilians
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
SE to NW
8. PHOTOS
D Yes  X No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
X Yes  No
10. CONCLUSION
Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted light in the sky. Object appeared to be silver, orange, green, and white in color. Observer not certain of conditions in the sky. Object remained in sight for 30 minutes. White both night and daylight conditions existed during the sighting. During the last few minutes the sighting appears to be that of a satellite.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire regarding unidentified aerial phenomena. The form is designed to collect information about sightings of unidentified objects, including details about the time, location, duration, and characteristics of the sighting.

Text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
   December 19, 1966

2. Time of day: 6:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
   Nearest Postal Address: 3320 Cerritos Avenue
   City or Town: Anaheim
   State or County: California

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   a. Certain ____ b. Fairly certain ____ c. Not very sure 2 minutes d. Just a guess ____

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ____  No ✓

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   a. DAY: a. Bright b. Hazy c. Cloudy
   b. NIGHT: a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Overcast

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out by a witness.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:
(Handwritten note)

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: 
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? 
b. Suddenly speed up or slow down at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 21 -

The image contains a photograph or sketch depicting a UFO sighting report. The document appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, with various questions and responses related to the sighting.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (YES) NO__ Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (YES) NO__ Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: buzzing sound
b. Color: silver, shiny, glossy, and bright

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? About the size of a match head or silluette.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness regarding a UFO sighting.

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
 about 3 miles per hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
 Approximately 200 to 300 yards

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes  No
b. Sun glasses     Yes  No
c. Windshield     Yes  No
d. Window glass   Yes  No
e. Binoculars     Yes  No
f. Telescope      Yes  No
g. Theodolite     Yes  No
h. Other         Yes  No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
 A bright star or a bright satellite with a relatively slow rate of travel.

- page 23 -

