PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: [Date appears to be partially illegible]

2. LOCATION: Ann Arbor, Michigan

3. SOURCE: [Illegible]

10. CONCLUSION: Insufficient Data
Without directional and weather data, a solution is not possible

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Saw Unid Fltg Obj. approx 50 ft. in diameter. Observer sighted an olive drab obj. when the obj. was accelerating. The observer saw a curve trail and heard a whirling sound. The obj. had a waffle iron pattern on the surface and had green, blue, and white lights around the base. The observer saw the obj. on 17 MAR, 21 MAR, and 13 JUN 66. His car radio went dead on all 3 occasions

NOTE: observer considered reliable

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [No box checked]
6. PHOTOS: [No box checked]

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-620 (TDE) - Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 1ST COMBAT SUPPORT GROUP (ADC)
SELFRIDGE AIR FORCE BASE, MICHIGAN 48045

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 10BOT

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Object (UFO)

TO: AFSC (FTD)

The following report of a UFO is furnished in the format outlined in paragraph 14, AFR 200-2:

a. Description of the Object:
   (1) Shape: Round, flat, with bulge on top
   (2) Size: Approximately 50 feet in diameter
   (3) Color: Olive drab or brown
   (4) Number: One in all cases
   (5) Formation: N/A
   (6) Any discernible features or details: Waffle iron pattern of surface, no undercarriage of any kind.
   (7) Tail, trail, or exhaust including size of same compared to size of object: Slight exhaust or smoke trail when accelerating.
   (8) Sound; if heard, describe sound: Whistling sound when accelerating.
   (9) Other pertinent or unusual features: Blue, green, white lights around base of object and car radio went dead on all three occasions.

b. Description of Course of Object:
   (1) What first called attention of observer to object:
       First Observation: Lights first seen, then flying and hovering over center of Milan, Michigan at 200'.
       Second Observation: Lights observed flying approximately 40' above vehicle.
       Third Observation: Lights first seen.

   (2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed:
       First: 45°
       Second: Straight up
       Third: 45°


- page 2 -

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance:
Unknown

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object:
First: Object tipped laterally when accelerating.
Second: Object swung from side to side.
Third: Object landed at intersection straight down, took off again in a climbing flight path such as an airplane taking off.

(5) How did object disappear:
First: Slowly flew northeast.
Second: Went straight up.
Third: Flew off to southeast.

(6) How long was object visible:
First: One hour and 30 minutes.
Second: Ten or fifteen minutes.
Third: Two or three minutes.

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Ground-visual
(2) Optical aids - None
(3) N/A

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) First: 0700Z, 17 Mar 66
Second: 0930Z, 21 Mar 66
Third: 0525Z, 13 Jun 66

(2) Light conditions: Night all three times.

e. Location of Observer:
First: Center of Milan, Michigan.
Second: Southwest section of Milan, Michigan
Third: Northeast section of Milan, Michigan

f. Identifying Information on Observer:
Civilian                 Police Officer, considered reliable.

2


- page 3 -

g. Weather and Winds:

(1) Reporting individual indicated weather was clear, visibility unlimited.

(2) thru (7) not available at this time.

h. Unknown.

i. Interception or identification action taken:
First and Second: None
Third: Observer attempted to approach by car with spotlight on object. Object flew away.

j. Unknown.

k. Position title of preparing officer: Major Raymond W. Nyls, Base Disaster Control Officer and Assistant Base Operations Officer. Comments:
The object seen appears to be of unknown origin. Its shape and size conform basically to other alleged sighting reported in papers and magazines over the past years. Beyond this hypotheses there is no evidence to support further identity of the object other than the information given by the observer.

1. None

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of] R. L. BROKAW, Major, USAF
Chief, Base Operations and Training Division

3


- page 4 -

