The image does not contain a photograph. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
9 NOV 66 - 2400CST HIBBING, MINNESOTA
3. SOURCE 
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE 
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
up and down
8. PHOTOS
NONE
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
NONE
10. CONCLUSION
Other (Confusing data)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers reported an object with red and flashing lights. The object was observed low on the horizon. The object appeared larger than a star but smaller than a plane. An aircraft could have accounted for the sight, but the data is somewhat confusing.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
N/O

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
HITTING MINN

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED] 
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 14 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Project Blue Book
day: [REDACTED]
Month: [REDACTED]
Year: [REDACTED]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that is part of Project Blue Book. The page consists of a form with questions, but the form is blank and does not contain any text or information.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 12 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Based on the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) of the text in the document, the output is as follows:

TEDAY/UFO
UFO OBSERVATION, 6 November 1966 15 December 1966

Hibbing, Minnesota 55746
Dear Mr. 

Reference your unidentified observation of 6 November 1966. The information contained in your letter has been made available for evaluation. As indicated, we wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document from Project Blue Book, which was the official U.S. Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Project Blue Book Information Office
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

My brother & I to something funny. Sunday night we were on a road in the Staples Lake. It was a clear, moonless night with few stars. We came to the top of the hill and noticed something hovering over an old farm about a quarter mile off the road. It was shaped like a bright star. We drove closer to get a better look and it seemed to grow larger and brighter. Don't know what it was, because it disappeared at high speed. We travel a lot but have never seen anything like this before. Don't you wish you could look into the matter? Guess it was just someone playing tricks with a spotlight or something. However, you never know about these things.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document with handwritten text.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

went below horizontal 30 70 90 50 
information.- We took a
A flash in the sky was seen happening at approximately 10:30 pm in the evening on August 7, 1966, at Hibbing, Minnesota. 
I saw the flash of light out of the corner of my eye and remarked about the information. My daughter happened to be looking out the window at the same time and also saw the flash of light.
Frank Gowin

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire form used to gather information about a reported UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please do not discuss this case with anyone else. The information you give may be classified as "confidential". We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 6 Nov 1966
2. Time of day: 7:30 P.M. (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): Eastern Central Mountain Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object?  HIBBING, MN
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 0 Minutes 2 (Circle One): Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: A. Clear B. Partly Cloudy C. Hazy
NIGHT: A. Clear B. Partly Cloudy C. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): A. In front of you B. To your right C. To your left D. Behind you

FTD OCT 63 164 This form supersedes FTD 143, Jul 31, which is obsolete.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. None
b. Fewer
c. More
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry - mist, or light rain
b. Moderate or heavy rain
c. Snow
d. Don't remember

10. The object's appearance was: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Move slowly at any time?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. None
b. Fewer
c. More
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry - mist, or light rain
b. Moderate or heavy rain
c. Snow
d. Don't remember

10. The object's appearance was: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Move slowly at any time?
d. Give off smoke? 
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will proceed to output all the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of this object? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 520 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor, on the ground
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over the country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North East South West
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses YES NO
b. Sun glasses YES NO
c. Windshield YES NO
d. Window glass YES NO

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object or objects you saw. A BRIG + +LLIANT WHYTEISH LIGL-IT GIVING THE APPEARANCE OF A FLASHING STAR WITH LIGHTNING73 

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the Project Blue Book document. The image shows a form with questions and spaces for handwritten responses.

Transcribing the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Disappeared behind the horizon

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Red with a glow. Very bright.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil length in line with a known object such as the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 5 feet

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the parts of the object that you saw such as wings, protuberances, etc., and especially exhaust traits or vapor trails. Please draw the picture rapidly to show the direction in which the object was moving.

- page 10 -

The image contains a sketch rather than a photograph. The sketch depicts an object in the sky, with lines indicating its position and movement. There is also a compass-like illustration in the top right corner.

27. In the following sketch, I imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the survey that shows how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same survey to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 11 -

