PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE-TIME GROUP
23 June 66   24/0140Z

2. LOCATION
Hamburg, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft (possible)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-4 minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers noted a red colored object coming from the
western sky. The observers heard no sound at any
time during the observation. The object appeared to
turn and back up. The witnesses compared the object
to an automobile tail light.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Northward

The description is consistent with that of an aircraft
observation.

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
(TD XFAA 10-320 (TDE))


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

FTD (TEST) 26
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
6 September 1966

Hamburg, New York 14075

Dear

Reference your unidentified observation of 23 June 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient
for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FMD
Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 2 -

Here's the text I can read from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Partially filled in, but mostly illegible]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
[Text appears to be handwritten but is mostly illegible due to poor image quality]

Page 7 is visible in the top right corner of the document.


- page 3 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[Most of this response is illegible due to black redaction]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Names and addresses are redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
[Last Name, First Name, Middle Name are all redacted]

ADDRESS
[Street, City, Zone, State are mostly redacted]

TELEPHONE NUMBER   AGE   SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[This section is blank]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Day, Month, Year sections are partially filled out but mostly illegible]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [partially illegible text]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5 1/2 miles away

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ______miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other [partially illegible text]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Text in this section is partially illegible]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response partially illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   [x] No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
[No additional text]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   [x] No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:
[No additional text]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound [Handwritten response partially illegible]
b. Color [Handwritten response partially illegible]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[A checkmark is present]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch is present with some lines and arrows]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Day
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a disc, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text, partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharp - outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other:
[Handwritten text, partially illegible]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 8 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
23   June   1966
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day:    9    40
                Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Handwritten location is blacked out]
Nearest Postal Address           City or Town            State or County

5. How long was object in sight? Total Duration
                                Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? [Handwritten text partially illegible]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. Condition of the sky:
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you       e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, 1 JUL 61, which is obsolete.


- page 9 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of some trees or foliage, positioned in the bottom right quadrant of an otherwise blank white page. The photograph looks somewhat grainy or low contrast.


- page 10 -

This case contains 1, 3¼" photo.


- page 11 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

1st line (partially legible): "...a steady light..."
2nd line (partially legible): "...thinking and very held..."
3rd line: "Uneasily"

"Mrs." (with a black redaction over the name)

"Telephone no." (with a black redaction over the number)

Last lines (partially legible): "...new R. Paige..." and "...Byfield"

Some text is illegible or obscured by black redaction marks.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

not for several nights afterwards it was seeming that startling game coming toward me when I tried to sleep. I shall never have again

The only reason I can account for it might have been the fact most of the night light was low, it was late at night close to the deck, the people on the east who were facing this way - they might have thought it would be field

If anyone is interested I should be glad to state


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

... yes we were watching
it. Their son said he will
be a senior in High School
this year and here was
coming from the West and
had called his mother
further who had come out-
side and were watching it.

They thought they could see
a bright turn from it
or at least turned to take
off the west disappeared
and then was a glow
of light going to report
that as a new activity
in sight at the reports
these objects and desire
there was this was
quite a startling experience
- you think I shall see
... and what is there

Note: Some words are partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document, so the transcription may not be 100% complete.


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

I was just glancing at my
mail when I saw something
to the effect you are so
well covered I helped around
went around the home
and at that a maneuver and
yet so fast backing up and
suddenly turned and as
the point out of a gun at
disappeared to the north
there seemed to be over
making me though I had
just to save of certainly
would have seen too long
space at all
of stood there after it
had gone thinking for me
when out myself at sea it
was out of head. Come are telling
me I called as well as I
could. Did you see that?
me now twice two houses were


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

read in a about 15 minutes
read starting in a moment a
the city building a
very brilliant red light
similar color and
brilliance to an automobile
tail light about 2 to 3
feet in diameter caught
my eye. I was not facing
the direction but the
side of me was to the
matter at hand. I then
went to the court so we
if it was stationary. It was
stationary. Coming toward
the windows of the land
and Paul "what are you
doing in our backyard?"
at that he seemed to
pause in space and
turned, the window to
started to move. It then


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Top left corner]
5/9/66

Headquarters 2135 CG
Dayton, Ohio
Field Site

I am 61 years old
married and living at the
above address. I am
enclosing a picture now
that I paid in the following
incident to wit:

On the night of June 23 66
at approx 10 o'clock p.m.
I was out in my backyard
picking out the back of our home
by a relatively dense near
low tree under which I
was 5 ft high and at a view
point from the floor. Thus
I was facing the back
yard - looking at the
newspaper and held there

[Note: There is a black redaction bar at the top of the document]


- page 17 -

