PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 30 March 66 30/2145

2. LOCATION: Wall Township, New Jersey (1 Witness)

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: Southerly

8. PHOTOS: XYes, No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes, No

10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION ✓ yrs4

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer noted saucer shaped object that came out of the clouds and leveled off and stopped in mid-air. It sounded like an airplane at first. A loud whistling and humming sound. The object came from the south and after pausing for a while, made a "V" turn and sped off again in a southerly direction.

Without essential data such as camera data and focal length and distance to object, further analysis is not warrented.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

TDEW/Major Quintanilla/TO916

UFO Sighting, 30 March 1966

Civil Defense and Disaster Control Organization
County of Monmouth
Hall of Records
Attn: Frank L. Wilgus, Coordinator

1. Reference your letter of 16 May 1966 regarding the unidentified observation and photographs of _________. Additional information is needed to make an accurate photo analysis.

a. Focal Length - which of the two settings was used
b. Type Camera - who was the lens manufacturer

2. Upon completion of analysis we will return the negatives to your office.

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR:
TDEW/UFO                                 MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR
                                          DATED 28 JUN 66

TDEW                                     DATED 29 JUN 66


- page 2 -

Civil Defense and Disaster Control Organization
County of Monmouth
Hall of Records
Freehold, New Jersey 07728

July 1, 1966

Col. Eric T. de Jonckheere,
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems,
Foreign Technology Division,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. 45433

Att: Major Quintanilla/ 70916

Sirs,

In regard to the unidentified observation and photographs of Wall Township, N.J., I believe I sent you all the information I had.

Your question of which focal length was used: Two focal lengths - 1-15 ft., and 15-ft. to infinity. The 15 ft. to infinity length was used.

On the type camera - This is an 88-cent edition of the PALA. Uses 120 film.
Kodak film was used.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
Coordinator

Deputy Coordinators:
Harold J. Rowland
Neptune City, N. J.
Raymond Van Derhoof Sr.
Englishtown, N. J.
Leonard A. Mack
Fair Haven, N. J.
Arthur Van Buskirk
Keyport, N. J.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

ENGINEERING SUPPORT WORK REQUEST

[Checkboxes for: ENGINEERING ANALYSIS, PHOTO ANALYSIS, MACHINE COMPUTATION]

PPT NUMBER: 46010301

DESCRIPTION OF WORK:
Request analysis of the attached photographs and negatives
as to that unidentified object seen by b. Complete analysis
is necessary due to the newspaper publicity given the sighting.
(30 March 1966, West Belmar, New Jersey sighting)

REFERENCE MATERIAL: Eight (8) negatives; Five (5) 8"x10" prints, with remarks on
back; eight (8) 8" x 10" prints; Correspondence on sighting;
newspaper clipping. Impres. sil material returned upon
completion of analysis.

REQUESTED BY: [Signature/Name partially illegible] SYMBOL [illegible] PHONE [partially illegible]

[Standard form text about authorization and priority]

PRIORITY: 30 Jun 66
DEADLINE DATE: [blank]
SIGNATURE OF APPROVING DIVISION CHIEF: [blank]
DATE: [blank]

[Bottom section for Final Work Monitoring with various checkboxes]

FORM TD SEP 64 462 [Note at bottom indicating previous edition may be used]


- page 4 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 66-30                                                PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES
                                                        DATE OF REPORT 28 July 1966

SUBJECT     UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT ANALYSIS
LOCATION    WALL TOWNSHIP, NEW JERSEY                   DATE 30 March 1966

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF:                                   IR:                                   QUALITY:

Eight negatives, five 3½" x 3½" prints, and eight 8" x 10" prints

1. PURPOSE: This report is written for Major H. Quintanilla, Jr., TDEW, in answer to Work Order Number 66-66 requesting additional analysis be performed as to what the unidentified object may be. Results of previous analysis were reported in Photo Analysis Report 66-25.

2. ANALYSIS: Photo Analysis Report 66-25 stated that information necessary for a more detailed analysis would include local length of the camera lens. Due to having only the focus position settings available, a check was made of local sources to determine the local length, and primarily made of this camera was a cheap make, not for sale on the open market, and primarily made for premium distribution. A camera of this type would normally use standardized parts and probably have a focal length of approximately 3 inches.

3. Assuming an approximate 3 inch focal length, several sizes were computed for selected ranges between 10 feet and 1 mile. The only range available from the observer is found on the back of one of his original prints with comments, annotated #2. The comment is as follows:

"....I'd say it was about a quarter of a mile up."

The range of 1320 feet reflects this estimate. Photograph #2 was used for these calculations as it is the only one with an estimated range available. The results were as follows:

Observer estimated range - 1320 feet - diameter 52.8 feet
at range of - 10 feet - diameter .2 feet
at range of - 15 feet - diameter .6 feet
at range of - 20 feet - diameter .8 feet
at range of - 50 feet - diameter 2 feet
at range of - 100 feet - diameter 4 feet
at range of - 5280 feet - diameter 211 feet

4. Further analysis would require reliable estimates of distance from camera to object (range) for each photograph and exact focal length of the camera.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:                                     APPROVED BY:

CHARLES A. BURTON                                      RICHARD L. CHANCE
Intelligence Research Specialist                       Captain, USAF
                                                       Chief, Photo Analysis Division

                                                       WILBER PRICE, JR.
                                                       Director, Photo Exploitation Dire.

ITD FORM
APR 62 132


- page 5 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT                NR 66-25
                                                PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES
                                                DATE OF REPORT 10 June 1965

SUBJECT     UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT ANALYSIS
LOCATION    WALL TOWNSHIP, NEW JERSEY           DATE 30 March 1966

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF          IR                                 QUALITY

P NRS       Eight negatives, five 3½" x 3½" prints, and eight 8" x 10" prints

1. PURPOSE: This report is written for Major H. Quintanilla, TDEV/UFO, in answer to Work
Order Number 66-57 requesting analysis as to what the unidentified object may be.

2. ANALYSIS: Analysis was conducted jointly by the Photo Analysis Division, TDDPA, and the
Photo Processing Division, TDDPP.

3. The object which appears in 4 of the sequence of 8 photographs, appears to be circular
in design and to have a domed type upper surface. A cylindrical object protrudes from the
upper surface. The image upon the camera being a cheap type, appears to be correct in that the film
L. Wright, as to the camera being of a cheap type, was not held tight against the back of the camera.
tampering with the negative or multiple exposure.

4. Information necessary for a more detailed analysis would include focal length of the camera
and lens data. With the local length available, the image could be sized using the distance
from camera to object (range) provided by the photographer. The measurements would be accurate
in proportion to the accuracy of the range data.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:                             APPROVED BY:

[Signature of Charles A. Burton]                [Signature of Richard L. Chance]
CHARLES A. BURTON                              RICHARD L. CHANCE
Lt., USAF                                      Capt., USAF
Photo Interpreter                              Chief, Photo Analysis Division

[Signature of Wilber Price, Jr.]
WILBER PRICE, JR.
Director,
Photo Exploitation Directorate


- page 6 -

Civil Defense and Disaster Control Organization
Commonwealth of New Jersey
Hall of Records
Freehold, New Jersey 07728

JOSEPH C. IRWIN
Director
FRANK L. WILGUS
Coordinator

Deputy Coordinators
HAROLD J. ROWLAND
Neptune City, N. J.
RAYMOND VAN DERHOEF SR.
Englishtown, N. J.
LEONARD A. MACK
Fair Haven, N. J.
ARTHUR VAN BUSKIRK
Keyport, N. J.

May 16, 1966

Major Hector Quintanilla,
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Foreign Technology Division,
Dayton, Ohio.

Dear Major,

As per our telephone conversation of Friday, May 13, I am sending you all the information I have on this reported UFO.
I have no personal comment on its being right or wrong, but at the behest of authorities at Fort Monmouth, N.J., I am sending it all to you.

In regard to your questions:
1. The $1.00 camera used has two positions, under 15 feet and from 15 feet to infinity.
2. The UFO was first seen, he says, at about 3,000 feet. Then dropped down to about 600 to 750 feet.
3. The inexpensive camera has no F stops, only a spring-operated shutter.
4. It uses 120 film, kodak, and the film was developed locally.
5. The camera is a Pala, or something like that. Not a standard make.

I hope this will help you. I would appreciate your returning the film, if at all possible.

Sincerely,
Frank L. Wilgus
Coordinator


- page 7 -

THE DAILY REGISTER (NEW JERSEY) 12 MAY 1966

OUTER SPACE VISITOR? — In the circle is a saucer-shaped object which had hovered over 13-year-old Robert J. Salvo, off Wall Township, March 30, he said. He was taking pictures of his Collie dog, Lassie, when this appeared and he snapped the picture. Superimposed on photo is picture of Me-youth with his camera, ready for a return visit.

Sights 'Saucer,' Snaps Same

WALL TOWNSHIP — A 13-year-old West Belmar boy, who hopes some day to be a cameraman, may have lined a saucer-shaped object from another plane. Because the camera was hanging from his neck, he looked around and saw nothing unusual.

It was about 4:30 p.m. Tuesday, when his mother and older sister, who were busy packing away the last of household goods, and headed for the attic, his inexpensive Kodak camera hanging from his neck.

"I was taking some pictures," he said yesterday, "when suddenly Lassie began to bark. I looked around and saw nothing."

He thinks he saw a window in the black dome. The base appeared shiny and was reflecting the sun, he said.

From his shelter behind a hill, he said he took five pictures, but only three came out.

"My hands were shaking," he said. The object remained visible for about 10 minutes before it sped off, he added.

Sent Photos
His mother, Mrs. Elsie Salvo, added that she did not see it but told her son to send the pictures and a letter to the county Civil Defense office if he was sincere about his story. He did.

His sister, Miss De Salvo, added that she had seen an object hovering before, this that was flashing blue, red and white lights. Neighbors, with her, also saw it, she said.

The colorful lights were tear-shaped and bunched together, forming an oblong or flattened circle, she said.

Both said they were well familiar with airplane lights but this was different.

"I was frightened that night," she recalled, "and slept on the couch." She could not remember how high it was. It flew from an east to west direction, she said.

8th Grader
Young Robert is a sixth grade pupil in the Wall Central school. Like most boys, he has a model airplane hobby.

He also is interested in the space program and has a model Gemini rocket in his room. After seeing this object, he has subscribed to a flying saucer magazine to learn more about them.

When the letter and pictures were received by the Monmouth County Civil Defense and Disaster Control Coffee, Freehold, they were referred to Army authorities at Fort Monmouth.

The agencies indicated no touching. Frank L. Wilgus, county CD communications, said, he said that the pictures were thoroughly examined before the story was made public.

Neither the Army nor Mr. Wilgus commented on the object when the report was released yesterday.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

ASBURY PARK EVENING PRESS (NEW JERSEY) 13 May 1966

Robert Salvo, 13, of Wall Township, the boy who photographed an unidentified flying object, tries his camera on his collie, Lossie. (Press Photo)

USED 88-CENT CAMERA

Army Sends Wall Boy's UFO Shots to Air Force

FT. MONMOUTH - A spokesman said yesterday that the Army had examined reports of an unidentified flying object a 13-year-old Wall Township boy said he took with a 88-cent camera March 30.

The spokesman denied some published reports that the boy had examined pictures of the object. Salvo said he hovered over him for 10 minutes and was taking pictures in Wall Township.

"I thought my friends were playing a joke on me," Robert said. "I never see one again," he said. "My friends think I'm crazy."

He said he took the five pictures of the UFO with the small plastic camera his mother bought him. He said he took the film to a local store which sent them away for development. Three of the UFO shots turned out, he said.

He said he thought his friends were playing a joke "because they know I like space." At first, he said, he was taking pictures of his dog, Lassie, and his house on Ramshoe drive just before moving to his present address.

"It made a humming noise," he said, "and it was like a bullet." He said the object looked like a revolving conning tower in the center.

Robert's older sister, Diane, wrote a letter and sent the pictures to Frank L. Wilgus, Monmouth County director of the Civil Defense and Disaster Control.

Mr. Wilgus said he told officials here about the pictures and the letter, but said he received no further inquiry from the Army. After getting Robert's permission, he released the pictures to newspapers Tuesday.

Release Issued
A press release issued with the pictures said: "The pictures show: UFO SHOTS Page 21

UFO SHOTS
From Page 1
and Robert's report were referred to Army authorities at Ft. Monmouth by the county CD unit, and for his reason, the story was not released until today.

Mr. Wilgus said he received the pictures April 19 and officials here acknowledged receiving a telephone call from him April 20.

"When he called on this thing it was already three weeks old," the Army spokesman said. "Our security office called him back several times to check it out further but couldn't get him," he said.

"The Army has nothing to do with UFOs," the spokesman said. "That's all under the Air Force." He said because we alleged sitting was three weeks old, the Army security office did not refer the report to 1st Army headquarters, which in turn would have notified the Air Force.

"The pictures were not forwarded to Ft. Monmouth," the spokesman said.

Mr. Wilgus confirmed that the pictures were not sent to the Army. He said the word "referred" in the press release "can be interpreted many ways." Some newspapers interpreted it as meaning the Army had examined the photographs.

Negatives Checked
Mr. Wilgus said the identification bureau of the county sheriff's office examined the negatives and concluded they had not been tampered with.

"The Army spokesman said after the pictures are picked up from Mr. Wilgus they will be sent to the Foreign Technology Division at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio, where UFO sightings are investigated.

Meanwhile, a local organization - UFO ALERT Group would like to make its own investigation. The group, formed about two months ago, would like to examine the photographs and negatives before they go to the Air Force.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

LONG BRANCH DAILY RECORD, LONG BRANCH, NEW JERSEY, THURSDAY, 12 MAY 1966

FLYING SAUCER? — Lens pointed upward, 13-year-old Robert J. Salvo of
Wall Twp. snapped this photo recently. He said he was attracted by a "loud
whistling, humming noise" and saw this object diving out of a cloud, hover
over him and then shoot back into the clouds.

Flying Saucer Seen in Wall Twp.?
See It Yourself Through Boy's Lens

WALL TWP. — Flying Saucers in Wall Twp? That was the report from 13-year old Robert J. Salvo, of 1128 Curtis avenue. Robert wanted to show his section to their new address and the area.

"Suddenly," he said, "I heard a loud whistling, humming noise and thought it might be a plane. Then I looked up in the sky, which was partially cloudy that day, and saw something diving out of a cloud, then over me like a bullet."

In his letter, Robert told Frank L. Wilgus, county CD coordinator, that he was walking his dog on Remsbern drive when George Mueller, gravel pit, Brielle, his family was going to move from some pictures of the object. The pictures and Robert's report were referred to Army authorities at Ft. Monmouth by the County CD director, and for this reason the story was not released until today.

Robert said his sister was with him and they are anxious to have someone's estimate what it was, but so far no one seems to know.

A check of the negatives sent in by Robert fail to show any retouching, and the pictures were examined thoroughly before being released to the newspapers, Wilgus said.

The image shows a blurry black and white photograph of what appears to be a dark object in a cloudy sky.


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

NEWARK EVENING NEWS, NEW JERSEY EDITION, 12 May 1966, Thursday

Ft. Monmouth Mum on 'Saucer' Photo
Wall Twp. Boy, 13,
Has Picture

By LADLEY K. PEARSON
Staff Correspondent
WALL TOWNSHIP — Remember in March when Jersey skies was "invaded" by the "flying saucer" and just about everyone kept one eye to the sky?

Well, a 13-year-old boy took some pictures of one, he says. Yesterday, the Army at Ft. Monmouth and the Monmouth County Civil Defense released the photos of a "flying saucer" taken on March 30 by Robert J. Salvo of 112 Curtis Ave.

THE YOUTH said he was walking his dog along Ramshort Drive near the George Mueller travel pit, here when suddenly, he said, "I heard a loud whistling, humming noise and thought it might be a plane.

"Then I looked up in the sky, wanting down as if watching something, and saw something diving out of a cloud, then over me and it was pointing down as if watching me.

"It then shot back in the clouds like a bullet," the youth said. He quickly took some pictures of it as it disappeared into the clouds.

HIGH FLYER—Photo taken by a 13-year-old Wall Township boy walking his dog last March purports to be a flying saucer. The youth showed the photo taken yesterday. The Army has not commented on the identity of the UFO.

The youth prepared a report and submitted it along with the photographs negatives to Frank L. Wilgus, county civil defense coordinator.

WILGUS TURNED the photographs over to Army authorities, who held them until yesterday.

Wilgus said an examination of the negatives failed to show any retouching. "We thought it might be a garbage can lid, or the top of a coffee pot, but it does look like the thing was going in the clouds.

"And what 13-year-old kid can throw anything into the clouds?" he asked.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

20330

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Your letter to the Foreign Technology Division at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base forwarding a UFO report and negatives has been referred to this office for reply. Project Blue Book, the Air Force UFO program, has evaluated the photographs taken by Mr. [redacted] and we would appreciate your returning them to Mr. [redacted].

Information necessary for a more detailed analysis would include focal length of the camera and lens data. Due to having only the focus position setting available, a check was made of local sources to determine the focal length. We found no such camera, but a camera of this type would normally use standardized parts and probably have a focal length of approximately three inches. Assuming a three inch focal length and a range of approximately 130 feet, the alleged object would have an approximate diameter of 52.8 feet. This is not a reliable figure in view of the several assumptions made.

Further analysis would require reliable estimates of distance from camera to object (range) for each photograph and exact focal length of the camera.

In view of the foregoing, we have placed your report in our Insufficient Data category. Reports categorized such as this are those for which one or more elements of information essential for evaluation are missing.

Thank you for your interest in our program.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments

Mr. [redacted]
Control Organization
Freehold, New Jersey 07728


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

ASBURY PARK EVENING PRESS, Thurs., May 12, 1966 - 11

FLYING SAUCER—Robert J. Salvo, 13, of 1128 Curtis Ave., Wall Township, told Monmouth County Civil Defense and Disaster Control Organization he took this picture of an unidentified flying object near his home. The boy said the object made a "loud whistling, humming noise" and "pointed down as if watching me." He added the object disappeared into the clouds after several minutes. County Civil Defense officials released the picture yesterday.


- page 13 -

This case contains 12
8"x10" photos and 1, 4x5"
negative.


- page 14 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a small dark object (possibly a UFO or aircraft) positioned near the top center of the image, against a light background with significant visual noise or distortion.


- page 15 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The rest of the page appears to be a low-quality, grainy black and white photograph with varying shades of gray and white, but the text is clearly legible.


- page 16 -

Dec. 6, 1968.

Hydes has borrowed a duplicate
of this photo. IT looks to be
a good example of a fake. Photo qual
5-5-5 a real image - but of about 1-

[Signature appears to be "Hhydes" or similar]


- page 17 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a low-quality, grayscale photograph with significant graininess and contrast variations. The details are difficult to discern due to the poor image quality.


- page 18 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a very low quality, grainy black and white photograph or document scan with significant visual noise and distortion. No clear details can be discerned from the image itself.


- page 19 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a landscape with a field or open ground in the foreground and a treeline with bare winter trees in the background. The photograph is grainy and has some visual artifacts typical of older photographic reproduction techniques.


- page 20 -

Text found on the document:

Top of page:
METEOROLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

Bottom of page:
UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a landscape with a field or ground area in the foreground and a line of bare trees in the background against a light sky. The photograph looks somewhat grainy or low contrast, typical of older photographic documentation.


- page 21 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

[The rest of the page appears to be a very low quality, grainy black and white photograph or document with indistinct details]

UNCLASSIFIED

5 [handwritten in the bottom right corner]


- page 22 -

April 14, 1966

Dear Sirs:

These pictures were taken
March 30, 1966 off Ramabown
Drive at the GEO. Mueller
Gravel Pits in Allentown.
I was out there walking
my dog and had a
camera with me.

I was taking picture of
the pond and the home
we were living in at the
time. As we were moving
the next day to 21 Salem.
Suddenly, I heard
a loud whistling humming
noise and then 11:45


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

30 Ma 66

"and this is the location on the

marker of war o war"

"Arrow"


- page 24 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

[The number "4" is written in the bottom right corner of the page]

The image appears to be a grainy black and white photograph with clouds or smoke-like formations and a dark horizon or landscape at the bottom of the image.


- page 25 -

Text found in the document:

30 Mar 66

This is the word that it came out of

now


- page 26 -

The text I can see on this document is:

UNCLASSIFIED (appears at top and bottom of the page)

The image appears to be a grainy black and white photograph showing a landscape with some clouds and a horizon line, but the details are quite blurry and indistinct due to the poor image quality.


- page 27 -

The text I can clearly read on this document is:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED (appears twice, at top and bottom of page)

The rest of the document appears to be a very low quality, grainy black and white image that is largely illegible.


- page 28 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a low-quality, grayscale photograph with significant graininess and blurriness, making details difficult to discern. The image seems to have varying shades of gray and black, with lighter areas in the center and darker areas around the edges.


- page 29 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a cloudy or smoky sky with a landscape or horizon visible at the bottom of the image. The photograph is grainy and has low contrast.


- page 30 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

TDETR /Maj H Quintanilla, Jr/70916/mas/1 Nov 66
UFO Sighting, 30 March 1966

Hq USAF (SAFOIS)

1. Reference the attached UFO report and negatives which were forwarded to our office by the Civil Defense and Disaster Control Organization, Freehold, New Jersey. The photographs are the property of Mr. [redacted], however, it is suggested that they be returned to Mr. [redacted] and that he forward them to Mr. [redacted].

2. Information necessary for a more detailed analysis would include focal length of the camera and lens data. Due to having only the focus position settings available, a check was made of local sources to determine the focal length. This revealed only that the camera was a cheap make, not for sale on the open market, and primarily made for premium distributions. A camera of this type would normally use standard portrait and probably have a focal length of approximately three inches. Assuming an approximately three inch focal length, several sizes were computed for selected ranges between ten ft. and one mile. The only range available from the observer is found on the back of one of his original prints with comments. A range of approximately 1320 feet results. This estimate is used for calculation purposes then the alleged object would have an approximate diameter of 52.8 ft. Further analysis would require reliable estimates of distance from camera to object (range) for each photograph and exact focal length of the camera.

FOR THE COMMANDER

LOUIS DE GOES, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Correspondence, photos & 
negatives on sighting
30 March 1966

COORDINATION

TDETR/MAJ QUINTANILLA, JR                 DATE 7 Nov 66

[Signature]                                DATE 1 Nov 66
TDET


- page 31 -

Here is the text from the document:

might be a plane.
Slow slotted up in the
sky which was partially
cloudy that day.
I saw something about
out of a cloud then
how one might it
was pointed down so I
watched me.
After then shot back in
the clouds like a bullet.
I was quick enough to
think to take some pictures
of it.
Thus I am enclosing
if you do not think
it is true or not.


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

would you please
send them back
I would appreciate it
because I can not find
the negatives which are
lying around the house
misplaced.

Sincerely,

P.S. Jan 13 years
old
P.S. found the negatives


- page 33 -

ENGINEERING SUPPORT WORK REQUEST

[Checkboxes for: ENGINEERING ANALYSIS, PHOTO ANALYSIS, MACHINE COMPUTATION]

PPT NUMBER: A5102112

DESCRIPTION OF WORK: Request a additional analysis be performed on the attached photographs as to what the unidentified object may be. Additional information has been received in this sighting as so requested. Complete analysis is necessary due to the newspaper publicity given the sighting.

(30 March 1966, West Belmar, New Jersey sighting)

REFERENCE MATERIAL: Eight (8) centimeters; five (5) 8"x10" prints, with remarks on back; eight (8) 3" x 10" prints; Correspondence on sighting; newspaper clippings. Request all material be returned upon completion of analysis.

[Sections for REQUESTED BY, SYMBOL, and PHONE are partially illegible]

[Bottom of form includes sections for:
- Certification of work authorization
- Priority and deadline tracking
- Final work form selection
- Work request approval]


- page 34 -

Here is the text from the document:

West Belmar, N.J.

Civil Defense Winter Control
of County of Monmouth

Dear Sirs,

Thank you for your reply to my letter containing pictures of U.F.O.

My sister wrote the letter for me and maybe she got my name wrong.

My name is [redacted] not [redacted]

You have my permission
to refer the projects to
the Newspapers or anyone who


- page 35 -

Here is the text from the document:

2.

can help tell us what
they are as my sister
said them also and heard
weird stories over her
automobile and we both
want to hear what they
are.

Thank you,
[redacted]

Wall Central High School
West Belmar, N.J.


- page 36 -

