The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record form.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 11 April 66 11/07/002
2. LOCATION: Shaprsville, Pennsylvania (2 Witness)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 1/4 Hours
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Slightly to the South
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (MOON)

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text.

Text in the image:
Thought Pattern 4283
Wgte. Ohio. 
Major Frelon Daunellane jr. 
Sir:
In everything that I have made or learned in the sight of the U.S.O.s, I can'teven see the pattern and seem to whatever the object was or what Haywood had me so soon in the say on the 11th of April, at Kittanning, Pa.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. I have produced the text found in the document as follows:

"Everything was wild that night. A strange object was in the sky. I think it was about 3 miles off. The light was very dim and flickering in brightness. It moved rapidly from side to side at a strange angel and the light seemed to get brighter at times. Then suddenly it appeared to climb rapidly straight up and disappeared. It seemed to cover great distances in very short spans of time. The object was not in sight for more than 2 or 3 minutes.

Date. From this witness, "There were no sounds coming from the object that I could hear. Approximate size of the object was about 5 to 6 inches in diameter. Color, a dull white, appeared to change at times. Time approximately 9:15 PM. Location, Shaprsville, Pennsylvania."

- page 3 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs or visual elements. It consists solely of handwritten text.

Text transcription:
For years the scientist were on this count and many of them now on the science of sanalse certain any information, it would be greatly appreciated so.

Sincerely

- page 4 -

The image appears to contain a hand-drawn sketch or diagram, rather than a photograph. The diagram shows a simple drawing of what looks like a plant or vegetation, with the measurements "13.5.64" and "15.35 WT" written below it.

1966-04-7101059-Shaprsville-Pennsylvania.pdf5.txt

There is no further text in the image provided. The OCR output would simply be the measurements and text visible in the diagram.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire for individuals who have observed an unidentified flying object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications that may result from this personal information so that it is deemed necessary. We may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 11 APR 1966 
2. Time of day: 2:05 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M. 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? SHAPRSVILLE, PA
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Minutes 0 Seconds 
   a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? CLOCK
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes _ No X
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One) DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy c. Bright
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. Overhead d. To your left e. To your right f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164  This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire with various questions and answer options related to observed UFO sightings.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light or "craft"
e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, potentially from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or report form with various questions about a UFO sighting.

OCR output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound RO SOUND - CAME NO NOISE
b. Color BRIGHT ORANGE - CAME NO LIGHT OR HEAT

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the observation of a UFO.

Here is the text from the document, produced as an OCR output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ______________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other ______________

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A LITTLE LIKE A PEARL BRIGHT ROUND BRIGHT MORNING

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page includes instructions and diagrams related to reporting UFO sightings.

Textual output:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.
90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°
NW N NE W E SE SW S

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Handwritten sketch]

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

From the text in the document, the OCR output is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[REDACTED]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 35 SEX: F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
May 5 Capt. H.L. Jr, USAF

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically report 1966-04-7101059 from Shaprsville, Pennsylvania.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2 9 APR 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

PERTAINING TO ITEM 13 -- I COULDN'T SEE IT MOVE BUT IT SEEMS TO BE ROUND AND 17 FEET COMING OUT. JUST HOVERING FOR ABOUT 30 SECONDS AND WENT OUT OF SIGHT.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a historical UFO report document, specifically a letter from Project Blue Book regarding an unidentified observation reported on 11 April 1966 in Sharpsville, Pennsylvania.

U (USAF) 
LT. COL. PETERSON AFP, Ohio 453393 
23 APR 1966

Sharpsville, Pennsylvania 16150

Dear Sir,

Reference is your recent unidentified observation of 11 April 1966. The information in your letter of 15 April 1966, was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached ATIC Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 13 -

