There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10023 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
6 DEC 66 2330Z
2. LOCATION
Hopedale, Mass
3. SOURCE
CIVILIAN
10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft (Possible)
7. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
8. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes
9. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Two observers watched a red blinking light travel toward the southern horizon. At first the object appeared to be coming closer. Then it began to move away. The car was stopped for a better view of the UFO. The description of the observation was consistent with that of an aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

Hopedale, Mass.
Dec. 15, 1966  01747

Dear Mr. Hynek,

I am writing this letter because my father and I witnessed a strange phenomena in the sky from our backyard around 8:00 PM on the evening of Dec. 13, 1966.

We were just standing outside looking up at the sky when suddenly a large bright light appeared. It hovered and maneuvered in a strange way and then suddenly shot straight up out of sight. It was a very cold and clear night. It seemed to be about the size of a small plane and was brighter than a star. It didn't seem to make any sound that we could hear. 

We were quite excited and intrigued by what we saw. It lasted probably around a couple of minutes. As near as I can determine it was not a commercial aircraft, satellite, or any ordinary sky phenomena that I am familiar with. I feel certain it was something extraordinary. I would appreciate any comments or information you can give me regarding this incident. A sighting of this nature is very unusual in this area. I hope you can tell me if this was something out of the ordinary or if you have had other similar reports.

Sincerely,
[Signature]

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document with handwritten text that says "on blinking as we stated it".

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

on blinking as we stated it

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a questionnaire filled out about a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be carefully evaluated and may provide valuable data in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? DEC 4, DECEMBER 1966
2. Time of day: 3:30 (Circle One): A.M. P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? HOPEDALE, MASSACHUSETTS
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 00 Hours 00 Minutes 30 Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Overcast d. Hazy e. Night
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. To your back e. Don't remember

FTD FC-TA 164 This form supersedes FTD 106, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. Bright c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Full b. Bright moonlight c. Dull or no moonlight d. No moonlight - pitch dark e. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Comment on any changes in the object: (There was no further text in this field)

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Clearly outlined d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO Don't know c. Break into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know d. Give off smoke? YES NO Don't know e. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know f. Change shape? YES NO Don't know g. Flash or disappear? YES NO Don't know h. Reappear after disappearing? YES NO Don't know

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a series of questions and answers related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The object disappeared at about a close range.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   (NO)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   (NO)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Most silently, it moved slightly.
b. Color Pale, blending into the atmosphere.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Moving to depart

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and answers related to an unidentified flying object sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. In a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. Other ___________

23. Were you (Circle One) a. At work b. In the business section of a city? c. In open country/side? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One) a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Binoculars Yes No c. Telescope Yes No d. Windshield Yes No e. Window glass Yes No f. Theodolite Yes No g. Other ______________________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: 
The object was a spherical craft of unknown nature that moved silently and quickly through the sky. It displayed no unusual markings or lights, and appeared to be hovering or slowly moving across the sky before accelerating rapidly out of sight.

- page 7 -

The image contains a form or worksheet with various instructions and drawings related to a UFO sighting report. There is no photograph present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "X" on the curve: Line to show how high the object was above the horizon. (by-line) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" or the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Hopedale, Massachusetts
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location:
One saucer shaped object with dark colored contours and a small dome on top was observed at 9:30 p.m. on December 27, 1966. It was low in the sky above Hopedale, Mass.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes  No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes  No
31.2 Please list their names.
Hopedale, Massachusetts
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:      FIRST NAME:   MIDDLE NAME: 
ADDRESS: ZIP CODE:        CITY:   Hopedale  STATE: MA
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent. One night on my property a saucer shaped object was observed and it disappeared on me. This was on December 27, 1966.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
DAY: 27  MONTH: DECEMBER  YEAR: 1966  TO: Hopedale, Mass.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 1 Feb 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: If you are sure to want to go, I can give some more interesting details on this case night time sighting. There are several additional details that could be added to this report that were left out, as this handwritten narration is a bit brief and does not cover everything in detail.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Department of the Air Force, specifically the Foreign Technology Division (AFSC), addressed to TDDT/UFO regarding a UFO observation on 1 February 1967 in Hopedale, Massachusetts.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDDT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observations, 1 Dec 66

TO: Hopedale, Massachusetts 01747

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is insufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached PID Form 164 and return it to us for our evaluation of this observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
PID Form 164 w/envelope

- page 11 -

