PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
7 April 1966 08/0230

2. LOCATION
Long Beach, California (1 Witness) ✓

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
17 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Not Reported

8. PHOTOS
0 Yes
✓No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
0 Yes
✓No

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

Essential data is lacking to permit a firm evaluation.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

Observer a youth of 8 years old.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image contains a minimalist black and white sketch of a stylized human figure with an umbrella or cape, drawn in a simple line art style at the bottom of an otherwise blank page.


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
April 66
Month    Year

2. Time of day: 6: 00'    30
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
In my front yard.                Long Beach                Orange, L.A.
Nearest Postal Address           City or Town             State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours       Minutes       17 Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
5.1 How was time in sight determined? I counted
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes        No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                             NIGHT
a. Bright                       a. Bright
b. Cloudy                       b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It went over a hill.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Field   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound     Like a soft siren.
b. Color     Large like steel.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
One Fourth.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a UFO with "wing" written next to it]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to same common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It went over a hill.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ______

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes a field No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ______

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Like a soft siren.
b. Color Looks like steel.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? One fourth.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a UFO with a "wing" label and an arrow indicating movement direction]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
'10'

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS 5                Long Beach                City                Zone        State

TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE 8    SEX Boy

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Red Hair

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
8 6    April 66    45, Air force


- page 8 -

FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
24 June 1966

Long Beach, California 90814

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Reference your unidentified observation of 1 April 1966.
The information in your letter was not sufficient for
evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form
164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 9 -

I saw this U.F.O. ON APRIL
1 1966 AT 6:03 P.M.
In a he-
avy fog.

Picture ON The Back


- page 10 -

