PROJECT 1007S RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
3 Nov 66     4/0310Z

2. LOCATION
Memphis, Tennessee     (1 witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
None Noted

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
None Noted

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

FORM
TD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Memphis, Tennessee

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    TDST/UFO

SUBJECT:    UFO Observation 3 Nov 66

[Address redacted]
Memphis, Tennessee 38117

16 February 1967

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 2 -

Dear Sir,

Until this afternoon, I thought it would not be the case to arrange to listen to me. My account of an experience that happened to me last night will probably be one of the many signs that have fled. Nevertheless, it is true, and I just have to tell someone.

I was sitting at the dining-room table. The first dot was in view, there are two small high windows on the door. Suddenly a flash of light came through these windows. I know it was much too high to have been a car headlights, so it was curious. I opened the front door, and some light just above the roof tops across the street on a side street were two large, bright lights. These three lights were a rising of blue. At first I was startled - the lights were a charge - and I was alone in the house. She told me she looked out - saw lights on top of a house. She wasn't at all sure what those lights, but I was sure. I saw them again to some extent. All I saw was what seemed like lights. Suddenly there was a trembling, a roar, I could hardly breathe up. I just could not believe what I saw...

[Note: The last line is partially cut off and the full text is not completely legible]


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

"craft" of some sort. I was so strongly and its type
was very hard. I didn't see it from the front, or what I supposed would be in line
with. Because it was flying right over
me. It was so close to dark I have
through a rock and hit it. As looks of
us if it were in a little position, and a
the streetlights so could make out its
color. It was a dark. There was no blue
like usual. On the top there were one blue light, and one flashing red
light. I could see nothing inside and craft
that was no lights.

As I was standing there,
watching it go away, my mother-in-law
called, "Do you see something?" I heard
her, but I didn't take my eyes from
the sky. At this time she noticed these
two lights, across the street were gone. It
came out, and we both watched the
craft go out of sight. It was going
direct east. I brought my car facing
home and we both stood out to listen
because we could still hear something.
As we located my direct was back over
the house and was giving it returned
and was much higher and admitted that
my mother was right. The shape. The red
light was still flashing and I watched
it go out of sight.

Between 10 and 10:115 last night, I came in
and got my binoculars, so that I


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

I acted some time ago "motor-like" noise. I went outside and saw what I believe was the same object. All three times, the object was flying east.

That's all I have to say about what happened. Some investigation study the newspaper and the television study about this, I really don't care. I was in hopes that someone else in Memphis saw it. Well probably never know.

Thanks you, sir, for your time. I thought maybe you would be interested in its description. I just wish to know what it was.

In hopes to see no more of them!

Mrs. [redacted]

P.S. I wrote to you because of the story Mr. [redacted] Memphis Business Administrator who came into contact with person or there "space ships". The UFO detail was mentioned. I wanted to tell you about my experience.


- page 5 -

