The image does not contain a photograph, only a document with text.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE AND TIME GROUP  28 Aug/55   1635
2. LOCATION        Raceland, Kentucky
3. CONCLUSION        VALID (VISUAL) 
4. NATURE OF OBJECT  
5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 
6. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECTS 
7. COURSE OF OBSERVATION   On the way the object appeared to slow down and 15 deg
8. DURATION OF OBSERVATION   -------
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
10. CONCLUSION VOICE or WITNESS GAVE THE FOLLOWING ACCOUNT: object was visible for some time and was sighted by several people. The object appeared to be at about 5000 ft altitude and moved in a manner different to any known aircraft. It circled the area and then moved away.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. The document appears to be a report or notes from Project Blue Book, an Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings in the United States during the 1940s and 1950s.

OCR text:

Raceland, Ky.
Dear Sirs:
On the night of April 7, 1966, at approximately 11:00 to 11:15 p.m., I was standing on my front porch facing North when I observed a brilliant light in the northern sky. The light appeared to be oval-shaped and was pulsating. At first it hovered in one spot, then it started slowly moving in an easterly direction. After moving a short distance the light suddenly sped up and took off at a tremendous rate of speed in a northeasterly direction, out of sight in a matter of a few seconds.
I watched the light for several minutes and it appeared to be about the size of a large star. I did not see any apparent structure, just a brilliant light that seemed to be pulsating. The night was clear and the stars were clearly visible. This object was not an airplane, satellite, shooting star, helicopter or any other known object I am familiar with.
I am a 30-year old male, have not had any alcoholic beverage, and have 20/20 vision. I am certain this was a strange and unidentified object in the sky. I believe it was some type of UFO and am reporting it to you in the hope that your organization may be able to explain or identify it.
Please let me know if you have any other questions.
Sincerely yours, 
(Name withheld for privacy)

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. The image shows only handwritten text.

The text on the page is:

Bears investigation this
report. He seemed to be some UFO
over highway for approx.
5 to 10 minutes, about 30 ft off ground. Colored reddish
orangish, shaped like disc, made no noise as it
traveled SE. Had observer not seen it, he said he could
not have described it.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document related to unidentified aerial phenomena. The document contains a questionnaire with various fields for the observer to fill out, such as when the object was seen, where the observer was located, the object's duration in sight, the condition of the sky, and the location of the sun relative to the object during daylight sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can. The information you provide will be treated in confidence. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary; we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? April 28 1966
2. Time of day: 4:15 Hour Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Raceland Ky Nearest town County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? clock 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? Day Bright 
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. To your left e. Don't remember

OCR Output:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can. The information you provide will be treated in confidence. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary; we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? April 28 1966
2. Time of day: 4:15 Hour Minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Raceland Ky Nearest town County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Hours Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? clock
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? Day Bright
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. To your left e. Don't remember

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form for collecting information about a reported UFO sighting.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch-dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or broken clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still or any time?
b. Change speed?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change shape?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Abrupt and no further movement observed.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound Apparent slight sound, like a soft hissing. b. Color Reddish-orange, indistinct, appeared oval-shaped.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

No particular UFO shape - 

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned document page from Project Blue Book. As an optical character recognition (OCR) system, I will now extract all the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ______________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3 - 4 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
(Circle all that apply)
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Binoculars Yes No
c. Sun glasses Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Other Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. a star - slightly bigger & more solid looking

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The image shows a sketched diagram with various angles and compass directions labeled, as well as instructions for a question related to the movement of objects.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely from a sighting in Raceland, Kentucky in 1966.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME Last Name, First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street, Raceland City State ZIP
TELEPHONE NUMBER Area Code Number 
AGE 30 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
2/27/66 State Police

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 Apr 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire is a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The object was stationary - it hovered - and was a bright red object. It had no wings and seemed bigger than a normal aircraft. It sat there in the sky - where there are never any stars - for some time. After awhile it began to wobble and then took off and disappeared. This was the first sighting of any kind for myself. I have not seen anything like this before and was quite surprised at what was there. I glanced at a clock on and watched it until it swerved out of sight. Then it was gone and has not been seen since.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, showing a typed letter.

FTJD (TDEW)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

18 May 1966

Mr. 
Raceland, Kentucky 41169

Dear Mr. 

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 28 April 1966. The information in your letter of 3 May 1966 has been evaluated and our analysis is contained in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 11 -

