PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
26 Oct. 66   1115Z

2. LOCATION
Casey, Illinois                                one witness

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
SSW

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☐ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☐ No

10. CONCLUSION
Satellite(Echo II)
Echo II was over 954-40N at 1100Z on a southerly
heading.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched a star like object bullish-white in color travel toward the SW. The object appeared to be wavering side to side and moved at approximately the same speed as a jet aircraft. The sky was clear and the observer reported no sound being heard. One factor that observer noted was that the object made a left and then a right turn during the flight path.

The description is consistent with that of a satellite observation. Echo II was over the area and should have been visible to the observer.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.F.O. Sighting
Approx. 5:15 am, 26 OCT. 66

I am employed as a night watchman b. the Casey, Ill. this sighting was made from the company premise.

The object in question came in from the northwest and made a definite left direct. over the spot where I was standing, at a definite left turn and proceeded due south for a short space of time and then made a right turn and headed southwest again. I watched the path of the object in relation to some powerlines and also two bright stars and it was definitely moving. In appearance, the object looked bluish-white in size. An other star, and also appeared to be approximately the same size. It also appeared to have a wavering, side to side motion, and moved at approximately the same speed as a jet aircraft when seen on a clear day, at an altitude of from 2,000 to 10,000 feet. The sky, so far as I could tell, was clear as a crystal. Also, there was no sound associated with the object. I do have personal theories and ideas, but to include them, I feel, would not constitute a fair and impartial report.

Casey, Ill.

A.T.I.C.
Project Bluebook
Wright-Patterson A.F.B.
Dayton, Ohio


- page 2 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know

Page 2


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
26 Oct. 1966
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 5 15
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Casey   City or Town: Casey   County: Clark   State or County: Ill.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain   c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By stopwatch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Since there is a row of mercury vapor street lights near the factory where I worked, a light colored bright street light would give a similar appearance as would any object with a light colored bottom side.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

N/A

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: one
b. Color: Bluish-white the same as a star.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

For this experiment I used a match from a book of paper matches and the object would have been about the same size as the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple sketch is present with a small star-like object and an arrow pointing northeast]

Page 3 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
    No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
    NAME
    ADDRESS     Charleston, Ill.   Casey   Illinois
    TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE 29   SEX Male

    Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
    Approximately 50% of my driving is at night.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    Day         Month         Year


- page 7 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw the object. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? _____________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     1     Nov     1966
    Day     Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Page 7

The page appears to be blank except for the header information and question 35, which has no written response.


- page 9 -

FTD (TESTR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
4 November 1966

Casey, Illinois 62420

Dear Mr.

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 26 October 1966. The information contained in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 10 -

