PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE-TIME GROUP
6 Oct. 66 7/0030Z

2. LOCATION
Dalton, Massachusetts

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astro(Arcturus) ✓ 

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

At the time of the sighting Arcturus was on an
azimuth of 235 degrees and at an elevation of
13 degrees

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 hours

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers noted a star like object in the western sky. The
colors were a brilliant red and white and were flashing.
The light fluttered up and then dropped straight down, then
rose up again hovered in one area but seemed to be wobbling
at times. Object appeared to take off and travel toward the
west. Since the 6 Oct. sighting Observer has seen as many
as 6 or 7 objects on different nights. The observer wanted
to stress that she has seen these things almost every night.
The observer has seen many objects every night except for
one or two cloudy nights.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

Observers descriptions are very consistent with that of
an astronomical observation. The witnesses have seen
many objects in the sky since the 6 Oct. 66 sighting.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-129 (TDE)

Multiple


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Every night except for one or 2 cloudy nights from Oct 6th - today is Nov 9th and we still see them. Dalton p. Pittsfield Mass.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mrs. [redacted] Stn Pittsfield Mass.
Mrs. [redacted] ST Dalton Mass.
my husband
only children [partially redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted] Dalton Mass.
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 30 SEX: F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
I am a registered nurse and not one to start talking about anything so serious as the controversial UFO, unless I am sure of what I have been seeing.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
21 October 1966 - Major Register for Blue Book project blue
Reported to police on Oct 6, 1966.


- page 2 -

HQ (USAF) - Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
7 November 1966

Mrs.
Dalton, Massachusetts 01226

Dear Mrs.

Reference your letter of 21 October 1966 regarding your observations of alleged UFOs in the Dalton, Massachusetts area. Without essential data as such as altitude, elevation, flight characteristics, etc., a meaningful evaluation is not warranted. If you would complete the enclosed FTD Form 164 on your 6 October sighting, a more comprehensive evaluation will be possible.

Thank you for reporting your observations to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

the observation of these lights in the
sky. He could give more information about
this as I do not know how to determine
this. I do not know him, only of his editorials.

Just one other point that is probably insignificant, but
in travelling from Pittsfield to Dalton we noticed 4
of these red white + green objects in what appeared
to be a line over a distance of perhaps 5 miles

[Diagram with 4 objects spaced along a 5-mile line]

I hope that this information will be of some value
to you. these things are some sort of definite
craft, that can easily be discerned upon seeing
them. they are not airplanes, helicopters (too slow)
(too distant) not satellites (viewed for hours at a time)
not weather balloons (not the down before a low ceiling of
haze) not planets or stars (altitude too low for that)
not weather inversion (move ground too much) I am sure
that planes from Westover AFBase could easily
spot them. they are there about every night.

Sincerely,
[Signature blacked out]


- page 4 -

About fifteen minutes it rose in the air and then dropped down. It fluttered and yawed like a kite in the wind, and could change direction instantly. Four adults watched this for an hour from my father's window.

A. It was not a satellite
1. Its altitude was too low
2. It would have orbited the earth in the time that we watched it.
3. It was not in a stable pattern

B. It was not a helicopter or plane
1. It was absolutely quiet. At that altitude it would have been heard

C. It was not a planet or star
1. It was too low and too erratic
2. It was definitely as large flashing beam

D. It was not weather inversion or mixed gas
1. Again it was too low + too clearly viewed

On other nights, we spotted a craft that shot in from star altitude, stretched across the sky at airplane altitude and then just stopped and hovered in one spot flashing white, red and green.


- page 5 -

Dalton, Mass.
Oct 21, 1966.

Hector Quintanilla Jr. Major U.S.A.F.
Wright Patterson A.F.B.
Dayton, Ohio.

Dear Major Quintanilla

This letter is written on notebook paper only in my urgency to reach you on this matter please do not let "this detract from the information that has prompted me to write.

Every night since October 6th of this year, I & have spotted from one to four UFO's in the pittsfield Dalton Massachusetts area. They appear at 7:30 pm and at 10 pm and still there. There are three adult witnesses to this who spotted them from pittsfield while I viewed them from Dalton. We checked each other out by phone to verify the sightings.

On October 6th the U.F.O. seemed to be at the altitude of a propeller type plane. It just put out a like a brilliant red light. Sometimes it'd blanked red and white and then after remaining stationary for


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

page 3

Another night one appeared as a yellow white disk at rather high altitude, and while this disk wandered about the sky, three smaller objects with red and white lights circled about at a lower altitude in a most erratic pattern. Size, etc. above-

We put a telescope on one on the night of Oct 9th. This one blinked red white and green, and seemed to shoot little jets out of the bottom. Five (5) more added left the range of sights that night.

The Air Force has a problem of great magnitude forced upon it. I did not believe in these things, but now that I have seen them so one can ever tell me that they do not exist, nor will I accept a trite explanation for them. If you do have one, about it in your favor we drove by a parking lot at a large shopping center while this thing midway of about 200 feet about it and just off to one side not one person looked up, and if


- page 7 -

page 4

Asked about it I am sure they would say they didn't see it. I called a neighbor, she glanced out the window, I then said she didn't see it. I know she didn't for at that time it dropped out of sight behind tree back, it late rode into view, and the I achiles at my home charly viewed it. I watched the man across the street walk into his backyard and not glance up, while after of these things flitted about high in the sky over his head.

I do not expect one answer to this letter, but I do want to express my opinion on what I feel as a serious matter. I was absolutely terrified the night of Oct 6th when I saw something that I had read did not exist. Now that we know that they are there, they do not frighten less to such an extent, but the first reaction to them was shock. I feel sorry for the people who have yet to be surprised by this phenomenon to which not


- page 8 -

page 6

they were these things with their
own eyes? my that is off to
you gentlemen, and lots of luck.

Most Sincerely,
[redacted]
Massachusetts 01226

1st Sgt:
it is now Oct 24 and we are still viewing
these UFOs - Our local radio station I
announce it many sightings, and confirmed
the radar sightings of these objects -
also the folder confirmed no planes in
this area at the time of the sighting -
so this another factor?


- page 9 -

Page 5

Air Force official will admit. There just aren't they answer when we meet them. I the most is the first sighting. Is the truth so much more horrible that it cannot be expressed? More and more of these sightings will be reported, and the troubled imposed upon the Air Force will multiply. I think that a public statement should be forthcoming from the President of the United States stating the truth of the matter or the situation now stands - that UFO's do exist. Emphasize the positive side that they have not done harm - this will give of more benefit and restore more faith in our leaders than the ostrich in the sand attitude will ever do.

I hope that our Country is making a prime endeavor to develop a type of craft that will be compatible with these that could have been developed here. Just how long do you believe the general public will remain skeptical as I was before the sightings, when


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

red + white smaller objects flew about at
a considerable distance ahead of the
"gulf ball". To sound from any of them
yet the risk of being bothersome, I
do wish to make one point aside any
observer that you wish on any day
might, and he will be able to clear
for himself what we have been watching.
With a good pair of binoculars he would
be able to discern these
things from stars etc. Also he might
be fortunate enough to see them
sinking about as we have been visiting
them. If the number of these things
keeps increasing, what will happen
next?

Sincerely,
[signature blacked out]
[location blacked out]


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

6 OCT 66
DALTON, MASS.

F10(+DET)
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Chief, Project Blue Book

Major Quintanilla,

Thank you for the technical information form. I became more than one-nightly involved. I filled it out in detail primarily pertaining to the first sighting.

Concerning question #5 and #22, I wish to add, I first noticed the brilliant red light from my kitchen window. I thought at first it was a plane but it was not continuing on a path as an airplane would. I watched for 15 minutes, and I could not believe my eyes. Then I called my mother who lives in pittsfield. She, my Aunt and Uncle all drove to Dalton where they witnessed this. We went outdoors also. After she watched it for well over an hour she did not want the children or me to stay here alone. My husband was away on a business trip. We saw the UFO.

Dalton, Mass.
01226
Nov. 9, 1966


- page 12 -

Hector Quintanilla Jr. Major USAF
Wright Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dalton, Mass.
61226

I wrote recently concerning the sightings of
UFO's in the Dalton Pittsfield area. I
also filled out the Air Force 8 page form
and returned it. We still are seeing these
things every clear night, and for quite on
cloudy nights they will appear for a very
short time. One comes in at 10 of 5 in the
same spot every night, and the no. of
these things is increasing. On Monday Nov. 14
one was low my husband could follow a
complete report for it, say two other adults
and 5 children age 5 to 12 watched it. I
was not home at that time.

Last night Nov. 19th we watched a golf
ball silently sailing about, also two


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

red + white smaller objects flow about at
a considerable distance ahead of the
"gulf field". To sound from any of them
yet the risk of being bothersome, I
do wish to make one point and only
observe that you wish on any clear
night, and he will be able to see
for himself what we have been watching.
With a good pair of binoculars he
would easily be able to discover these
things from stars etc. Also, he might
be fortunate enough to see them
sinking about as we have been viewing
them. If the number of these things
keeps increasing, what will happen
night?

Sincerely
[name redacted]
[location redacted]


- page 14 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
the first sighting
6 October 1966
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 8 30
(Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): (a) Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Dalton, Mass.    Dalton    Massachusetts
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? I watched for approximately 15 min - then I went to bed.
from 7:30 to 10:30 P.M.
(Total Duration)
(Circle One): a. Certain    c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined: Wrist watch

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No ✓ It dropped out of my line of vision below some trees then reappeared also light dimmed at times

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY    NIGHT
a. Bright    (a) Bright
b. Cloudy    b. Cloudy    Clear, not bright

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. Behind you    e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FTD FORM    Continues
OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 15 -

Take off to the West, and fly up over 3 beacons that we can see from my house. We then got into the car and headed to pittsfield. We spotted it again circling around the presidential area of the city. It was still there when we went to bed at 10:30 none of us slept very well.

Sincerely,
[Redacted signature]
Dalton, mass.


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
IT dropped down out of my sight like a leaf would flutter to the ground - sometimes the light flickered very dim - it then would flare up brightly at a glance.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: tree level. Then reappear as it rose again.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:    no clouds visible on Oct 14th

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:    none.
b. Color:   brilliant red, brilliant white and red, or flashing red or white. It changed as I watched.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and not how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
about 1/2 of the object on Oct 14th.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
I have seen an object or objects almost every night from Oct 14th on. Could not distinguish the shape because of the bright lights. Approximate Oct 9th. 15 was a disk over the house across the street.
d-me size   O - yellow-white   O - spinning
Here since seen almost every night   spinning brilliant white - red light on top always in center
9:50 two small red white lights   green light spinning around
then fly independently   outside of red light
and erratically   sometimes red light on bottom


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
Have seen no all weather conditions - First Sighting given below

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

Oct 6th 64 a light
Oct 9th was a solid disk

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Beacon on top of an fire truck

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

Oct 9th - Sharply outlined

e. Other: I could not see
edges, can not the night
of Oct 6th - the light from
the object was too bright

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate: [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? about 3000 good feet.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) ① I was in my Kitchen ② went door to get ③ look at 4.
                 ④ later watched from car

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? open field behind
c. In open countryside? →open field behind my house
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other: Some time at my house at the time. It might be we saw it a few m. later. We were at car.

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     c. East     e. South     g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 30 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle all that apply)
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other: 4x30 field glasses

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
① Oct 6th - beacon from fire engine (large blinking light) sometimes not all the time
② Oct 9th - dime sized disk spinning old fashion top
③ other nights
④ red and white flashlight bulbs (smaller objects which are launched from ③)


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Fluttered up on an angle - then dropped straight down, then rose up again - hovered in one area but seemed to be wobbling. I could and did go from right to left instantly. Then started out as it "took off" west towards

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

Since then I have seen as many as 6 or 7 objects on different nights - may stress that is not one sighting of the sky. Then height after height in different areas.

[The document also contains a compass diagram and some hand-drawn sketches illustrating the object's movement and positioning.]


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    9th     November    1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I covered in detail the first sighting on Oct 14th WEST11 see these things almost every night. they now appear at dark and are still there at 5AM. I watched one streak n from prop port starting to an airplane altitude in about 20 seconds. It then hovered and blinked white red and green. On Sunday NOV. 6th - it was very hazy here. No stars could be seen. the moon could not be seen. Only a thick foggy cloudiness. one of these top shaped things dropped erratically down below the haze and then hovered for 30 minutes. it was bright fluorescent white - had a blinking red light on top - through binoculars I could make out another blinking red light on the bottom plus flashes of green. my husband, and brother-in-law saw this also. We also watched thru a telescope on other nights, they seem to be spinning as they hover, and drop up and down. my brother-in-law appeared 4" in diameter, brilliant white, disk shaped at about 430 AM, over the house next to his, comparing the moon to a breakfast plate. this object looked like a grapefruit size. In the early evening they are not as low as they are between 2am and 4am.

Pittsfield, Mass. has written several editorials on


- page 21 -

