PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 26 Sept 66 27/0130Z

2. LOCATION: Troy, New York one

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual

7. COURSE: SW

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Aircraft(possible)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer was in his house when he felt the room getting warm. He got up and went to the window and saw a bright light in the sky. He watched this light for about a minute before it started to move. The object then began to move toward the observer, and flew over the building he lives in. The object appeared to have a red and green light, and appeared as a bright star when first observed. Since this incident the witness has seen additional UFOs.

The description is consistent with that of an aircraft observation. The red and green lights in characteristic of aircraft lighting.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

26 Aug 66

Troy, New York
September 28, 1966

Gentlemen!

I hope when you read this letter that you take what I say seriously and not to consider what I say a hoax.

On the evening of September 28, 1966 at about 8:30 P.M., I sighted what is commonly called a U.F.O.

I was in my room reading a newspaper when I noticed that it was getting quite warm in my room. I glanced the window, pulled up a chair and sat in front of the window. (The actual writing is hard to put in writing, but I will try to describe it.)

My room is situated to where there is an alley in back and beyond there, there is an urban renewal project under way. Like there is a building that has just been put up and I


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Estimate it is about 200 feet directly behind my window. It was while I was noticing this building that I saw a bright object to the left of it. At first I thought it was just a star but then I kept on noticing how bright it was compared to the other stars and how low it was. I kept staring at it and I so - called flying saucer. When I thought maybe it's a satellite or planet. But then it occurred to me, when this object started to move, that it was neither. When I first noticed it, it wasn't moving. I estimate it was about two minutes from the time I first saw it, before it moving. It was moving very slowly. It seemed to stop and go before it kept on.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

a direct course. As it moved
directly over my window, I
definitely saw to real big it
was I think I saw a green
one, but I'm not very sure.
I also most definitely noticing
that the belly of this ship
had a luminous glow. What is
when it flew over my building
and I saw right of it.

I have, in the past article
in Life magazine and also
took. I have been interested
in these sightings since
last spring, when these
sightings started to appear
in Michigan. I have also
heard radio and television
broadcasts like a retired
Marine Major Major folks. I
never thought that I would
actually see a U.F.O., and
when I noting this one,
I wasn't looking for it. I
spotted it accidentally. What


- page 4 -

I'm trying to get across is that I firmly believe that these things exist of seven before what I saw, and that I don't want to give the impression that I'm a thrill seeker. What I'm about to say may sound foolish and probably will, has nothing to do with what I say, but since there's no firm legitimate explanation as to the cause of the northeastern blackout of November 1965, could it be that these visitors might have had something to do with it? I admit that it sounds far fetched and incredible but I don't think it can be overlooked. I'd like to state also that there should be some kind of sensible explanation to the American people.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

as to what these things
are and what they might
be, doing here and also
what the Air Force has
learned about them.

Sincerely yours

P.S. I forgot to include that
there was no noise coming
from this object. I'm sorry for
the delay in sending this letter,
but I had to obtain the
address.


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information as that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Date fields are blank]

2. Time of day: [Handwritten: 8:50] (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern-
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Address is blacked out]
City or Town: Troy
State or County: N.Y.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours: [blank] Minutes: [blank] Seconds: [blank]
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? About 3 Minutes

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes [checked] No [blank]

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 62, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick to heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it faded over to the horizon. I sized in.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [blank]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: [blank]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: There was no sound
b. Color: white to lite

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
CAN'T TELL ACCURATELY, OBJECT WOULD APPEAR SMALLER THAN MATCH STICK.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A small sketch is drawn with the note: OBJECT DEFINITELY HAD RED LIGHT ON IT, AND I THINK I COULD SEE.]


- page 9 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [Partially illegible text]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2-3 MILES [Partially illegible additional text]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East            e. South           g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast       f. Southwest       h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank space for miles per hour]

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No    e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes   No    f. Telescope    Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No    g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No    h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Last section appears to have some illegible handwritten text]


- page 10 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   (No)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please sign information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER           AGE 23     SEX _______

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day             Month           Year    (partially illegible text)

Page 6 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Date fields left blank]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Have observed attack
Unidentified object since

[Text appears partially cut off or illegible]

Page 7 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 13 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    TDSET/UFO

DATE:       2 February 1967

SUBJECT:    UFO Observation, 26 Sep 66

TO:         Mr. [redacted]
             [redacted], New York 12160

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 14 -

