PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
29 April 66 29/1130Z
30 April 66 30/1115Z

2. LOCATION
Sacramento, California (3 Witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
29 (1 1/2 Hours)
30 (2 1/4 Hours)

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
B to SE

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
□ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
□ No

10. CONCLUSION
1. Astro (VENUS)
29 April 66 VENUS was rising at 0430 at an azimuth of 110 deg an elevation of 15 deg. At 0600 VENUS was at an azimuth of 125 deg an elevation of 27 deg

Observers saw light in eastern sky on two straight mornings. The object was very bright at first then became dull as the sky became higher. Like a bright star but wasn't twinkling. Movements up, down, right and left then disappeared.

FTD FORM
SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

June 28, 1966

FTID (TDEW)
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
Project Blue Book

Dear Sir,

In regards to the enclosed letter. This is the second copy you have sent me. I completed the forms sent last month and see no reason to fill them out again. I have no more information on the sightings than was stated on the original form.

Lather AFB, observed one of the "whatever it was", on April 29 and 30, 1966. They should be able to give you any more information you may need.

If there is anything else I can do (other than fill out forms) please let me know.

Sincerely,

[Signature is blacked out]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

RANCHO CORDOVA CALIF.

FTD (TDEN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
23 June 1966

Rancho Cordova, California 95670

Dear Mrs.

Reference your unidentified observations of 29 and 30 April 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 3 -

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

NOTE: This document contains information affecting the national defense of the United States within the meaning of the espionage laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Sec. 793 and 794. The transmission or the revelation of its contents in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law.

1. COUNTRY: [blank]
2. SUBJECT: Report of UFO
3. IBC NUMBER: [blank]
4. DATE OF INFORMATION: 30 April 1966
5. PLACE AND DATE OF ACQ: [blank]
6. EVALUATION: SOURCE [blank] INFORMATION [blank]
7. SOURCE: [blank]

8. REPORT NUMBER: [blank]
9. DATE OF REPORT: 30 April 1966
10. NO. OF PAGES: 2
11. REFERENCES: [blank]

12. ORIGINATOR: Mrs [redacted], Rancho Cordova, Calif
13. PREPARED BY: Harold W. Comstock, Operations Br
Sgt, Law Enforcement Division
McClellan AFB, California
14. APPROVING AUTHORITY: [signature] for JOHN R. ARMSTRONG, Major, USAF
Chief, Sty & Law Enforcement Division

15. SUMMARY:
Mrs Jean Miller, above address, called Operations Branch at 0754, 30 Apr 1966, to report by telephone, the following:

1. Description of object:
a. Shape: round and flat
b. Size compared to object at arms length: baseball
c. Color: yellowish white - no blue
d. Number: one
e. Formation: none
f. Discernible features: textured, rough looking surface, diagonal streaks
or lights, dark spot in center
g. Tail, trail or exhaust: definite whitish red trail; trail visible when object moved
h. Sound: none

1. Dates and time sighted: between 0500 and 0600 hours, 29 and 30 Apr 66

2. Description of course of object:
a. Attention of observer: just looked up and saw it
b. Angle of elevation and azimuth: approximately same height of Mather AFB
c. Tower, control direction: continual clockwise residence
d. Flight path and maneuvers: would hover, go right, go left, but movement was mainly up and down
e. Length of time in sight: approximately 1 hour each day
f. Manner of disappearance: obscured by clouds and rising sun

3. Manner of observation: ground, visual
a. Optical aids: 10 power telescope and army type binoculars

16. DISTRIBUTION BY ORIGINATOR: AFSC (FTD), Wright-Patterson AFB

17. DOWNGRADING DATA: [blank]
18. ATTACHMENT DATA: [blank]

[Handwritten note at bottom: Send 164]


- page 4 -

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

CONTINUATION SHEET
(Classification and Control Markings)

REPORT NO.
PAGE 2 OF 2
ORIGINATOR

4. Time and date of sighting: 0500 to 0600 on 29th and 30th April 1966.

5. Location of observer: [redacted], Lincoln Village, Rancho Cordova, California

6. Identification of Observer: Civilian housewife, [redacted], Village, Rancho Cordova, California. Home phone [redacted]

7. Weather and wind report by Base Operations for period of sighting:
a. Clear visibility 10 miles plus, wind -330 degrees - 5 knots on 29 Apr 66
b. Clear visibility 10 miles plus, wind at 120 degrees, 6 knots, 30 Apr 66
c. Very little if any cloud cover
d. No known thunder showers in the area

8. Unusual conditions which might account for sighting: none

9. No identification or interception was taken at time of sighting

10. No air traffic in area at time of sighting

11. Report compiled by Sgt Harold W. Comstock, Operations Branch, Security and Law Enforcement Division, McClellan AFB, California. Possible sighting may have been the planet Venus or possibly some flare or light from the nearby Mather AFB.

12. Existence of physical evidence or existence: none

DD FORM 1396c
(Classification and Control Markings)


- page 5 -

FTD (TDEN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
18 May 1966

Lincoln Village
Rancho Cordova, California 95670

Dear Mrs.

Reference your recent unidentified observations of 29 and 30 April
1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for
evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 6 -

FTD (TESTR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
2 September 1966

Mrs. [REDACTED]
Sacramento, California 95827

Dear Mrs. [REDACTED]:

Reference your letter of 24 August 1966 regarding your unidentified observation in April 1966. As you were previously informed, we feel that Venus was responsible for your 29 April sighting. As for the 30 April sighting we are unable to offer a conclusive explanation. Venus could be a possible explanation, but considering the information now available and deactivated, this explanation is invalid. On 30 April Venus should have been observed along with the UFO. Since it was rising at about 0430 hours, as was the case on 29 April, we cannot reach a valid conclusion, and your 30 April sighting is being categorized as unidentified.

I regret our misunderstandings and I wish to thank you for your time and your consideration.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 7 -

Autodin 831-2330

Mrs. Hall from Base Ops, Mayther AFB, ext 2414
Will call regarding the observation of 30 Apr 66.
The only thing as far as reports go was -

They had a call on the 30th of Apr but it was not
regarded as a UFO - nothing more on this.

Mrs. Hall is going to check it out and see if she
can find out any kind of activity in the area that
might match up. She is checking the fire department
also.


- page 8 -

Conversation of 28 Jul 66 with Mayther AFB, California. - Base Ops,
Mrs. Hall, revealed that the Dispatcher at Mayther had received
numerous UFO reports during March, April, May in the early
morning hours with the same description. Investigation
found fuel testing in Nevada. Looked like it went down into
the fuel storage area. Went behind the mountains, gave this
type of appearance. The fuel testing was being done at
Jack Ass Flats, Nevada. Happened almost every morning during
March, April and May. When Mrs. Hall finds the name of
the personnel or company who were doing the testing she will
send the address to us on a buckslip.

Mrs. Hall checked with the fire dispatcher and they had
no fires in that area reported by Mrs. Miller on either
the 29 - 30 April 1966.
Jackson Flats is a nickname and is approximately 550 miles
East of Mayther AFB. A large restricted area southeast of
Tonopah, Nevada. They had no way of knowing whether the
testing was being done on the ground or by aircraft dropping
fuel. Dispatcher did not know who informed him of the fact
that it was fuel testing.

8 August 66
Conversation with Nellis AFB, Nevada. The fuel testing that takes
over Jack ASS Flats is the burning of H2. The flames reach an
altitude of about several hundred feet. The flames could not be
visible in California.


- page 9 -

FTD (TDERS)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
2 August 1966

Mrs. [redacted]
Sacramento, California

Dear Mrs. [redacted]

The phenomena which you have reported for 30 April 1966 has been checked. We checked with the Fire Department at Mather AFB, California and they had no record of a fire on the morning of 30 April.

It appears that you observed fuel testing which took place over Jack Ass Flats, Nevada within is near Tonopah, Nevada. Mather AFB had many such reports that were determined to be fuel testing.

I wish to thank you for bringing the 30 April 1966 evaluation on your sightings to our attention.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

FJED (LOEHR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
19 July 1966

Sacramento, California 95827

Dear Mrs.

Please excuse the delay in answering your inquiry. Due to our heavy workload at the present time, I have just had the opportunity to provide you with the results of our findings.

An evaluation of your sighting was made and our conclusion is that your and your neighbor observed the planet Venus, as it was rising in the east. On 29 April 1966, Venus was rising at an azimuth of 110 degrees and an elevation of 15 degrees. There would be movement toward the SE as the planet began to rise. Venus is the brightest of all the planets with Jupiter being next. Venus, at its brightest, can be seen in daylight and can cast shadows after dark. In the past, both Venus and Jupiter, when low on the horizon, have been observed to change color and move at fantastic speeds, when viewed through haze or mist. Venus appears low on the horizon, during the spring and is unusually bright. If one stares at this planet for any length of time without any balancing point of reference, it can appear to perform erratic maneuvers.

I feel sure this is an explanation of what you saw. You mentioned that "the object was like a bright star but was not twinkling like a star." This further substantiates the Venus conclusion, since planets are seen because of the sun illuminating their surface.

Thank you for your interest in Project Blue Book.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 11 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
29 April 1966
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:
1st 30 - about 4:15am
Hour    Minutes

(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
30 - Modoc Way, Jack. Calif.
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State and County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
April 29 - approx. 4:30 - 6:00 am
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
April 29 - checked clock

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
30 - no breaks visible

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY:
a. Bright cloudless sky
b. Cloudy
30 - clear

NIGHT:
a. Bright
b. Cloudy
30 - light and clear

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

April 300

FORM
FTD 164 OCT 62 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

August 11, 1966

FTD (TDET)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Hector Quintanilla, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

Dear Sir,

In regards to your most recent correspondence, I cannot believe it. You have all the reports and statements I have sent and yet you must ignore them. I said nothing whatsoever about a fire on April 30, 1966. You would have to completely overlook my first statement and the long forms I filled out to send me such a letter as I have just received. The fire occurred at a later date, not April 30. If you refer to the first form I filled out, you will see this.

This is the first time in my life that I have ever seen a UFO. Whatever it was, I have never had the time or interest to be bothered with such speculation. I thought I would be doing my duty as a citizen and loyal American to report this phenomenon, regardless of what would be said. I can see by the tone of your last correspondence, just what you comply to and how such matters are handled. I place no blame on anyone, you being one man in an exclusive position, having quite a small staff. I am sure. To try and satisfy the public's fears and safeguard the country from any unknown dangers, not knowing just exactly what all UFO are, is an enormous responsibility. However, this does not help my position and I hope I do not receive any more correspondence in this same trend.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

California 30 April 66.

FTD (TDETR) -mla
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
22 August 1966

[Address redacted]
Sacramento, California 95827

Dear Mrs. [Name redacted]:

Reference your letter of 11 August 1966 regarding your observation on 30 April 1966. We felt that we had a logical and scientific explanation to your sighting; however, we are now quite confused since receiving your latest letter which states that you did not say anything about a fire on 30 April. In your letter of 23 July 1966 you asked about the fire which you observed on 30 April. In your original report on the sighting of 30 April you speak of a red flame. We thought this was the fire to which you were referring.

In order that we may avoid confusion and any misunderstandings on your sighting of 30 April, we would appreciate your completing a new FTD Form 164. Request you complete it to explain what you observed on 30 April and only for 30 April. To avoid confusion, by taking this case separately, the analysis will be able to study your sighting carefully and scientifically. Therefore, request you disregard our evaluation on your 30 April sighting since a new comprehensive analysis will be performed.

Sincerely,

[Signature] HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

2 Atchs
Cy of ltr, 23 Jul 66
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

July 23, 1966

MTD (DETER)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Hector Quintanilla, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

Dear Sir,

I have just received your letter dated July 19, 1966. It was in reply and conclusion to my UFO sightings on April 29 and 30, 1966. It is very specific on the April 29 sighting, but has no mention of April 30, or the red object that caused a fire.

The object on April 30, was not moving toward the SE, as was the April 29 object. It was seen by several very reliable people and was not a mass or hallucination. I would appreciate some reply on this April 30 sighting.

Also, the white object that dropped a little red, whatever it was... followed by an immediate fire. The local fire dept., here could give no known cause for the fire. It was not a fire started by a careless passer-by, or motorist. I am sure. This fire started in the middle of a vast field, known as Mother Pitts. It was in a very dangerous location, being right across the street from Mother AFB and huge fuel storage tanks. My son was the first to see the white object float down and called my attention to it. It went back up after dropping the red object and then the fire started.

I accept your conclusions on the April 29, 1966 sighting. It was fascinating to watch and certainly was beautiful. However I am still in doubt about the other and the white object that floated down eventually was not a planet.

Hope to hear from you soon.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]


- page 15 -

Mrs.
Sacramento, Calif.

23 JUL 1966

AIR MAIL

FTID (TWSTR)
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio 45433

Project Blue Book


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

August 24, 1966

FTD (TDETR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Hector Quintanilla Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

Dear Sir,

In regards to your letter of August 22, 1966. There certainly has been a misunderstanding.

As I have mentioned before, I accept your conclusions for the April 29, 1966 sighting. The planet Venus rising in the East. However, you made no mention of the next sighting, April 30, when the mentioned object did not rise in the East and followed a very erratic pattern. I had absolutely no idea what to think about that.

Now on the fire. This was a third and separate sighting and I thought this was understood. It was observed at a later date. I added it on page 6ix of the FTD 164. I read quickly and listed it under a "special experience", being pertinent! I see that it is not pertinent to the April 29 and 30 sightings but then it is certainly of some importance. I thought it should be included in the report as a separate occurrence. Would you please check the FTD form again. I am sure I wrote the fire in as happening at a later date.

I reported the April 29 and 30 sighting and was sent only one form. I assumed you wanted me to squeeze it all onto this one form. If not I should have been sent two forms.

On my July 23, 1966 letter, I mentioned the April 29 sighting in the first paragraph. The April 30, in the second and the white object that dropped something red and the fire in a third and separate paragraph. I was sure you had understood there were three sightings.

Now about your request to fill out the FTD form again. I could not in all honesty fill it out again and be accurate. The sightings were quite a while back and I am sure I could not remember all the longitudes, time of day etc. You will have to take what I have already written on my original form.

I have no illusions about UFO, feeling there is a practical and sound explanation for just about everything. I was just curious, in reporting what I did see. Tell you what - I won't look "up" again, if you promise not to send me any more forms to fill out.

Most Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]


- page 17 -

NNNNNRTE JAW RUNTPDA»98 118 1923-EEEE J4UCIFGA.
ZNY EEEEE
R 81913Z
FM 69WGCTWG GODFELLOW AFB TEX
TO AFSC WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
BT
UNCLAS E F T O 0M 00335 APR 66
SUBJ: UFO, AFSC FT OR. RE OUR
69WGCM ODM 00315 APR 66 SAME SUBJ. DOUBT THE VALIDITY
OF ALLEGED SIGHTING. AT 2200 HOURS ON 27 APR THE INVESTI-
GATOR WAS CALLED BY BERNIE SHAFFER, AGE 36, 2656 YALE
AVE., WHO REPORTED ANOTHER ALLEGED SIGHTING. INVESTI-
GATOR IMMEDIATELY PROCEEDED TO HIS HOME AND CONCLUDED
ALLEGED SIGHTING WAS ACTUALLY HIGH ALTITUDE (22,000 FT)
JET TRAINERS FROM WEBB AFB TEX. THIS WAS CONFIRMED BY
THE FAA FACILITY AT MATHIS FIELD, SANANGELO TEX, WHO

PAGE 2 RUNTPDA»98 UNCLAS E F T O
REPORTED THAT A NIGHT CROSS-COUNTRY TRAINING FLIGHT WAS
IN SESSION AND HAD BEEN FOR THE PAST HOUR. THIS ALLEGED
SIGHTING WAS THE SECOND FOR YOUNG SHAFFER AND INVESTIGA-
TOR SERIOUSLY QUESTIONS HIS EYESIGHT. HE ADMITTED BEING
NEAR-SIGHTED AND INVESTIGATOR OBSERVED THAT HE WAS
WEARING THICK GLASSES. INVESTIGATOR SPENT APPROX 40
MIN WITH THE GROUP OF BOYS SHOWING THEM THE VARIOUS
AIRPLANES THAT WERE FLYING AND EXPLAINING THEIR
"LIGHT PATTERNS."


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

10,000 TIMES BRIGHTER THAN STARS

Meteor's Fiery Death Scare

NEW YORK, Apr. 25 (AP)—A vivid fireball, described by scientists as a meteor, flashed across the sky last night, exciting thousands from the eastern seaboard to Ohio.

Dr. Thomas C. Nicholson, chairman of the Hayden planetarium, called the object an exceptionally bright meteor that left a mile-colored, glowing vapor trail. He said it was probably 10,000 times brighter than the brightest star at night.

ASTONISHED viewers reported sighting the flaming object from the Carolinas to Toronto and as far west as Ohio.

The object touched off a sensation at the height of its journey as thousands scurried for telephones. Some of the callers seemed entertained while others appeared frightened.

Police switchboards in dozens of communities were swamped with reports of a jet airplane crash and flying saucers.

While there were unconfirmed reports that the object or parts of it had landed, most astronomers believe it'll probably disintegrate during its flight.

THERE WAS no clear agreement on the size of the object.

Dr. Nicholson, who said the fireball probably was moving 5 miles a second at an angle of 75 to 80 degrees to the earth in the western sky, estimated that it was perhaps "several hundred points."

But Dr. Fred L. Whipple, director of the Smithsonian Astrophysical observatory in Cambridge, Mass., said:

"It was a meteor which must have been less than the size of a football."

A spokesman for the U.S. Naval observatory in Washington said the object was probably not a man-made satellite, as some believed, because more was scheduled to re-enter the atmosphere.

SOME SCIENTISTS speculated that the object may have been a bolide, which is a type of meteor that burns itself out more slowly than other meteors as it enters the atmosphere.

Continued on Flaming Meteor That Raced Over Northern


- page 19 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

BRIGHTER THAN STARS

Meteor's Fiery Death Scares, Amuses Thousands in East
APR. 66

A vivid fireball, visible as a meteor, flashed across the night, exciting thousands from New England to Ohio.

Whipple, chairman of the committee, called the object an unidentified meteor that left a multiple vapor trail. He said it was brighter than the night.

Observers reported sightings from the Carolinas to west as Ohio.

Thousands of callers several hours appeared frightened.

Calls in dozens of communities will report of a jet flying squares.

Unconfirmed reports that it had landed, most likely it probably disintegrated.

No clear agreement on the cause.

NWS specialist said the object was a bolide, which is a meteor burst out more meters as it enters the atmosphere and makes a noise at the end of its trajectory.

Most reports said the object turned from white to green and traveled in a northwestward direction, perhaps as high as 10 to 20 miles above the earth at its initial sighting.

Other reports said it had a yellow-orange glow but these were generally attributed to the effects of the sunset on the object.

A trail of fluorescent gases trailing the object was reported visible for as long as 10 minutes in some areas.

AN ASTRONOMER said today a flaming object, believed to be a meteor, may have either disintegrated or plunged to earth near the U.S.-Canadian border in upper New York state.

Dr. Curtis Hemingway, director of the Dudley observatory, Albany, N.Y., said the object was last sighted southeast of Montreal and northeast of Pittsburgh, N.Y., after thrilling thousands from the Carolinas to New England as it streaked across the northeastern sky.

Hemingway said it would be "most important" to find any parts of the object it might come to earth to test for radiation, although he indicated there was little to fear from the object.

Hemingway also said a sonic boom heard over the Albany area lasted to five minutes after the brilliant blue, green and white object was sighted apparently was caused by the object entering the earth's atmosphere at supersonic speed.

Page 16, Tuesday, April 26, 1966


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

(150)
JACKSONVILLE, FLA., APRIL 22 (JP)- JACKSONVILLE RESIDENTS
DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY WERE SEEING, BUT POLICE SAY THEY GAVE THE GHOST
OF SHORT SHRIFTS AT YESTERDAY'S POLICE HEADQUARTERS.

THE APPARITION IS DESCRIBED AS ABOUT THE SIZE OF A MAN, DRESSED IN
WHITE AND TOPPED BY A WHITE CLOUD.

PATROLMAN D. J. LEE AND OTHER OFFICERS THOUGHT IT WAS JUST A NEW FAD
BY THE YOUNGSTERS UNTIL HE TALKED TO ADULTS WHO SAID THEY'VE SEEN
IT.

SO, AT 3:50 A.M., POLICE SHRUGGED SO MUCH THAT THE MINISTER OF A NEARBY
CHURCH COMPLAINED TO POLICE THAT A "SUPERNATURAL THING" WAS MAKING A
REVIVAL SERVICE BECAUSE OF THE NOISE.

MR. UNKNOWN INFORMANT, WHO CLAIMED TO HAVE SEEN INFORMATION, SAID
THE THING SPREAD OVER DOWNTOWN IN A LARGE AREA AND THEN WITH A TURN OF
WILL CONNECTED TO A LARGE DEATH HALL COMMONLY BY SOME ARE KNOWN
SCORES TO THE APPARITION.

POLICE COULDN'T CONTAIN THIS EXPLANATION, BUT THERE WERE HINTS
THAT IT WAS GOING TO COME IT OUT OF DARKNESS AGAIN.


- page 21 -

Another UFO Mystery Ends in Ohio

WASHINGTON COURT HOUSE, Ohio (AP) — Sheriff's men of two counties "captured" a massive flying object on farms 15 miles apart last evening, and souvenir-hunters came away with material evidence too.

Hard on the heels of the recent flurry of UFO reports, sky-watchers began falling from the mystery about 5:35 p.m. The mystery this time was short-lived — the objects proved to be parts of an Air Force balloon and instrument package for high-altitude scientific research.

A military spokesman at Holloman AFB, N.M., where contemplation was launched, probably last month, by mystification, however, by testing nature of the research is classified.

A 4,800-pound "payload" apparatus 15 feet tall descended under a red-and-white parachute on Frank Hays' farm, a half-mile north of here, with a big balloon attached.

At about the same time, another balloon 150 by 100 feet when stretched flat, fell onto Mrs. Charles Schleich's acreage.

Over in next-door Pickaway County, it had three devices attached.

Sheriff Don Thompson's Fayette County Office here and site County Dwight Radcliff in Circleville were bombarded with calls as the objects waited down. Deputies, with crowds of sightseers in their wake, converged on the two farms.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):    8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. None                    a. Bright moonlight
b. View were washed out    b. Dull moonlight
c. Many                   c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember          d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):       WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear                   a. Dry
b. Hazy                    b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds        c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds   d. Snow
                           e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid                   d. As a light
b. Transparent             e. Don't remember
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter                c. About the same
b. Dimmer                  d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Offhand, brighter than dull or hazy light because lighter the light itself

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred        Other:
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?
I - Move o maneuver, right left up/down


- page 23 -

e UFO form continued                                                Page 6

30. How can we verify when, where and similar details prior to date of sighting? (Circle One)
    In a * never seen this or similar objects before. However, the same objects reappeared briefly on the night following the sighting.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No

31.2 Please list their names and address:    and Mrs. Nouned brothers) Scarsdale, N.Y.
    also                                    and
    Mrs.                                   Scarsdale, N.Y.

32. (7) - Apartments next to the Golden Horseshoe shopping center, Scarsdale, N.Y.
    after calling the Reporter's Dispatch (newspaper in Scarsdale)

I found that other people had seen the same sight.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
    NAME                                    New York                    N.Y.
    ADDRESS    at time of sighting: 1 was at 92 Morris Lane South, Scarsdale, New York
    TELEPHONE NUMBER                        AGE 16    SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

I have flown many miles (commercially) and am interested in aviation. I am familiar with most known conventional aircraft and can say that what I saw was not anything I have seen prior. Further, I have studied 1 trig* and am familiar with methods of obtaining distances and speeds through triangulation. I am fairly sure of the facts which I have given and as far as I am concerned they are the absolute truth. I have fairly good vision and my hearing(as well as the others) is excellent. We attempted to obtain pictures of the objects on the second night using a good 35mm camera and film. The negatives, commercially developed, unfortunately showed both-ing. We are spelling anything.

21      4       66
Day     Month   Year

To the Reporter's Dispatch Newspaper, Scarsdale, N.Y.
(possibly White Plains, N.Y.)


- page 24 -

UFO form continued                                                   Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes    No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 300 - 400   MPH. Perhaps 1,000

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? It maneuvered through a cover
of stratus clouds which were at about 3,000 feet that night.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ___________
e. At sea
f. Other ___________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
XX o. Other. a fairly well popu-
lated suburb of New York City.

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)   a. North   b. East   c. South   d. Southeast   e. Southwest   f. West   g. Northwest   h. Northeast

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop or try to stop while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No    e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No    f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No    g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No    h. Other NAKED EYE   Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which you would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Such would very difficult. I don't think I have ever seen similar objects of known identical form. The objects were solid,
and yet they slowed. They flowed with an intense but not florescent glow. It maneuvered through the cloud cover
with guidance and apparent intelligence. It is unlike any-
thing else we saw before. (I was accompanied by other
witnesses who concurred)


- page 25 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                 a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                b. Full moonlight
    c. Many                                 c. No moonlight-pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                        d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):                    WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                             a. Dry
    b. Hazy                                  b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds                      c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds                 d. Snow
                                             e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared (Circle One):        10.d As a light
    a. Solid                                 e. Don't remember
    b. Transparent
    c. Vapor                                 It was a glowing solid,
                                             in appearance.

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                              c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                                d. Don't know
                                             No stars out that
                                             night, due to clouds.
                                             Object was brighter
                                             when they are out
                                             than brightest stars.

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred         Because object was
                b. Like a bright line        dim out of clouds it
                c. Sharply outlined          it was difficult to
                d. Don't remember            see as it really was.

13. Did the object:                          (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?    Yes   No   Don't know
    b. Successively speed up or slow down?   Yes   No   Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?       Yes   No   Don't know
    d. Leave a trail?                        Yes   No   Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                    Yes   No   Don't know
    f. Change shape?                         Yes   No   Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                     Yes   No   Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?               Yes   No   Don't know


- page 26 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place on "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture where were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

NOTE: over a period of 2 hours the objects maneuvered in circular and semi-circular patterns. They changed their course and at times flew straight, changing their position and their distance between each other. They even changed altitude and maneuvered between clouds. They were, it seemed, 'observing' the city below and were simply maneuvering as would any craft, though they executed turns too sharp for conventional aircraft and helicopters. There was, again, no noise at all. When a plane came over during the sighting it was easily seen, heard, and differentiated.


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   31     3     67
                                            Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

On the night of the sighting I contacted the newspaper matrix mentoned and a the point wrote down the information which I thought important. Because of fear of ridicule and my wish not to be considered with a 'sighting' I kept the story between myself and the other witnesses. At this time however I have been persuaded by friends and relatives to tell and report this sighting. The facts seem to indicate that this object may have been caused by a light of some sort. We checked the various local airports and they were not using lights that might help. Furthermore, we were able to find that there were no gas station or store openings which might also use lights for various reasons.

I am contacting you without telling the other witnesses who do not know that I am reporting this. It caused me to write them and I am not like it but I am sending this, just the same.

Feeling to the objects: They at times were as close as one siplength (about 200 feet) and at other times were as far apart as eight or nine shiplenghts. I can not tell you of the feeling one gets when one sees an object of this sort. It is a combination of fear and wonder, unlike anything else. I have since become interested in the UFO phenomena and have tried to obtain some information. It is unfortunate that little complete and sound reports are available, but I hope that this will be of some help to you. Thank you for your time, etc.

[The last few lines at the bottom of the page are obscured by a black redaction bar]


- page 28 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? As I remember during its maneuvers, from a cloud, it did not re-emerge one time and was then not seen again till the next night when it appeared for a few minutes and then sped off.

15. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what made observation somewhat difficult. This object moved behind clouds as I have said, it moved between them, through, and under them.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what. However, it moved in front of cloud cover. It seemed to enjoy staying behind or in between clouds for long parts as I did not stay in front of clouds for long.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: ABSOLUTELY NO SOUND AT ALL.
b. Color: DULL WHITE, WHEN IN AND UNDER CLOUDS

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object would have been covered by the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? The match head would not cover. Very much fixed at just about covered it.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an elongated oval/elliptical object with annotations about its movement and positioning is included in the document.]


- page 29 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
21   4   65
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:   7   15
            Hours   Minutes
(Circle One)   A.M.   or   P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One)   a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

(Circle One)   a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
SCARSDALE                   NEW YORK
Nearest Postal Address       City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)   2   15   XXX
                                    Hours   Minutes   Seconds
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   5.1 How is light determined?   FIRST
   5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   NO XX

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY                      NIGHT
   a. Clear                 a. Clear
   b. Cloudy                b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)   a. In front of you   d. To your left
               b. In back of you    e. Overhead
               c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTD FORM                    This form supersedes FTD 168, Jul 61, which is obsolete.
OCT 62 164


- page 30 -

ON HEELS OF CHASE

Beaver Co Times 19 Apr 66

Ad Plane Causes
Another UFO Flap

Another "flying object" was reported to several Beaver County police departments by many Beaver Countians Monday night, but it is now believed the object has been identified.

The reports came on the heels of the Sand many high-speed chase of an unidentified "flying object" from Ohio to Conway by police.

The strange object sighted Monday night over Beaver County was a private airplane with an illuminated advertising message under its wing.

The plane has been seen over the area by many local businessmen in the past, and was reported flying around Monday night.

MEANWHILE, investigation continues on the Sunday morning chase from south of Akron to Conway of a strange, bright white object that was chased by police cruisers at 103 m.p.h.

William Weitzel, Pittsburgh, member of the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP), a private UFO investigating agency, reported on Monday night's investigation.

Deputy sheriffs Dale Spaur and W. L. Neff, who tracked the object, planned to return to Ravenna today to continue their investigation.

Spaur said he talked Monday with Maj. Hector Quintanilla Jr., head of the Air Force's "Project Blue Book" at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Day. Ohio.

Project Blue Book is charged with official government investigation of UFOs.

Spaur said he was surprised (Please Turn to Page 14, Col. 2)

(Continued from Page 1)

that Quintanilla didn't get into much detail of the sighting. It was reported that the Air Force has requested Chief Buchert to send his pictures to them at Wright-Patterson.

Although members of several private UFO investigation groups were interviewed, it was reported that no government officials had been in Ravenna.


- page 31 -

Utica-Rome Area Buzzin' Over Illusive UFOs

By PETER CALASCH

Something is playing hide-and-seek with us above our heads at night in the Mohawk Valley. Wherever it is, Griffiss Air Base and Mohawk Airlines personnel across the Valley from each other have spotted unidentified flying objects (UFOs). What they'd do then is an unanswered question.

THESE REPORTS intensified last week, along a canal area a mile west of the huge Griffiss Air Base in Rome.

A week later, Upper West Thomas Street neighbors great curiosity at flashing lights hovering over the canal for almost three hours. Though Griffiss later denied it, they saw planes from the air base trying to find it. The UFO would duck out of sight, and reappear when the planes left.

UFO SIGHTINGS through out the Mohawk Valley cropped up earlier a week of reports swept from faraway Michigan earlier in the month. That doesn't mean a thing to Ken such a Peck, 21, of 117 River St., Rome, and his girl friend Carol Brockay, 16, of 518 S. George St. in that city.

In one as a "boomerang" with flashing lights hovered 120 feet above them.

Peck said, "Well I'm not much with his West Thomas neighbor, who has been watching UFOs through binoculars at UFO headquarters."

He said reports had been sent to Dayton within a month from area residents, the most in years.

Mohawk spokesman also noted their pilots or others flying had seen UFOs on routes to and from Ohio. "But we're sure like in," one said. "It would be a tremendous thing."

THE COUPLE'S report has been relayed to the Foreign Technology Division at Wright-Patterson Air Base, Dayton, Ohio.

She's too down to earth."

Griffiss spokesman definitely were tracking UFOs, but had base personnel seen any "that we know of." They came the colors.

"They're pretty weird. What distinguishes me is that highly qualified people see these other things."

Another: "Many years ago I chased a UFO in an interceptor out of Chicago. I never saw it, just a blip on the (radar) screen. We're shooting things into space. Maybe they're shooting things back at us."

A MOHAWK AIDE recalled that, after World War II, an American general in Japan told the U.S. was experiencing meeting with top-secret vehicles. There was never a finding that would shed light, he added.

"So many things from the days of Buck Rogers in the comics have come true," he said. "Why not the saucers!"


- page 32 -

Probe of 'Flying Saucer' Reports
May Be Only Way to Learn Truth
Utica Daily Press - 16 Apr 66

Police say that the "big red ball" seen in the Schenectady area Thursday evening was a hoax, but, prank or not, it probably will not dim public interest in UFOs (unidentified flying objects). It has not in other places—California, for example, where earlier this month four California Institute of Technology students gave Pasadena area residents a scare with plastic balloons with red flares dangling from rotating blades. The West Coast continues to be one of the busiest "flying saucer" areas.

What about UFOs? People have been talking about them for two decades. Recently, some obviously are myths, fragments of the imagination of people who apparently believed what they wanted to believe. The Air Force has investigated everything reportable to it, and by the end of 1965 had checked on 10,147 incidents. Last year, there were 886. The largest number was 1,501 in 1952. In 1966 may set a record at the present rate of reports.

Last week, for example, a Hillsdale County, Michigan, civil defense official, said the wavering red, white and orange lights he saw through binoculars "definitely came from some type of vehicle." On the same day, an Air Force electronics instructor in Oklahoma described a "fish-shaped object" that he watched for 30 minutes and photographed.

REP. GERALD R. Ford of Michigan, the House minority leader, has proposed a congressional study. He thinks the House Select Committee on Aeronautics Committee should review the "flying saucer" situation, calling in as many creditable witnesses as it can find.

Since the Air Force has revealed little in its reports and admits that more than 600 objects remain "unidentified," perhaps this is the only way fact can be separated from fancy.

IT IS EASY to laugh at those who believe they have seen saucers. But always it has been easy to ridicule that which does not seem explainable or logical. The Wright brothers were considered very odd fellows 60 years ago by those who said they could prove that man never could fly. And, as late as 1956, members of a British Royal Commission were labeling the idea of sending men into space "as too uncertain of success to be considered as a national program."


- page 33 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
April 29th. I first got my children safely placed at school, so left.
was when out driving, disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Only Slight   No    Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind.
object cut over the house.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes    No    Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: April 29th. no particular cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: did no
b. Color: 30 ft. white, light, possibly silver
c.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
April 29th. possibly 1/8
April 30th. approx. 1/16

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included with annotations about the object's movement and appearance]


- page 34 -

'UFO' Seen
Sent Late
Flying Over
Schenectady
SCHENECTADY, N.Y. (AP)—
A "big red ball" flew over this
city Thursday night and more
than 50 residents told city police that they saw it from altitudes ranging from a mile high
to "a few hundred feet above
my house."
(Office AFB received a number of calls about the object.)
A Schenectady newspaper,
however, reported today that it
had learned the object was a
helium-filled balloon, with a 30-minute flare-fuse attached to it.
The newspaper did not name
who the pranksters might be or
how it discovered the trick.
A newsman for Radio Station
WGY, in Schenectady, said he
saw the object for about 10 minutes before it burst. He described it as similar to the showering of a roman candle firecracker. This, police said,
would have explained the attached fuse.
John Hamilton, a police officer, said he answered about 50
telephone calls between 8 and 9
p.m. from residents who reported seeing the object.
Police said today they did not
plan to investigate the incident.


- page 35 -

M/R Received a call from a gentleman from Springfield at 0305, 1 April 1966. He wanted to know if we had been out to the wheat field out by Springfield that had been scorched.

Told him we didn't know anything about it.

He said it was on the front page of the paper yesterday evening in Springfield. The man had reported it to the Air Sheriff. The sheriff told the man he didn't have time to go out and investigate it. Wanted to know if we were going to do anything about it. Sgt. Jones replied that the Air Force can not do anything until the observer reports it to the Air Force.

The gentleman said, Oh, well I guess I'll go up and tell my neighbor about it cause it was in his field.


- page 36 -

Here is the text from the newspaper page:

THE SUN, Springfield, O.
Friday, April 1, 1966

Flying Saucer Analyst
Quits After 9,000 Cases

FAIRBORN—Sgt. David Moody, 43, of 1344 Ironwood dr., here, has quit investigating flying saucer reports. After studying nearly 5,000 cases in 5 years, he resigned Thursday from the Investigation office at Wright-Patterson Air Force base.

Moody says that while some cases are unexplainable, he has seen no evidence at all that the objects were extraterrestrial flying objects.

He retired after 20 years of service in the Air Force and will continue working for the Air Force as a civilian at the base. He also got into the UFO probing business because of his psychology background and experience.

Navy and Air Force Intelligence, he helped set up files on the UFO cases reported to the base and took part in the investigation of some of the puzzling cases.

At the most puzzling case of his career, Moody says, was the flying saucer sighting April 5, 1964 in Socorro, N.M. which is still unsolved.

In that case, a city policeman, reported seeing an egg-shaped object on the desert in central New Mexico. When he approached, the object rose and flew away, he reported.

Helicopters and practice lunar landing modules from nearby White Sands Missile range were ruled out but investigators were unable to come up with a satisfactory explanation.

Two girls near Lansing, Mich., saw another, presented a puzzler with observation of a mystery light that looked like a lighted goldfish bowl.

The analyst thinks it was a small patch of ground fog that drifted across a road from a neighboring pond.

Several reports came up last year, Moody said, including photographs taken by a man in California and a fake "launch site" in New Jersey.

"On the whole, the reports come 90 per cent from sincere, honest people who are just curious to find out what they've seen."

In addition, right-hand man for Moody and right-hand man for Air Force Project Blue Book is the man at the air base.

Last year, of some 900 cases, only 19 remain unknown, he said. The sightings were identified as: balloons, satellites, miles, lightning, birds, meteors, or other known causes. Perhaps 100 or so can't be categorized because of insufficient data, he said.


- page 37 -

Here is the text from the document:

"Burned" Spot-Was It A UFO?

That question was posed Thursday after Charles Schneider of Middle Urbana Rd. discovered a strange "burned" spot 12 feet long in his field of winter wheat at Middle Urbana corner of 11th and Urbana streets.

It was this way over the past weekend," Mr. Schneider said. "It was sudden and it first looked like a meteor crater."

In the center it was actually burned and was scorched and dry. There wasn't a bit of wheat left at the center of the spot. A little bit of leaf that was left was wilted and brown and was very dry.

"There wasn't a trace of any kind of ash around, or any moisture of any kind," he added.

"Frank, in his scientific way of finding out what has happened," Mr. Schneider pointed out that there were no tracks except his own around the brown spot in the green field.

He said, "I've never seen anything like this in my 57 years of years of farming."

I learned if I know what caused those UFO things. But what in the deuce would cause something like that?

I didn't find any acid container or anything like that near the "burned" spot which might have caused the "burn." I saw a field of wheat and some other debris in the field indicating that the spot might have been caused by an object dropped from a plane.

Dropped to "excessive heat," which he called could have been due to a browned area. The earth at the center of the area has the appearance of having been freshly cultivated.

"They can do just about anything these days."

Meanwhile a number of Springfield area residents observed the UFO over Springfield Wednesday about 8 p.m.

This marked the seventh such sighting in or near Springfield.

An Air Force investigation said the object was similar to the Echo II satellite.

Mr. Schneider said his wife and daughter saw the object in the wheat field Tuesday night. He said he took her home and returned to investigate.

"It was a dry, then he said, "and I didn't notice it before."

He couldn't say how long the object had been there and he hadn't noticed it before and be-

[Continued on caption of image]

Caption of image:
Charles Schneider of 3383 Middle Urbana rd. examines the odd "burned out" spot, 12 feet long, in the center of one of his wheat fields. "I never saw anything like it before in my 57 years of farming," he said, wondering if it could have been caused by an unidentified flying object.

[Rest of caption text is partially illegible]


- page 38 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Hayden Calls Saucer Tales
'100 Percent' Hallucination'

The case of Washington area astronomers yesterday gave a perfect start to recent reports of unidentified flying objects - "flying saucers" - 100 percent hallucination.

Dr. Frank J. Hayden of the University said they are seeing things. But he also predicts the saucers "will continue to increase."

Dr. Hayden, in his year at Georgetown, said he believes the phenomenon of flying saucers is "continuing."

He said "no one has ever seen a living saucer" and added he does not believe people who report seeing saucers are "crackpots or crazy men."

In question these men, the 35-year-old astronomer said, can be interpreted. He said reports of saucers with the increasing number of aircraft and other vehicles in the sky "can be interpreted."

Hayden confessed that ago I thought I had seen a close-up of this teardrop-shaped object floating.

THE REV. F. J. HEYDEN

Hayden said he is not troubled by what he calls the "hallucination" of space flights. He does not believe the sightings are caused by weather and other satellites.

Solar system, Alpha Centauri, the 11th star, are away, but in 50 miles a second, which is twice the earth's orbit speed, it would take thousands of years to go to earth from Alpha Centauri.

He said he does not believe men will get to outer space in the near future.

After man reaches the moon, he said, he will find it is, although he most likely surprisingly barren, like his atmosphere "just like a desert."

He could not land there because of its heat, temperature and radiation from the sun's other planets.

Hayden said he is convinced that life cannot exist on other planets because of the conditions.


- page 39 -

Here is the text from the document:

DAILY NEWS
April 3, 1966

THIS IS PHOTO TAKEN OF GALAXY 10 FROM HALE OBSERVATORY
It Is Possible Life May Exist In Galaxies Beyond Our Own—UPI

SOMEWHERE A KRYPTON?

Did Superspacemen
Visit Earth Once?
By United Press International

WASHINGTON, Apr. 2 — 
(UPI)—At a recent meeting 
of the American Astronomical 
Society here an astronomer 
suggested the possibility that 
superspacemen from far be-
yond our tiny corner of the 
universe may have visited 
earth briefly at times in the 
past few billion of years.

At least one of these visits, 
said Dr. Carl Sagan of Har-
vard university, may have 
occurred in historical times.

SO IT MIGHT APPEAR that 
the best place to look for ev-
idence of other technical civ-
ilizations on other planets might 
be in the radio signals they 
might here on earth.

But wind and water and cor-
rosion may well have wiped 
out all trace of artifacts left 
behind by any visitors from 
the depths of space.

(Thus even if Sagan is right 
and he does not make his in-
terpretation lightly) we would 
send the earth for proof that 
other civilizations do, indeed, 
exist.

ANOTHER scientists now believe 
that the most likely solution 
of planets in the universe 
might be to look for signs of 
life. On some of them, where 
the may have got started 
earlier than on earth, a more 
superior to ours may have de-

veloped and flourished for a 
while.

It is at least conceivable 
that many of them sent out 
feelers of one kind or another 
in an attempt to establish con-
tact with their peers.

The kind of far-ranging 
spacecraft imagined by Sagan, 
which might have to move 
nearly as fast as light for 
practical purposes, on a plan-
etary mission to another 
planetary system, strike many 
scientists as an unlikely de-
velopment.

SO THE BEST hope they 
see of interstellar contact 
would be radio waves, either 
itself or other electromagnetic 
waves, such as radio, which 
travel at the same speed.

Scientists of many countries 
are now getting ready to study 
in concert the technological 
problems involved in trying to 
answer the question posed by 
curious earthlings: "Are we 
alone?"

The problem is literally of 
cosmic dimensions. The sun, 
with its family of planets in-
cluding earth, is one of 100 
billion stars in the milky way.

THE MILKY WAY is one 
of perhaps 100 billion galax-
ies in the universe. Distance be-

tween stars in our galaxy is 
measured by light years — the 
distance light travels in a year 
at the speed of 186,270 miles 
a second. A light year is about 
six trillion miles.

Distances between galaxies 
is measured in hundreds of 
thousands, millions, and even 
billions of light years. The 
nearest star to the sun in our 
own home galaxy is about 4.25 
light years, or 25.5 trillion 
miles away.

So if a planet of the nearest 
star harbored an advanced 
civilization, it would take 125 
years for a radio signal to 
travel from it to us and the 
same time for an answer to 
go back.

SEEN IN RECENT years 
has mankind developed trans-
mitters powerful enough and 
receivers sensitive enough to 
make interstellar conversation 
possible.

Soviet astronomers in 
February proposed to the In-
ternational astronomical union 
that member nations coop-
erate in a five-year attempt 
to contact other civilizations 
by radio signals from the 
sun.

Within this region, astrono-
mers figure, there may be 10-
600 planetary systems similar 
to ours. This suggests noth-
ing that volume of space for 
the sort of patterned radio 
signals which intelligent be-


- page 40 -

Here is the text from the document:

SOMEWHERE A KRYPTON?

Did Superspacesmen Visit Earth Once?

By United Press International

WASHINGTON, Apr. 2 (UPI)— At a recent meeting of the American Astronomical Society, a scientist suggested the possibility that superspacemen from far beyond our tiny corner of the universe may have visited earth thousands of times in the past few billions of years.

At least one of these visits, said Dr. Carl Sagan of Harvard University, may have occurred in historical times.

SO IT MIGHT appear that the best place to look for the presence of other technological civilizations on other planets in this or other galaxies would be right here on earth.

But wind and water and corrosion may well have wiped out all trace of artifacts left behind by any visitors from the depths of space.

This even if a Sagan (anti-science does not state he is) human may have to look beyond the earth for proof that other civilizations existed, indeed.

MOST scientists now believe there must be literally billions of planets in the universe capable of supporting life. On some of these, where life earlier, technical civilizations superior to our may have

developed and flourished for a while.

It is at least conceivable that many of them sent out feelers of one kind or another in an attempt to establish contact with their peers.

The kind of far-ranging exploratory mission to say, nearly as fast as light for their crews to live out an exploratory mission to another planetary system, strike many scientists as an unlikely development.

SO THE BEST hope they see is by-civilization contact. Which might take the form of other electromagnetic waves, such as radio, which travel at the same speed.

Scientists of many countries are now getting ready to study in concert the technological problems involved in trying to answer the question posed by curious earthlings: "Are we alone?"

The problems are literally of astronomical size. The sun, with its family of planets, including earth, is one of 100 billion stars in the milky way.

THE MILKY WAY is one of perhaps 100 billion other multibillion-star aggregations. Distance becomes a problem.

Within this region, astronomers figure, there may be 10, some say 100, planetary systems similar to the sun's. The problem of detecting the sort of patterned radio signals which intelligent beings might transmit is far too big for any one nation, the Russians said.

RESPONSE by U.S. radio astronomers to the recent visit proposal was lukewarm. At best, American scientists are too busy trying to solve more immediate problems — such peculiar galaxies which incomprehensibly vast amounts of electromagnetic energy from incomprehensibly great distances.

Although scientists generally agree life must be fairly abundant in this and other galaxies, not confident that something like man has evolved elsewhere.


- page 41 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

The Skywrighter                                                                April 15, 1966

Retiring 'Project Blue Book' Sergeant
Explains Flying Saucer Mystery Away
Tgt. David N. Moody, an Air
Force investigator of recent Unidentified Flying Objects around Ann Arbor, Mich., retired from the Project Blue Book office of Foreign Technology Division.

The Michigan sightings were, however, a small percentage of those Moody has analyzed during almost five years with Project Blue Book since 1961, with 11,000 sightings from 1947 to 1965 filed with the Blue Book office. Moody evaluated all of those made in the last four years and reviewed all others except those in 1952.

When necessary he has gone to the area of the sighting to gather additional data for identification of the unidentifiable. Of these first-hand encounters with "mystery" objects, Moody reports that he has never seen any he could not explain ... even swamp gas.

Paradoxically, Moody says he believes in UFOs, but explains the apparent contradiction as one of semantics. "UFOs are the planes, mirages, meteors, satellites, kites, and other known objects," he said. He reported as flying objects, but cannot be identified immediately to the observer. Flying saucers are those crafts commanded by the green men from Mars. They do not exist.

"No one has ever come forward with proof of interplanetary visitation. In spite of all these reports (886 last year), the fact that we can explain such a significant number (670) leads us to believe that if we had more information in detail we would be able to explain them all.

"Almost all the reports we received," Moody said, "are objects, lights, or some sort of phenomena that the person has seen and misinterpreted. These can be explained from some known or conventional object that becomes or psychological factors, atmospheric conditions or unfamiliarity with phenomena—a person's own perception and how he observes and identifies incorrectly.

"But I don't mean psychological in a negative sense. In these sightings we are dealing with perception and optics, what we see, and how we see it, with motivation, suggestibility and a person's predisposition to see things, not with his intellect or integrity. Basically he is telling the truth—exactly what he thought he saw. Reports are by honest, sincere people."

Moody has an academic background suited to working with people and their reactions to UFOs. In addition to an bachelor of arts in psychology from Springfield College, he took a year's Graduate work at the University of Southern California.

Moody said, "probably 10 have not been forwarded. But once the reports does reach us, the research facilities and personnel of the entire Air Force are at our disposal to investigate physical objects—glass, paper, photographs and associated with the objects. We also send items to private industry for analysis by professionals in their specialized fields.

"We keep all reports ever submitted here, and evaluate them. If a report doesn't contain enough information for us to reach a conclusion, we request more information from witnesses or the reporting officer. This was the case in the Michigan sightings."

We also put additional investigators on the Michigan case because of the total number of sightings. Dr. Hynek could't physically handle the numerous reports, so four more persons—Maj. Quintanilla, myself, and two other men from Selfridge AFB—were sent.

(Maj. Hector Quintanilla, in the project officer of the Blue Book investigations. Dr. J. Allen Hynek, a Northwestern University astrophysicist, is the AF consultant on UFOs).

Ann Arbor area that were not swamp gas, and those had to be investigated. However, the general sightings that triggered the others were the swamp gas ones. And, by the way, this was only the third incident of swamp gas being reported as a UFO since 1948.

Moody welcomes further press reporting of the sightings. "Many times," he said, "the newspapers will publish an explanation—but sometimes no explanation—because it isn't newsworthy or sensational. Just a meteor or a picture of Venus. People are left with the idea that the Air Force didn't bother to explain it."

Hoaxey? Moody says that only four of the reported sightings last year were hoaxes. The Air Force has no means to take action against perpetrators. That is a matter for civil authorities.


- page 42 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF STATE
AIRGRAM

A-1203                 UNCLASSIFIED

TO: Department of State

FROM: Amembassy RIO DE JANEIRO         DATE: May 25, 1966

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

REF: DEPCIRC telegram 2116

The information contained in the reference telegram was circulated immediately to the Consulates pursuant to instructions. The following developments may be reported:

1) The press of May 3, 1966 (Jornal do Brasil from its correspondent in Porto Alegre) carried an item to the effect that a flying saucer had been sighted by thousands of persons in various small cities of the State of Rio Grande do Sul. It was described as a luminous object, throwing flames, similar to a jet airplane. It seemed to come from the Brazil/Argentine central and to proceed in the general direction of Porto Alegre.

This sighting is quoted as having taken place at 2300 hours local time on Saturday, April 30, It was reported by the Air Attaché of the Embassy, unclassified EPTO No. 0480 of May 1966, with copy to the Department of State.

Another communication advised that we were attempting to obtain more information from military and civil authorities in the area and to confirm the date and time of the report cited. These efforts brought no additional information whatsoever, not even confirmation of the sighting by authorities.

2) O Globo of May 3 quoted its correspondent in Curitiba, State of Parana, to the effect that, on the evening of May 2, hundreds of persons in Ponta Grossa had seen a great number of blue and red spots in the air above the city, causing an impression of a rain of colors, none of which [...]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 43 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Rtc A-1267

renched the ground. An identical phenomenon was observed by
some 300 people in Pirai do Sul, as well as in Ibatri, and in
the last case they spoke of a squadron of 13 colored objects,
flying at a very high altitude.

3) On May 13, Correio da Manha published an article under the
heading "Flying Saucer causes panic and leaves trace in Campos
(State of Rio de Janeiro)". From the correspondent in Campos
there, reporting that a strange mark left in the sand of the
Atafona beach was a proof for those who maintained that an
object of unknown characteristics had paused there, possibly a
flying saucer. The trace, some 35 cm long and 25 cm deep, was
found after a heavy explosion had alarmed the population and
caused panic in the locality.

The event took place at about 10 p.m. local time (no date was
mentioned) and in consequence thereof a movie session was
interrupted, because many spectators ran away afraid that it
might be an earthquake. From the trench in the sand emanated
a smell similar to that of sulphur, as testified by a local
police inspector, who accepted the version of a flying saucer.

RAINE

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 44 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ____________
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No

e. Binoculars       Yes   No
f. Telescope        Yes   No
g. Theodolite       Yes   No
h. Other ______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text in this section is partially illegible, but appears to reference some kind of cloud or object with a shape similar to something else]

Page 4 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 45 -

Here is the text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF STATE
AIRGRAM

A-1203                 UNCLASSIFIED

TO: Department of State

FROM: Amembassy RIO DE JANEIRO                 DATE: May 25, 1966

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

REF: DEPCIRC telegram 2116

The information contained in the reference telegram was circulated immediately to the Consulars pursuant to instructions. The following developments may be reported:

1) The press of May 3, 1966 (Jornal do Brasil from its correspondent in Porto Alegre) carried an item to the effect that a flying saucer had been sighted by thousands of persons in various small cities of the State of Rio Grande do Sul, was described as a luminous object, throwing flames, similar to a jet airplane. It seemed to come from the Brazil/Argentine border and to proceed in the general direction of Porto Alegre.

This sighting is quoted as having taken place at 2300 hours local time on Saturday, April 30. It was reported by the Air Attaché of the Embassy, unclassified EFTO No. 0480 of May 1966, with copy to the Department of State.

Another communication advised that we were attempting to obtain more information from military and civil authorities in that area and to confirm the date and time of the report cited. These efforts brought no additional information whatsoever. No confirmation of the sighting by authorities.

2) O Globo of May 3 quoted its correspondent in Curitiba, State of Parana, to the effect that on the evening of May 2 hundreds of persons in Ponta Grossa had seen a great number of blue and red spots in the air above the city, causing an impression of a rain of colors, none of which

[UNCLASSIFIED]

[Bottom of page contains additional administrative markings]


- page 46 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Ric A-1203
2

reached the ground. An identical phenomenon was observed by
some 360 people in Pirai do Sul, as well in Ibaiti, and in
the last case they spoke of a squadron of 13 colored objects,
flying at a very high altitude.

3) On May 13, Correio da Manha published an article under the
heading "Flying Saucer causes panic and leaves trace in Campos
(State of Rio de Janeiro)", from their correspondent in Campos
there, reporting that a strange mark left in the sand of the
Aroeira beach was a post for those who maintained that an
object of unknown characteristics had paused there, possibly a
flying saucer. The trace, some 35 cm along and 25 cm deep, was
found after a heavy explosion and alarmed the population and
caused panic in the locality.

The event took place at about 10 p.m. local time (no date was
mentioned), and in consequence the movie session was
interrupted, because many spectators ran away afraid that it
might be an earthquake. From the trench in the sand emerged
a smell similar to that of sulphur, as testified by a local
police inspector, who accepted the version of a flying saucer.

RAINE
[signature]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 47 -

DEPARTMENT OF STATE
AIRGRAM

A-1203                                  UNCLASSIFIED

TO: Department of State

FROM: Amembassy RIO DE JANEIRO                      DATE: May 25, 1966

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects
REF: DEPCIRC telegram 2116

The information contained in the reference telegram was circulated immediately to the Consulates pursuant to instructions. The following developments may be reported:

1) The press of May 3, 1966 (Jornal do Brasil) from its correspondent in Porto Alegre) carried an item to the effect that a flying saucer had been sighted by thousands of persons in various small cities of the State of Rio Grande do Sul. It was described as a luminous object, throwing flames, similar to a jet airplane. It was seen from the Brazilian Argentine frontier and to proceed in the general direction of Porto Alegre.

This sighting is quoted as having taken place at 2300 hours local time on Saturday, April 30, 1966. It was reported by the Air Attaché of the Embassy, unclassified EPTO No. 0480 of May 1966, with copy to the Department of State.

Another communication advised that we were attempting to obtain more information from military and civil authorities in that area and to confirm the date and time of the report cited, these efforts brought no additional information whatsoever, not even confirmation of the sighting by authorities.

2) O Globo of May 3 quoted its correspondent in Curitiba, State of Parana, to the effect: that on the evening of May 2 hundreds of persons in Ponta Grossa had seen a great number of luminous and red points in the air above the city, causing an impression of a rain of colors, none of which

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 48 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Rio A-1203

reached the ground. An identical phenomenon was observed by some 250 people in Pirai do Sul, as well as in Ibaiti, and in the last case they spoke of a squadron of 13 colored objects, flying at a very high altitude.

3) On May 13, Correio da Manha published an article under the heading "Flying Saucer Causes Panic and Leaves Trace in Campos (State of Rio de Janeiro)", from their correspondent stationed in Atafona reporting that a strange mark left in the sand of the Atafona beach was a proof for those who maintained that an object of unknown characteristics had passed there, possibly a flying saucer. The trace, some 35 cm long and 25 cm deep, was found after a heavy explosion had alarmed the population and caused panic in the locality.

The event took place at about 10 p.m. local time (no date was mentioned) and in consequence thereof a movie session was interrupted, because many spectators ran away afraid that it might be an earthquake. From the trench in the sand engenated a small similar to that of sulphur, as testified by a local police inspector, who accepted the version of a flying saucer.

RAINE

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 49 -

Here is the text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF STATE
AIRGRAM
A-1203                                UNCLASSIFIED

TO      : Department of State

FROM    : Amembassy RIO DE JANEIRO                      DATE: May 25, 1966

SUBJECT : Unidentified Flying Objects
REF     : DEPCIRC telegram 2116

The information contained in the reference telegram was circulated immediately to the Consulates pursuant to instructions. The following developments may be reported:

1) The press of May 3, 1966 (Jornal do Brasil from its correspondent in Porto Alegre) carried an item to the effect that a flying saucer had been sighted by thousands of persons in various small cities of the State of Rio Grande do Sul. It was described as a luminous object, throwing flames, similar to a jet airliner. It seemed to come from the Brazil/Argentine frontier and to proceed in the general direction of Porto Alegre.

This sighting is quoted as having taken place at 2300 hours local time on Saturday, April 30. It was reported by the Air Attaché of the Embassy, unclassified EPTO No. 0480 of May 1966, with copy to the Department of State.

Another communication advised that we were attempting to obtain more information from military and civil authorities in that area and to confirm the date and time of the report cited. These efforts brought no additional information whatsoever, not even confirmation of the sighting by authorities.

O Globo of May 3 quoted its correspondent in Curitiba, State of Parana, to the effect that on the evening of May 2 hundreds of persons in Ponta Grossa had seen a great number of blue and red spots in the air above the city, causing an impression of a rain of colors, none of which

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 50 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Rio A-1203
2

reached the ground. An identical phenomenon was observed by
some 560 people in Pirai do Sul, as well as in Tuatui, and in
the last case they spoke of a squadron of 13 colored objects.
Flying at a very high altitude.

3) On May 13, Correio da Manha published an article under the
heading "Flying Saucer causes panic and leaves trace in Campos
(State of Rio de Janeiro)" from their correspondent stationed
there, reporting that a strange mark left in the sand of the
Atalaia beach was a proof for those who maintained that an
object of unknown characteristics had paused there, possibly a
flying saucer. The trace, some 35 cm long and 25 cm deep, was
round at the center, explosion had aroused the population and
caused panic in the locality.

The event took place at about 10 p.m. local time (no date was
mentioned), and a consequence thereof a movie scene was
interrupted, because many spectators ran away afraid that it
might be an earthquake. From the trench in the sand emanated
a small similar to that of sulphur, as testified by a local
police inspector, who accepted the version of a flying saucer.

RAINE
[signature]

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 51 -

Here is the text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF STATE
AIRGRAM

A-1203                     UNCLASSIFIED                     FOR RM USE ONLY

TO: Department of State

FROM: Amembassy RIO DE JANEIRO

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

REF: DEPCIRC telegram 2116

The information contained in the reference telegram was circulated immediately to the Consulates pursuant to instructions. The following developments may be reported:

1) The press of May 3, 1966 (Jornal do Brasil from its correspondent in Pôrto Alegre) carried an item to the effect that a flying saucer had been sighted by thousands of persons in various email cities of the State of Rio Grande do Sul. It was described as a luminous object, throwing flames, similar to a jet airplane. It seemed to come from the Brazil/Argentine direction and to proceed in the general direction of Pôrto Alegre.

This sighting is quoted as having taken place at 2300 hours local time on Saturday, April 30. It was reported by the Air Attaché of the Embassy, unclassified EPTO No. 0480 of May 1966, with copy to the Department of State.

Another communication advised that we were attempting to obtain more information from military and civil authorities in that area and to confirm the date and time of the report cited. These efforts brought no additional information whatsoever, nor even confirmation of the sighting by authorities.

2) O Globo of May 3 quoted its correspondent in Curitiba, State of Paraná, to the effect that on the evening of May 2 hundreds of persons in Ponta Grossa had seen a great number of blue and red spots in the air above the city, causing an impression of a rain of colors, none of which caused damage.

UNCLASSIFIED                                     FOR DEPT. USE ONLY


- page 52 -

UNCLASSIFIED

Rio A-1203
2

reached the ground. An identical phenomenon was observed by
some 250 people in Pirai do Sul, as well as in Dhaili, and in
the last case they spoke of a squadron of 13 colored objects,
flying at a very high altitude.

3) On May 13, Correio da Manha published an article under the
heading "Flying Saucer causes panic and leaves trace in Campos
(state of Rio de Janeiro)" from their correspondent stationed
there, reporting that a strange mark left in the sand of the
Atafona beach was a proof for those who maintained that an
object of unknown characteristics had passed there, possibly a
flying saucer. The trace, some 35 cm long and 25 cm deep, was
found after a heavy explosion had alarmed the population and
caused panic in the locality.

The event took place at about 10 p.m. local time (no date was
mentioned), and in consequence thereof a movie scene was
interrupted, because many spectators ran away afraid that it
might be an earthquake. From the trench in the sand excavated
a small similar to that of a flying saucer, as testified by a local
police inspector, who accepted the version of a flying saucer.

RAINE

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 53 -

1 - 12 MAY 1965 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

May     New Bedford, Massachusetts                            Insufficient Data
May     Alaska                                                Insufficient Data
May     Fort Pierce, Florida                                  Insufficient Data
May     Huntington, West Virginia                             Insufficient Data
May     Columbus, Ohio                                        Insufficient Data
1       Holly, Michigan                                (PHOTOS)   Visi Insufficient Data
                                                              Photo: Lost before
                                                              analysis

2       Lakewood, California                                  Aircraft
2       Pittsburg, Pennsylvania                               Insufficient Data
3       New York, New York                                    Insufficient Data
3       Dayton, Ohio                                          Astro (VENUS)
3       Milledgeville, Georgia                                Insufficient Data
4       Indianapolis, Indiana                                 Insufficient Data
4       Columbus, Ohio                                        Satellite
4       Charleston, West Virginia                             Aircraft
4       Oxford, Ohio                                          Balloon
4       Long Island, New York                                 Satellite
4       Columbus, Ohio                                        Insufficient Data
4       Indianapolis, Indiana                                 Insufficient Data
4       Columbus, Ohio                                        Aircraft
5       Fair Oaks, California                                 Insufficient Data
5       Columbus, Ohio                                        Aircraft
5       South Jamesport, New York                             Aircraft
5       Columbus, Ohio                                        Insufficient Data
5       Winter Park, Florida                                  Insufficient Data
5       Columbus, Ohio                                        Aircraft
6       Colorado Springs, Colorado                            Aircraft
6       Jackson, Ohio                                         Insufficient Data
6       South Acton, Massachusetts                            Balloon
6       Columbus, Ohio                                        Aircraft
7       Westhampton Beach, New York                           Aircraft
7       Orlando, Florida                                      Aircraft
7       Columbus, Ohio                                        Astro (ALTAIR)
7       Rye, New York                                         Insufficient Data
7       Goodfellow AFB, Texas                                 Unidentified
7       Columbus, Ohio                                        Astro (MOON)
8       New Castle, Ohio                                      Astro (MOON)
8       Macon, Georgia                                        Aircraft
9       Norwood, Ohio                                         Aircraft
9       Orlando, Florida                                      Insufficient Data
9       Spring Branch, Texas                                  Aircraft
10      20, SON, 175 52W (Pacific)                            Satellite
10      Potsdam, New York                                     Insufficient Data
10      Cobston, Ohio                                         Satellite
11      Camden, Ohio                                          Insufficient Data
11      Leetonia, Ohio                                        Astro (ARCTURUS)
11      Dayton, Ohio                                          Insufficient Data
12      Lynchburg, Virginia                                   Astro (METEOR)
                                                              Other (CONFLICTING DATA)


- page 54 -

[1-12 May 1966]

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE            LOCATION                SOURCE                  EVALUATION
Summer          Rossville, Georgia       [Blacked out]
3-5             Quebec City, Quebec,     [Blacked out] (Ltr)
1               Arlington, Ohio          [Blacked out] (Ltr)
4               Niagara Falls, New York  [Blacked out] (Ltr)
5               Bellairs, New Jersey     [Blacked out]
6               Berry, Pennsylvania      [Blacked out] (164)
14              Battlecreek, Michigan    [Blacked out]


- page 55 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved lines to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Just saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture to show they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document also contains a compass rose diagram and two sketches with curved lines and markings, but as instructed, I will not describe those visual elements in detail.


- page 56 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
770

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted text with Sacramento, California location]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] Sacramento, 95822, Calif.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]   AGE 29   SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent:
[Handwritten text that appears to describe an observation, but is partially illegible due to image quality]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
30   April   1966   [Additional handwritten notes about reporting]


- page 57 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    23    Aug    1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Apr. 29, 1966

In the early morning went out onto our garage porch with the door to kitchen a little pushed in - our house was a L-shape with garage opening into kitchen. It was still dark so a cigarette with gauge opening into kitchen. I'll describe what I noticed and the only star I could see was very dim.

At 4:15. I started thinking - maybe something bright again in that direction and stopped and looked again. I noticed the star looked curved and off true lines and seemed to be moving up. This moving off was not the ground but a direct passing on - maybe 10 or 15 degrees. I was not completely sure of my own sight. I thought then it was possibly the light from Mother River overcoming it all with no glare and perhaps no far off. The last thing I thought of was a UFO and I was a little shaken up. I watched my neighbor with this idea - I had no idea, of course, and we watched it move up and had no idea. I watched a while longer, then just to get busy with morning chores - children off to school. That was the end of that. Later in the day I checked with another neighbor. Mrs. Del Thanner about it and morning and see if it came again. April 30 -

About 4:15 a.m. in the Del Thanner yard I saw the same (light) again. It was in so completely different course, motion. This at dawn before light. It was over the backyard fence and continued its rise at a fast moving pace, still it seemed a good direction. I & neighbor still standing there. Again, moving about same course and more in spite of this. I then once more began to change course and move in quite a different direction and while


- page 58 -

Here is the text from the document:

heat, casting a bluish green light. After a period of watching it disappeared from sight.

I believe in what I saw, but I do not believe I am qualified to say if this was an out-space, office, or something experimental from earth. Hope the information will be of some help.

Page 8 is also noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 59 -

