The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE: TIME GROUP 26 OCT 62 2400/02
3. SIGHTING TIME: 9:00 PM
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: Circling, stationary
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA

The observer sighted and photographed a large bright silver-white approaching object, which then appeared to come from the east. No noise was heard at any time.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

FIRST SIGHTING OF THIS TYPE OBJECT-
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle one) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle one) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] 
AREA CODE 315 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
I am a High School graduate and am employed as a Clerk-Typist of a local bank, a position I have held for 14 years.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? November 7, 1966 I contacted The Herald Journal and gave them the picture and after several weeks they were by and they did not return it. It became necessary for me to call and ask it if was returned without being published.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image consists of a sketch and text related to a Project Blue Book UFO report.

Text found in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the earth where the object was high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the sketch to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the sketch where you first saw the object.

30°
B 75°
60° 
45°
30°
15°
0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

TURNING
NORTH

MOVING WEST

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

THERE WAS ONE OBJECT.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12 October 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific point questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
The object made 2-1 minute flights over the city, completing the first flight it vanished momentarily, then returned. The object made 3 flights within a 3 minute period both flights and return. 
Ques. 10 & 11. In answer to #10 I stated that the object did not appear as a solid. In answer to #11, the object did not appear as a star.
Ques. 13. The object did not change brightness at any time. However, when I observed it through the distance the object would naturally appear smaller and less outstanding. 
Since I took the photograph of this object, I have observed no further flights. As of the above date I have not seen anything that resembles the object and all of the negatives were returned complete. My eyesight and hearing are excellent and I can hear the object making no sound. If there was any type of known propulsion involved, I would have been able to hear it.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document with textual information about photographic data, including details about the type and make of camera, lens, film, shutter speed, lens opening, filters used, and other technical details about the camera setup. The text is as follows:

PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA

1. Type and make of camera Exa 35mm

2. Type, focal length, and make of lens Wirpar, f=135mm

3. Brand and type of film Eastman Kodak Co., Kodacolor

4. Shutter speed used 1/50 sec.

5. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop 4.5

6. Filters used None  

7. Was tripod or solid stand used No

8. Was "panning" used No

9. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true its angle with respect to the ground. Bearings Angle 180°

10. If supplemental information is unobtiainable, the minimum required are the type of camera, and the smallest and largest shutter speed readings of the camera.

- page 5 -

The image appears to contain a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this specific page.

OCR Output:

Syracuse, New York
August 31, 1966

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Dear Sir:

The following is a description of a possible UFO which I observed and photographed the night of October 26, 1966. Enclosed you will find 1 Kodacolor print, 1 Kodacolor slide, 1 photocopy written by a resident of Manlius, New York with whom I am acquainted, 1 sketch of the object's flight pattern and the course it addressed, strange envelope.

DATE OF SIGHTING: October 26, 1966
TIME OF SIGHTING: 9:30 P.M. Eastern Standard Time

I was in the back yard of my home, located at the above address, photographing the moon using an Exa with a Wirgar f=13.5 lens set at infinity with an opening of 4.5 at 1/50 a pair of 7 X 50 binoculars. Turning away from the moon, I had already exposed the central I saw a brilliant, silvery light approaching slowly from the east approximately 20° above the horizon. The brightness of the light was comparable to that of a mobile headlight at a distance of 75' when set on high beam. The light did not appear to stand still at any time, after its sudden appearance, did not up or explode, leave a visible trail, change shape or it approached the zenith, the light lost its silvery brilliance and became milky white but did not lose its brilliance.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and extract all the text found in the document:

Although I did not see a definite shape, this object, I properly be classified as such, did not move in front of anything and appeared to be solid. I wear eyeglasses and the object through 7 x 50 binoculars which did not reveal or clue to its identity. The area was exceptionally quiet and heard no sound of any kind during the entire sighting. The size of the object was comparable to a baseball held at arm's length and appeared to grow smaller as it receded toward the east. I was outdoors during the entire sighting in a residential area of the city and was facing east when the object appeared. The sky was clear with a few stars, full moon, no clouds or wind. The weather was dry and cold. No one was with me at the time of the sighting. I cannot estimate the speed or direction of the object although the slowness and sharp turn made by it in my opinion, rule out a conventional aircraft. The 2 identical flights over the city and vanished in the area it first appeared. Each flight took approximately 1 minute. I have enclosed a sketch as well as a print of the object because it was not distinct enough to be studied the object through binoculars and did not show up, however, the slide when projected shows a purple glow or aura surrounding the object. Any information you can give on the nature of this object would be appreciated. My name is [REDACTED], I am 32 years old, a High School graduate and am employed as a Clerk-Typist in the [REDACTED], a local bank, a position I have held for 14 years.

- page 7 -

The image contains a diagram depicting the movement of an unidentified object. The diagram shows the object moving from east to west, then turning north, and continuing in that direction until it vanished. The text below the diagram describes the object's motion, stating that it appeared at a point "A" 20 degrees above the eastern horizon and moved west until it reached a point 80 degrees above the eastern horizon, at which point "B" the object turned north and continued turning, remaining in that direction until it vanished.

The text found in the document is as follows:

"The object appeared at Point "A" 20° above the Eastern horizon and moved West until it reached a point 80° above the Eastern horizon. At Point "B" the object turned North, then continued turning, continuing in that direction until it vanished."

- page 8 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document that discusses a sighting at an airport.

Transcribed text:

Another UFO?
Airport 'scorns' sightings 
To the Herald-Journal:
I am writing to you in reference to the article printed in the Oct. 30 edition.
On the night of Oct. 25, 1966, I observed in Skaneateles a strange object in the sky. It would recede to the eastern horizon and come back overhead, and I was intrigued by the object and drove over to a friend's house. He stated his relatives were witnesses to it also.
I called Hancock Airport and a man answered politely and asked me what I was calling for. At first I told him of the sighting. He said that they had no actual sightings and that the men operating the airport were just "poking fun" at them.
He said no. Then I inquired as to the reason regarding lights on planes that I have observed to have flashing lights. I then told him what I have stated so far. He then stated that they do not get reports of anything as UFOs.
If a person has alleged to have seen something the only reaction he ever receives from the monitors at Hancock Field is one of negative and sarcastic views. I don't maintain these are UFOs but maybe some of these people who have seen something on the ground or in the sky would lie hesitant to report it, and maybe the facts do exist.
GREG SMITH

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten note that says "This case contains 3 photos and 3 1/2 x 3 1/4 slides negatives."

Text from the document:
This case contains 3 photos and 3 1/2 x 3 1/4 slides negatives.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document page with the header "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" and "UNCLASSIFIED" printed at the bottom.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 11 -

There is a photograph present in this image, which appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book. The document contains a description of a UFO observation that occurred on October 26, 1966 in Syracuse, New York.

Here is the output of the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system for the text found in the document:

TDJT (UFO) MAJ QUINTANILLA/70916/MSS/30 DEC 67
UFO Observation, 26 October 1966

Miss ___, Syracuse, New York 13207

1. This replies to your correspondence of August 31, 1967 on the identification of the slide was examined by photo experts at Wright-Patterson AFB where the following results:

a. The cause of the image on the film cannot be positively identified. The slide appears to show 3 images or dark spots or circles, which may have been caused by several streaks. These streaks are part of the image and are not described in the emulsion. A comparison of the slide and the color print shows somewhat different and possibly additional streaks not visible on the emulsion. Also, the water bubble does not appear to be the source. The original color material is not available. Without the original material, detailed analysis into the possible causes of the imagery cannot be made.

2. No further investigation into your observation will be made as your findings concur in October 1966 and since there were no other data or witnesses to support further inquiry into this instance.

3. Enclosed are your slide, print and one enlargement. Thanks for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

(Signed)
VICTOR J. QUINTANILLA, JR., MAJOR, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 12 -

There is no photograph or image present in this scanned document page. The page is blank except for the header text "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC" and the text "UNCLASSIFIED" at the bottom.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 13 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this document. The image shows a blank page with the header "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" and the text "UNCLASSIFIED" at the bottom.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 14 -

The image contains a "PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT" from Project Blue Book dated 26 October 1966 regarding an "UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT" sighted in Syracuse, New York. The report provides details about the photography, including that there is one 35mm colored slide and one 3.5 inch by 5 inch colored print. The report states that the cause of the image cannot be positively determined, and provides some details about the content of the image. There is no human face visible in the image.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NR 67-87
DATE OF
SUBJECT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION Syracuse, New York DATE 26 October 1966
PHOTOGRAPHY
AF IR QUALITY Fair
P NRS One 35mm colored slide and one 3.5 inch by 5 inch colored print.
1. PURPOSE: This report answers Work Order Number 67-135 submitted by MOTR, which requested an analysis be made on the submitted photo slide and print which were reported at Syracuse, New York, 26 October 1966.
2. ANALYSIS: The cause of the image on the film cannot be positively determined. Elements of one silhouetted disc or light surrounded by several small specks are part of the image and not scratches on the emulsion. There is also a second, indistinct image of somewhat different and possibly printed image patterns. Also, small bubble patterns do not appear on the color print. Suggestive of secondary effects, rather than a primary light source. The original color material is not available. Without this material, the possible causes of the imagery cannot be made.
PHOTO ANALYSIS BY: ELLIS E. HAPP
Intelligence Research Specialist
APPROVED BY:

WILLIAM L. TURNER
Major, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysis

WILBER PRICE
Chief, Photo Branch

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document with the heading "FTD WORK ORDER" and various fields for entering work-related information.

FTD WORK ORDER
1. Description of Work: (Include title of unscheduled tasks.)
Date of Order: 1966-10-8292531
For: Syracuse, New York
18. Div. Chiefs Instructions/Modification or Expansion of Work Description

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a scanned document page from Project Blue Book related to a UFO observation report.

TPET/UFO (Maj. Quintanilla/70216/jaf/9 Oct 67) 
UFO Observation of 26 Oct 1966
Miss_________
Syracuse, N. Y. 13207
Dear Miss_________,
1. Reference your recent letter in which you requested information.
2. Since your observation occurred on October 26, 1966, we probably won't be able to identify the cause. However, if you could fill in the enclosed FORM 112, it would be evaluated for your sighting. 
3. When we receive your completed forms, your photograph will be analyzed. This process will require several months. After analysis has been completed, your photograph and slides will be returned to you.
4. If in the future you should observe another UFO, please contact your nearest Air Force Base so that a complete on-the-spot investigation can be made.
5. Thank you for reporting your sighting to the Air Force.

Sincerely,
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book 
1. AF Form 112
2. Photo Data

- page 17 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or survey with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object at night.

Text extracted from the document:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright
b. Dull, light
c. No moon
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:
An automobile headlight at a distance of 75' set on

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes/No)
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (Yes/No)
c. Break up into parts or explode? (Yes/No)
d. Change brightness? (Yes/No)
e. Change shape? (Yes/No)
f. Flash or flicker? (Yes/No)
g. Disappear and reappear? (Yes/No)

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with information fields to be filled out regarding a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can. The information that you provide will be used for scientific purposes only. We do not want your name to appear in any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 26 October 1966
2. Time of day: 9 Hour (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Syracuse City or Town New York
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Counted by: Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Counted
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ___ No X
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the: (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 19 -

The image contains a photograph of a hockey puck-shaped, translucent, illuminated object. The report states "A slightly enlarged hockey puck, translucent, illuminated by a silver-white light, burning steadily, moving with the puck forward and the entire puck at a flight angle to the horizon."

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (NO)

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
_________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (NO)

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
_________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
(c. Outdoors )
d. In an airplane (type) _________
e. At sea
f. Other _________

23. Were you
(Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country? 
g. Other _________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars (Yes) No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other _________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.

A slightly enlarged hockey puck, translucent, illuminated by a silver-white light, burning steadily, moving with the puck forward and the entire puck at a flight angle to the horizon.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a form with questions about a reported UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
As it receded toward the eastern horizon, the object appeared smaller and vanished approximately 20 degrees above the eastern horizon.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes      No      Don't Know.
IF you answer'yes', it moved behind:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes        No      Don't Know.
IF you answered 'yes', it moved in front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  There was absolutely no sound emitted at any time.
b. Color  Silver-white approaching zenith, became milky white.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known length of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Less than half of a 1/2 section of the entire object.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing any particular features of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. 
Since it is difficult to draw the proper perspective, this object as I saw it seemed to right angle to the grounds, moving westward occasionally brilliant to west, ocassionally dull dark grey object. Since I have seen the idea that they would assume that they would appear to flash or flicker when light were committed. These says would be in color to the object.

- page 21 -

