Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 1007 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
15 April 66 15/1000Z

2. LOCATION
Alexandria, Virginia (1 Witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (VENUS) Prob. Venus in sight, great

VENUS, RA 22.39, stellar mag -3.9, is low in the east and to the right of the moon.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer saw a bright shiny object in the sky which was almost parallel to the moon and a great distance apart. It glowed with a fiery brilliance. The object remained stationary.

Handwritten notes at bottom:
Probability of beam needs checking. Venus does!, not appear large moon!

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

St.
Alexandria, Va.
April 18, 1966

Department of the Air Force
Attn: AFCIN - UFOB's
The Pentagon
Washington, D. C.

Gentlemen:

On the morning of 15 April 1966 at 5:00 a. m. I noted through my picture window a very bright shining object in the sky which I will attempt to describe. It was almost parallel to the moon and a great distance apart but in contrast seemed much larger than the moon and glowed very brightly in a fire-like brilliance. It did not seem to move but hovered in a stationary position for several minutes. (Upon seeing this, I wanted to confirm it by someone else so I awakened my husband, who also watched this object with me.) While we watched it, the object changed shapes, but still appeared in an almost stationary position.

After about 15 minutes, it appeared to be stationary, moving slowly upward and at a slight angle in the East. We watched the object move completely out of sight within was 30 minutes. From the time we first saw it. (We are attaching a drawing of the way this object appeared to us at first and the different stages as it changed shapes.)

I worked for the Director of Intelligence, 9th Air Force from 1956 to 1958 and have typed some of these reports but never thought I would see such a phenomenon myself. However, I felt it my duty to pass it on for whatever it might mean to the Air Force.

Sincerely,
(Mrs.)

Encl.


- page 2 -

Text found in the document:

The extensions sparkled

Moon

Top shape

Final Shape & Ascent

The image contains hand-drawn sketches of what appears to be a UFO or object in different stages, with a crescent moon drawn between the sketches.


- page 3 -

