PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
30 September 66

2. LOCATION
Niagara Falls, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Multiple

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Varied

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Varied

8. PHOTOS
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

10. CONCLUSION
Other (PSYCHOLOGICAL)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE:


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

aged in Niagara. Sites again only as fingertips
of light. Checked Battening track - verified my
observation of appearance of sites through small
teleacop. O aged moved along point of
sighting - seemed closer to earth appearance
changing.

[Two hand-drawn circles with small lines/marks inside]

Sept 23rd Called Air Force Base - spoke with Capt Hagen
re sighting - did not give him all the facts as I
knew them to tell me not to worry. Called him
back and gave more information. He called to come
at 9:30 pm Sept 26th 1966

Sept 24th 1966 UFO in west appeared about 8:30 PM
also sighted six descending slight in sky
around home.

Sept 25th Attended 6:30 PM Mass at St Leo's Church
Very nervous and sighting and what a was
doing - which I told nobody at the time
self passing sites at 7:20 PM - still light no
stars out. Tried out on Rte 5 & 16 intersection
with Rte #77 During time on Rte 5 & back
two distinct sights appeared and high with slight
of car. Turned on to Rte #77 and proceeded to
Clarence N.Y. and continued on to Lockport, then
on to Rte #78 to Rte #266 and home. This


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Pica 77 is sparsely populated out many more shrubs
objects appeared and lighted-through the sky in
visible range as a close my car. When I reached
home the objects back stationary positions high
in the sky in the area of city home.

Sept 26th

Morning. Called Capt. Meyer at AF Base -
requested to bring someone west in discharge full
with him. Informed him's believed could show him
means of communication with space craft.

Left home at 7:30 PM to meet a picture at
Settlers Cliff Store in Bristed Mills Shopping
Center. Go to railroad home across Maple Rd
towards intersection with Rte 263 I saw an
object flying through the air from the direction
of my route, toward my car the object
then moved about of my cart in the air.
I turned south into Franktown Rd the
object strangely changed direction and moved
parallel to my auto. When I pulled with the
discovery the object its my higher then this
apparent in circles.

Capt. Meyer and Sgt. Johnson was waiting
for me - rode in my - turned WLOS. Sighted
current object with red lights - motion confirms
tell officer I had seen it before - but never so close


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

It unsteady circles, the points of the horizon in
the area of my home. Object moved up and away
and disappeared into clouds

Quite closely out that looked at descending
objects. was told they were optical illusions but
to check movement. Hygienic affairs & believed
they were communications devices from the
space craft in the west. Told them I had
been talking to these devices since the fifteenth
of September attempting to tell them how
to behave if they wished to land.

Officers filled out official reports from
sighted through telescope and spoke a
written report of all events which had occurred.
from me. I requested they drive to Gowanda
Turning his area in charge to discover they
there as there were more of these things where
I was taken. They opted to follow me to crag
place & should suggest. We traveled possibly
and tracks to a newly found sector
of the road. Yet not of new. Clearly but
open patches of sky. Nothing made to
me that seem concerned about sightings

Bright object then become visible in sky.
Sue Johnson now south in site. Cogt.
Meyers engaged me in conversation about
object, asking which I saw


- page 4 -

I started that I was not a star but only the communications object & was familiar with, as I looked up & saw it described and I spoke to it as Capt Meyers told Searles me.

I explained he was the government representative & had headquarters army a facility for their scientific. I stated he did not believe he was seeing a communications device, but just a star which gave an optical illusion of movement. Capt Meyers did not address the object. When I stopped speaking he drifted as could high into the sky and became stationary.

After a few minutes more I got increasing interest was made by their officer as to what they had observed. Both were courteous and attentive to my statements and performed their jobs with efficiency that recommended to write a report to be furnished to Wright Patterson Air Force Base.

(So I returned home two of the which objects were within view of my car. At home I went out to drive. Describing objects were then sighted constitution basis - star, did not appear to move or a 'doubt of them'.


- page 5 -

I have made a good many statements to have bearing on this, some of which I will reiterate to Capt. Mack. I was asked to put these statements in my report. I will not. I will write them out tonight as I recall them. If the Air Force wants them they can pick them up.

These people want to hold and be received by our government. I am just an ordinary citizen, depending on the government of the United States of America to help in a situation which is beyond my authority. I am not getting that assistance.

No news media have as yet been contacted regarding this report.

Respectfully submitted,
September 28, 1966

Copies of this report are being sent to:

Capt. Harry Mack USAF as requested

President Lyndon B. Johnson

Santa Bwitt Colburn, R. Illinois


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

No CASE INFO QMLY

Sir/Gentleman & the Sec.,

On the evening of Sept 16th 1966
I was driving westerly on US 63. Approx 5 miles
north of Bloomfield. I saw what looked like
an airplane. I could not see any outlines. I
came as I was about a 1/2 mile away and
appeared to be about the same height ago.
Now what makes it strange was
that the pulsating red lights appeared to
be 3 of them. And I saw no white or
great lights. It was travelling west to west.
Watched the flight for what would
seem to me to be about a 1/2 of a
circle, sort of the "pointed triangle" was in sight
about 3 or 4 minutes. This middle
it travelling very slow and it appeared
to be travelling fairly slow.

Said not hear any motor sound.

Not trying to jack flying saucers,
but writing this because I saw an article
to notify people of any flying object
that couldn't be positively identified, to tell
people about it.

Respectfully Yours

[Signature/Name redacted]
5350'


- page 7 -

No care single only
19 Sept 66

Memo for the record: 4 April 67

22 Dec 66 Dayton, Ohio stopped by to discuss a rock structure that was found in Merlin County, Ohio. The rock was found on 14 Sept 66, KW had seen a rock like this in the area. He said that there were several pieces around the area. There was no indication of any fire around the area.

Physical Specimen was sent to The Air Force Material for evaluation on 27 Jan 67. A spectrographic analysis of the material showed it to be alpha ferric oxide (Fe2O3). No apparent source or use for the material could be determined.

Note: See Physical Specimen dated 19 Sept 66.


- page 8 -

TDEN/UFO /1st Lt Wm Marley/70916/mhs/26 Jan 67

Request for Analysis on UFO

JAN 2 7 1967

TDPA
ASF
IN TURN

Request analysis be performed on the attached sample to determine its contents. Sample was presented as an unidentified flying object. Object was found in Gallia County on 19 September 1966 and is the property of Mr. [redacted] of Dayton, Ohio. Request sample be returned to TDEN/UFO with your findings.

JOHN T.A. ELY, Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerospace Technologies Division
Technologies and Subsystems Directorate

1 Atch
Sample

COORDINATION

TDEN/UFO ________________ DATE 26 Jan 67


- page 9 -

AERONAUTICAL SYSTEMS DIVISION
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

Materials Applications Division LABORATORY

EVALUATION REPORT
ANALYSIS OF IGNEOUS ROCK

REPORT NR: WA 67-10                    DATE: 8 March 1967
PROJECT NR: 7381                        TYPE EVALUATION: Analysis
MANUFACTURER:                           SPEC NR:
SUBMITTED BY: ASF (Lt Bowen)            ITEM SERIAL NR:

I.   PURPOSE:
     Analysis of an igneous rock-like sample.

II.  FACTUAL DATA:
     1. The fused sample was submitted to MAAS to determine the material's
     composition and identify the alloy. See Figure 1.

     2. A spectrographic analysis of the material showed it to be alpha
     ferric oxide (α-Fe2O3).

III. CONCLUSION:
     Since the spectrographic analysis of the sample did not reveal an
     established alloy system, no apparent source or use for this material could
     be determined from the composition.

IV.  RECOMMENDATIONS:
     None.

THIS REPORT IS NOT TO BE USED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR ADVERTISING OR SALES PROMOTION PURPOSES

ASD FORM 64                                                     REPLACES WADD FORM 64 WHICH IS OBSOLETE.
JUN 61


- page 10 -

1 - 12 OCTOBER 1966 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

1       Stone Harbor, New Jersey                              Insufficient Data
1       Monsey, New York                                      Possible Aircraft
1       Dayton, Ohio                                          Astro (ARCTURUS)
2       Colorado Springs, Colorado                            Insufficient Data
2       Kansas City, Missouri                                 Balloon
2       Detroit, Michigan                                     Astro (METEOR)
2       Montevallo, Alabama                                   Insufficient Data
3       Lexington, Kentucky                                   Astro (CAPELLA)
3       Wall, South Dakota                                    Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
3       Pasco, Washington                                     Insufficient Data
4       Middletown, Ohio                                      Insufficient Data
4       Middletown, Ohio                                      Other (BIRDS)
4       Dayton, Ohio                                          Satellite (ECHO II)
4       Rochester, New York                                   Satellite (ECHO II)
4       Colorado Springs, Colorado                            Satellite (ECHO II)
5       Wilmington, Delaware                                  1. Possible Aircraft
                                                              2. Astro (METEOR)
5       Osceola, Wisconsin                                    UNIDENTIFIED
5       Beavercreek, Ohio                                     Possible Balloon
6       Fairborn, Ohio                                        Aircraft (F-111 with
                                                              After-Burner)
6       Woodbridge, Virginia                                  Insufficient Data
6       Dalton, Massachusetts                                 Astro (ARCTURUS)
6       Dayton, Ohio                                          1. Satellite (ECHO II)
                                                              2. Aircraft
7       [CENTURY WEST VIRGINIA]
7       Xenia, Ohio                                           Insufficient Data
7       Finlayson, Minnesota                                  Insufficient Data
7       Greenville, Ohio                                      Astro (SIRIUS)
8       East Dennis, Massachusetts                            Insufficient Data
8-15    Price, Utah                                           1. Vis: Astro(STAR/PLANET)
                                                              2. Photo: Other(GD LIGHTS)
8       Selfridge AFB, Michigan                               Possible Satellite
9       Coursegold, California                                Civilian/Military
9       Kodiak, Yakutat, Alaska                               Military
9       Altavista, Virginia                                   Insufficient Data
10      Waterloo, Iowa                                        Insufficient Data
10      Yonkers, New York                                     Insufficient Data
10-11   Philadelphia, Pennsylvania                            Insufficient Data
11      Merrick, New York                                     Astro (STARS)
12      Salisbury, North Carolina                             Aircraft
12      Philadelphia, Pennsylvania                            Possible Aircraft
12      Gainesville, Florida                                  Balloon
12      Peoria, Illinois                                      Astro (METEOR)
12      Silver Springs, Maryland                              Astro (METEOR)
12      Hazlet, New Jersey                                    Astro (CAPELLA)


- page 11 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 4621ST AIR BASE GROUP (ADC)
NIAGARA FALLS INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
NIAGARA FALLS, NEW YORK 14306

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: OOP/307

SUBJECT: UFO'S

3 October 1966

TO: Air Force Systems Command (FTD)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

1. Reference enclosed letter:

a. I asked Mrs. [redacted] to write this for me because she wanted to call the President and other government officials.

b. As far as I know, she has sent a copy of this letter to the President and Senator Dirksen as stated on the last page of letter.

c. As you know, Amherst is only 10 miles from Niagara Falls, however the envelope read "Air Mail - Special Delivery - Registered, etc". After talking to Mrs. [redacted] for 3 hours, both Lt. Johnson and I agree that she is mentally disturbed. She is about thirty (30) years old and has five (5) children, the oldest one being nine (9). She was constantly complaining how loud they were and that the radio was on full blast all day. Her husband ignores her completely.

d. Objects sighted during our visit were stars and airplanes; however, Ira. [redacted] insists they are not stars but communications systems from the UFO's and also introduced me to them.

e. This morning, 30 September 66, she called me and said she was not afraid and that I could remove the spot-lights from the area. She would talk to the UFO's and take care of everything. The spot-lights she was referring to were located at new car dealers lots, arriving with the new 1967 car models.

f. Again I say, the only reason I am forwarding this is to let you know it has been looked into and if an inquiry does arrive, you have an answer.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HARRY MILLER, Captain, USAF
Chief, Operations & Training


- page 12 -

1 - 12 OCTOBER 1966 SIGHTINGS
ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                   SOURCE    EVALUATION
Oct     Falls, Pennsylvania
Oct     Tarrytown, New York
Oct     Grand Rapids, Michigan
Oct     New Milford, New Jersey
Oct     Galling, New Mexico
Oct     AFO New York
Oct     AFO New York
1       Cape Pole, Alaska
3       Bham, Alabama
5       Commerceville, Indiana
6       Unknown
9       Worland, Wyoming
10      Princeton, New Jersey
10      Bowersville, Ohio
10      Edina, Minnesota
12-14   Grafton, West Virginia
12-14   Fresno, California

Source column appears to be mostly redacted/blacked out, with only one visible entry of "Ltr" (likely meaning "Letter")


- page 13 -

To: Captain Harry Meier USAF
Chief, Operations and Training
4621st Air Base Group
Niagara Falls, New York

Subject: Sightings of UFOs

During the last week of August, 1966, I, residing at [redacted] near, in the town of Amherst, New York, began circulating to check in the visible skyline west of my home to see if there were such things as unidentified flying objects. Although I did not, at first, keep a complete record of such sightings, the following record will indicate that said objects, to my knowledge, to exist, are visible to the sky, and some effort should be made by our government to establish contact with them.

Sept 1st 1966 UFO sighted moving across sky
Sept 3rd 1966 UFO sighted in sky moving
Sept 4th 1966 UFO sighted
Sept 7th 1966 Drove on east Erie County Saturday

Sheridan Drive, at 350 Sheridan Drive, Tonawanda, New York. A stationary object appeared in the sky west of my car while was in the parking lot. It hovered like a long thin width a blurb o


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

abr. No other show was visible at this time, which
was about 8:30 p.m.

Sept 9th 1966 Sighted digit west of house
Sept 10th and 11th Saturday night and Sunday morning
& first noticed the bright object west of my
home. Then I returned to my front porch and
observed the sky from 11:30 PM to 1:40 AM.

After 11:30 PM sighted seven moving objects,
high in the sky, as well as distant stars, to
the west of my home. These objects grouped
close together in erratic pattern, and moved
simultaneously to a position north of my
home, at 12:30 PM my neighbor's daughter
started to her home from an evening of
baby sitting. At this time I went outside
my home. By about 12:30 AM I went outside
and stood leaning against the porch railing
looking north at the sky. Within a few
moments an object began to move in
an easterly direction. About a minute
later, another object commenced to move
directly to the north. As I watched these
moving objects it suddenly fell on a slant
short and a set of magnetic pulling
sensation shot through my body.

I felt as if I were being paralyzed
& could hardly move to the South West and


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

now am obigt describing with fantastic
regularity directly toward me as if from
an enormous distance out in space. It
was blunt white in color and then seemed
to be flashing light to it.

I was terrified and with what was
an intense conscious effect of the will
grabbed for the handle of our storm door.
I leaped into the house and slammed the
inner door shut. I now directly returns to
my bedroom to overrun my husband to
tell him what had happened. I failed to a-
wake him fully but told him of the event
on Sunday morning. He was quite skeptical.

September 10th 1966. Being quite shaken by my
experience I did no observing that night.
Sept 12th 1966 In the evening, having determined
not to allow fear to prevail it went outside
to observe. Sighted two moving objects.
Sept 14th 1966. Went to a meeting at St. Fred's School

Eagleville, NY.

I parked in the parking lot about 8:30 P.M.
The sky was mostly obscured by clouds. I scanned
up and sighted 3 blunt objects high close my
head in the one open patch of sky.


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

From this date on, September 14th 1966 such evening I have sighted a deep object well of my home in the sky, it appears as a brilliant white star, Twinkling. On occasion this object moves in erratic fashion, sometimes north, sometimes south. It also changes position or its distance from the earth.

Sept 15th Left home in auto about 745 PM. proceeded to Niagara Falls Blvd and their Dept store. Observed two whitish/white objects in sky. One was suspended high in the west above the treetops the other was high in the sky directly above my head. Entered store, made purchase at 8:30 PM. Did not believe object were stars - They were still in sky when I entered my auto, one directly overhead.

Turned into Niagara Falls Boulevard, drove north to north-west road in the town of Amherst, turned said into N. Trench Road and proceeded through Amherst into the town of Clarence, N.Y. Trench road as still with construction on Clarence rd of followed same detour signs until I again crossed N. trench Road at a point where the eastern and western sections were still closed to traffic this is a sparsely populated area. I stopped by the road having


- page 17 -

Left the car lights of car on and got out. the night was bright and clear, with many stars in the sky. As I stood there, many white then blue objects gradually descended. None of jets were still high, just well below the bulk of the stars. These were electric wires crossing this intersection. These wires began to come up and down and emit a strong humming sound. The objects in the sky sent out in different sound hard to describe just like a microphone when it is out of order high pitched with pause, and then starting up again. Each object seemed to emit its own signal as it was quite noisy. Two cars passed by while I was there. When I saw headlights I set in my car until they passed. They did not stop.

After observing this phenomena for few and minutes I spoke aloud and said something like "My God, there is something up there! What do you want?" After observing for about fifteen minutes. Told, I got in my car and returned home.

Sept 16. I asked my husband to purchase a 60 power telescope. I was convinced.


- page 18 -

the alight well of our town was not a star and
wished to observe it more clearly. telescope
was purchased, description follows.

My big delta company inc.
60 power van pure telescope - van pure tube with
power from 15 x to 60 x. rock and pinion focus
ing for pinpoint observation. 60 mm coated
achromatic lens. length overall 26" 3 setting
web end metal tripod swivels 360° tilt to
45°.

Found telescope on mount to be power. pro-
jected view of moon distant. god tried could see
craters formed on object west of home. this
is how it appeared to be power. the net point
was stable. the yellow + sketch given sec-
tion appeared to indicate as would a
plane. my husband observed through the
telescope and saw the same object which I saw.

Sept 17, 1966 outside after 9:00 PM with telescope
sighted some object west of house. other
objects descending in sky when looked at.
when eye focused on them, they seemed to
a point, pause and then ascent to station -
only position. if you are up-doing with
eyes fixed on object, object they down
until you stop rotating then around


- page 19 -

Checked this out with a transit radio - turning it on. Turn off which weaving slept, some effect as if you are speaking. All the time you must be looking at the light.

Sept 18, 1966 Some sightings of sight in west through telescope.

Sept 19 Notified E B I. of UFO sightings, asked they turn all information on subject over to Air Force. Said they would notify Air Force say letter and would advise of my request for no publicity. Monday evening my husband and an associate Alfred Schaefer arrived about 10:45 PM. We sighted sight through thermos - as saw it as we left. Watched some sights descend and ascent. Husband and Mr Schaefer both claimed it was an optical illusion.

Sept 20, 1966 Completely cloud cover and rain - no sightings.

Sept 21, 1966 Called Air Force Base in Niagara Falls re sightings and descending sights. Was informed sighting and descent were possible optical illusion. Evening again - no sightings.

Sept 22, 1966 Sightings of sight in west mildly through telescope - sighted sites at some time had


- page 20 -

