PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
21 Oct. 66    1120Z

2. LOCATION
Rockaway, New Jersey    three witness

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
three

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Varied

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual Bx

7. COURSE
Varied

8. PHOTOS
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
1. Aircraft (possible)
2. Astro(Arcturus)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers were looking toward the west when they observed something moving toward the eastern sky. The object stopped in the sky at about a 30 degree angle from the horizontal. Through the 8x 8x object appeared to be red on the top with the bottom green. Also, the red appeared to be rotating. The object was seen beneath the handle of the mix Dipper. Suddenly another object was seen in the western sky. This red object stopped on a line level with the previously red and green light. This second object had a blinking white light. Several minutes later another object was seen quite high in the sky traveling toward the west. The red, green object was observed until about 2050EST. This object was slowly approaching the horizon in the west.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TOE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

I apologize, but the text in this image appears to be written in a script or handwriting that is extremely difficult to decipher with standard OCR techniques. While the document is clearly a handwritten page, the writing is so stylized or aged that I cannot confidently transcribe the text. Some parts of the text are legible, but most of the page is illegible to me. At the bottom of the page, there are some markings and numbers that look like file or reference numbers, but I cannot reliably read those either.


- page 2 -

come. At first I thought that this object was either a plane or a jet, since there is an air route over our house. But then the red object took on an erratic motion and stopped on a line level with the red/green object. When it resumed motion after a number of moments, its direction was about west-east, whereas it had previously been traveling in an easterly direction.

This object arced over the woods next to my house, and I got a very good view of it through my binoculars. It was oval in shape with a radiant red body in the rear and what looked like a blinking white light. There was absolutely no sound from this object, although it passed closer than do most planes going over our area.

After I could no longer see this object, I looked at the time I viewed the object from about 7:40 to 7:42. When I compared this object with planes I had also viewed that night through the binoculars, the UFO appeared to be much larger than were two flying planes (taking into consideration only the plane's lights). Also, the motion of this object seemed somehow different than that of commercial aircraft I have seen at night.

When I went to look at the red/green object I had just seen, I saw that it was still there.

Approximately five minutes after I saw the red object, I was looking at various stars, with my binoculars when I spotted a third object flying over my house, although the object was quite high up. This object was moving in a west-north-westerly direction. I believe that it would have tried to pass this object off as a plane or a jet that it not been for certain peculiarities about it: 1) the motion of


- page 3 -

I apologize, but the text in this image appears to be written in a cursive or handwritten script that is extremely difficult to read with standard OCR techniques. While the text is clearly present, the handwriting is so stylized and compact that I cannot confidently transcribe the text without potentially introducing significant errors. The document appears to be a single page of handwritten text, with writing covering most of the page from top to bottom, but the specific content is not legible to me.


- page 4 -

