The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) between 1947 and 1969.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD 
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 15 Apr 66 23/0302
3. SOURCE CLEVELAND
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Not reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE NW
9. PHOTOS 0 Yes
10. CONCLUSION 
AIRCRAFT - The witness given account exactly describes the sighting and lights of an aircraft. Although all the moving lights were first thought to be an aircraft, the witness then confirmed that the object that he saw had a landing light and, therefore, was definitely an aircraft. 

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
When first sighted it had a red light on the left or starboard side. This was flashing on and off. The object then seemed to be turning and the red light was no longer visible but the witness then saw a flashing green light. As the object continued to move away the witness observed that it had two steady white lights. The object appeared stationary. Then the two white lights disappeared and the object began to move away rapidly. The following day when the witness was driving over a steel beamed bridge his car radio went dead, Witness thought that the object that he had seen had passed over about 30 feet the bridge.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a handwritten report or document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program, dated April 19, 1966.

Transcribing the text in the document:

Stanley Mans
Report 19 1966
Meadowview Field
Washington D.C.

Investigator: -
Description of report on a UFO that some citizens reported over Washington D.C. There was a bright light in the sky which appeared to be hovering. It was moving very slowly and then suddenly took off at a very high rate of speed. The citizens were quite excited and concerned as they felt this was definitely a UFO.

The report mentions that the light was bright enough to cast shadows and that several other people had also observed the object. The witness was identified as Stanley Mans.

Stop

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Subject: 1966-04-7102613-Salem-Mass.pdf3.txt

Object was really what appeared the bottoms part disappearing only slightly as through
it may have gone down behind trees or other objects. Shape was approximately circular.
It was in a zig-zag course flew across the sky, changing direction, speed and altitude rapidly. When it was first sighted it was at a very high altitude, then dropped rapidly 
in altitude until it was obscured from view. Color was whiteish-blue, changing from a bright white to a dull greyish-blue as it moved away into the distance.
Several other smaller lights were also observed with the main object at times, flashing on and off and maneuvering around the main object. The object made no sound whatsoever, although a loud humming sound was heard during one sighting a few minutes later in another area.
The object was observed for approximately 15 minutes before fading from view.
This report was made out by Lt. with approval of Captain S., USAF.

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text describing a UFO sighting.

Transcribed text:
Angular measurable bright luminous irregular object
Moving  Vertical rock twice seen Approx.
4 to 5 seconds.  Diminishing gradually at a longer range.
The object had a very bright lighting and seemed to have an irregular shape.  It was moving rapidly and ascending at a bright mirage-like rate upwards.  The speed appeared to be much greater than regular aircraft.  The object did not reflect light and moved in a controlled manner.  As it moved out of sight it appeared to contract and become more intense.  It was observed for a longer period than the initial sighting.  I wondered if it could be some form of plasma or a rare meteorological phenomenon, but I'm not sure.  Step - affirmations - this is not a routine sighting.

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document.

Gas pressure small bridge (compass) - The sighting occurred in the early morning east of Route 95 south, west of Route 114 near Salem, Mass. The object was about 100-150 feet above ground and 200 yards distant. It was oval-shaped, about 60 feet in diameter, and had a dome or top structure. The object appeared to have a bluish-white glow and no sound was heard. The witness observed the object for 2-3 minutes before it accelerated rapidly and disappeared.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Transcription:

From what I can tell, it was a slight, oblong span people saw, apparently for just a few seconds, passing very quickly. This does not resemble most aircraft visually encountered, except in the general outline. Its motion was erratic. It appeared to be luminescent rather than reflected light. The duration was quite brief. Its course and speed were unusual. Some of its maneuvers suggested the object possessed flight characteristics not common to ordinary aircraft. A "peculiar" aspect was noted, but specific details are unavailable. This is a complete report to NICAP, a co-operator of UFOB sightings.

SFC US ARMY RET

- page 6 -

