There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a form from Project 10073 Record, with information about an observed "blue-white light" on January 3, 1966 in Miamisburg, Trotwood, Oberlin, Ohio. The observation is classified as "Astro (METEOR)" according to the conclusion section.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 3 JANUARY 66 CL/0315
2. LOCATION Miamisburg, Trotwood, Oberlin, Oh.
10. CONCLUSION Astro (METEOR)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE Easterly
8. PHOTOS -
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE -
FTD SEP 43 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire or survey form.

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain 
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

Compare brightness to some common object: [Handwritten text: brighter than any common object]

The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and dash away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text and questions related to an observed UFO event.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes - slowly to the north

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Hiss
b. Color: white - reddish - bluish - similar to a star

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known star. How much of the object would have been covered by the match head? if you had performed this sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
16 degrees

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the elements such as wings, projections, etc., and specifically indicate trails or Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Object: slowly moving from north to east

- page 3 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Textual Output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Faster than plane

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Very high 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (type)
d. At sea
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North 
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 30 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses YES NO
b. Sun glasses YES NO
c. Windshield YES NO
d. Window glass YES NO
e. Binoculars YES NO
f. Telescope YES NO
g. Theodolite YES NO
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the case in point.
Could not.

- page 4 -

The image contains a diagram with an observation sketch and instructions, but it does not contain any photographs.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve that shows the highest the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they moved.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with questions for the witness.

NO
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES - NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED LAST NAME], [REDACTED FIRST NAME] [REDACTED MIDDLE INITIAL]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED STREET], [REDACTED CITY], [REDACTED ZONE]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: ADULT
SEX: F
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Day - Month - Year:

- page 6 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It is a handwritten document that appears to be a report or statement related to a UFO or unidentified phenomenon sighting.

Text output from the document:

Office in charge of g-30 reports
Dear sir,
I was coming home from a church meeting at approximately 10:30 pm on the night of January 9, 1966. It was a very clear night. As I was driving east on the Woodman Rd. I cam to the end of the street and was about to turn south on Richmond Rd. I have appeared in the sky directly in front of me a large brilliant object. It seem to be hovering or stationary about 100 to 150 feet off the ground and about 50 to 75 yards in front of me. Although it was no longer visible when I turned south, I continued to observe it in my rear view mirror for several minutes until it disappeared from view.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows handwritten text on what appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

I concensus that il agot about 2 to 3 per cent of the ane, I was to 50a feet high, moving west to east, silent except for a hum not a big sound no vapor trail, it seemed to descend to ground, then my attention seemed to be drawn to other witnesses to the center. Never do know how many people saw it, probably the best witness was a trucker whose name I do not have. 

It was a saucer or disk shaped aircraft, about 50 feet in diameter, of a shiny metallic appearance. It seemed to be about 200 feet high when first sighted, moving rather rapidly (estimator at 1000 mph) in a level flight from west to east. After traveling about a mile, it seemed to descend to an altitude of about 50 feet and then moved over and behind some trees, so that it was lost from sight. The duration of the sighting was approximately 30 seconds.

It was a saucer or disk shaped aircraft, about 50 feet in diameter, of a shiny metallic appearance. It seemed to be about 200 feet high when first sighted, moving rather rapidly (estimator at 1000 mph) in a level flight from west to east. After traveling about a mile, it seemed to descend to an altitude of about 50 feet and then moved over and behind some trees, so that it was lost from sight. The duration of the sighting was approximately 30 seconds.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Text extracted from the document:

Trail. This object travels in a definite pattern and stays with the object on ground for a very short time much happens after 10 o'clock at night and if I do this occult I will never again do it. When I arrived at home I called the police until they came. What I had seen they so far did the I went to go and report what I had seen. I would appreciate a room my to this letter.
Sincerely,

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report questionnaire.

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide may be of great value in the evaluation of such incidents, and we request that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
3 Day Month Year

2. Time of day: 9:35 (Circle One): A.M. 

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Miamisburg Sta. Ohio Nearest Postal Address City or Town State

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) About 30 Seconds Hours Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimated 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky? 
DAY: 
a. Clear 
b. Cloudy
NIGHT: 
a. Bright 
b. Cloudy 

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

F-106 OCT 63 164 This form supersedes AF 7M 1s1, which is obsolete.

- page 10 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with a questionnaire or interview form.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

3. IF you saw the object or NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
3.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Bright
b. Faint
c. Very faint
d. Don't remember

3.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Full moonlight
c. No moonlight = pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.I Compare brightness to some common object: Very bright like a Search light very v

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?                Yes   No   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or change speed at any time?   Yes   No   Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?                    Yes   No   Don't know
d. Give off smoke?                               Yes   No   Don't know
e. Change shape?                                Yes   No   Don't know
f. Flash or flicker?                            Yes   No   Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear?                        Yes   No   Don't know

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or report form.

OCR text output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? RAPIDLY ILLUMINATED BRIGHT LIGHT - PAST BEHIND IT REMAIND 13 SECONDS  

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? Yes Don't know.  

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes Don't know.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: VARIABLE - OBLONG, SAUCER, ROUND, SET 
b. Color: BLUE, WHITE & YELLOW
  
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
LARGER THAN 30 DEGREE CR - ACROSS FIELD OF VIEW - HALF AS WIDE AS MOON VISUAL SIZE AT TIME

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your picture the size and shape, wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or flames as you saw them during the sighting to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document or form with multiple questions and response options related to the observation of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?  
(Circle One)  Yes  

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  
______ 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?  
(Circle One)  Yes  
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?  
______ 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?  
(Circle One)  
a. Inside a building  
b. Outside a building  
c. Outdoors  
d. In an airplane (type)  
e. At sea  
f. Other  

23. Were you (Circle One)  
a. In the business section of a city?  
b. In the residential section of a city?  
c. In open country-side?  
d. Near an airfield?  
e. Flying over a city?  
f. Flying over open country?  
g. Other  

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:  
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)  
a. North  
b. Northeast  
c. East  
d. Southeast  
e. South  
f. Southwest  
g. West  
h. Northwest  

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.  
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes/No  

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?  
a. Eyeglasses  Yes  
b. Sun glasses  Yes  
c. Windshield  Yes  
d. Window glass  Yes  

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you saw?
________

- page 13 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report document containing instructions and diagrams related to UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve that shows the height of the object above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the skyline to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the line that shows where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  
Yes   No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)  
Yes    No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
ry 17 (son)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:  
NAME: (Last Name, First Name, Middle Initial)  
ADDRESS: Upper Miamisburg Rd
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
AGE: 41 SEX: F

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
  Day    Month   Year

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire or form for someone to provide information about their UFO sighting.

The text on the image says:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: ___ Day ___ Month ___ Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire filled out by an observer.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you provide will be used to make conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that if is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Jan 60
2. Time of day: 12:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Trotwood, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 minutes Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Cloudy; NIGHT: a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 17 -

