PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE, TIME GROUP: 3 November 66 04/0025

2. LOCATION: Port Washington, New York (1 Witness)

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Several Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: SE

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Possible (AIRCRAFT)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer noticed a stationary glowing object above some tall trees in a heavily wooded area. The object was egg shaped and was estimated to be about 2 1/2 feet long. There was a distinct glow from the object, and no projections were noted. Object moved very smoothly toward the SE. Observed traffic in the area. Description is similar to often reported from an aircraft.

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

3 December 66

Port Washington, N.Y. 11050
Re: U.F.O.

At about 7:25 pm, Thurs day,
New York Pkwy was nearing north
on Port Washington Blvd on Port
Washington. At a point about
200 ft north of the intersection of
Port Washington Blvd, Nathan Blvd
I noticed a stationary glowing object
alone. Some time on & nearly
would illuminate area with clouds
by & Nathan Blvd. The above
I noted this light at all was,
so I have said, there are many
false lines in the area - normally
there are no lights or houses
on the north side of the
Boulevard.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[First paragraph is partially illegible due to handwriting, but appears to read:]
... back to sky, at the ... in ... the ... of ... cool point ...
... light of the ... it ... to tell ... while continue with ... to be
spent to get a little ... and the object recognized, about 30 ft
... from of ... and at about a ... of ... it moved noisily
... momentarily on a half and ... movement shearing south west.

[Bottom of page contains a hand-drawn map/diagram with labels:]
E - Northern Blvd.
W
N - Port Washington Blvd.

The document contains a hand-drawn diagram with directional arrows and points marked.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

... simply pass ... to be
to more ... it was small
possible differ I was able to
retrace very much aside could see

I saw what appeared to
be the path of the object. It had
a modified ... shape & was about
two to two and half feet long.

I looked something like this.

Sectioning the object placed its
out here was entire, if what it
appears its light in the way that
the steel drops is still also I saw
my ... hand me more & 
when it moved, set moved very
smoothly despite the fact that

There is a small hand-drawn sketch in the document that appears to be an oval or egg-shaped object labeled "2½".


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

it was a very normally night.

I was on the way of my going.
I suppose to have before that
I am not known. It seems there's
a hardly anybody by 6:15

2. then for the put coming, during
that time some strange and anything
strange

3. high pocket tackle.

To date, I have made no sport
of what I know out its own way
am my mind so I put it on your
care for what its world.

Thank you.

Sincerely,
[name redacted]


- page 5 -

