The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project 10073 Record from the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book, reporting an incident that occurred in Salisbury, North Carolina.

PROJECT 10973 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 12 CST - 66 - 20002
2. LOCATION: Salisbury, North Carolina
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: two minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Varied
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

The report describes that 5 RF-4C aircraft were airborne 4-10 miles south of the area at the time of the observation. The observers saw two white colored objects that were trailing the RF-4C aircraft. One of the objects stopped in the air, turned sideways, and possibly came to a stop. This second object then made a burst of speed and appeared to rejoin the first object, at which point the observers saw something that looked like a mass of metal coming down from the aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it only shows handwritten text.

Transcription of the text:

Gentlemen:

I was informed to furnish what I will give up - some observed two unexplained objects hovering a B-52 or over the airman at 0:52, Oct. 12.

The object appeared to be about 30 - 40 feet in diameter and maneuvered around the aircraft in a manner similar to the way of a Cario. It was pure white against a clear sky.

The maneuvering came in close enough to the pilot and trainee who were making a night flight. It continued full of space, seemingly standing on its dead, and now and then circling around the aircraft, continuing in the same maneuver. At one point i t appeared to be in front of the aircraft while the maneuver was in progress, and then seemed to disappear as if it had fallen below the flight path of the aircraft.

Believing the group was the general superintendent, for the superintendent and three workmen were all of whom are in the employ of A. E. Jarrell & Sons of Salisbury, N.C., Roebuck, Contractor.

Spencer, N.C.
Oct. 18, 1966

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather appears to be text from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

Transcription of the text:

A UFO? Oct.15, 1966
Yes Sir, says Ronald

Have the UFO's invaded
Rowan County? 
Ronald Peeler, 13-year-old
eighth grade at Faith School,
said they have.

He went out to check on his cows
near his home on Faith Church Road,
he said, and "a pleasure turned
to fear." The object "came down through the trees"
and chased him, he says.

Ronald called The Post Saturday night to report his discovery, but was still too excited to
tell his father, Dwight Peeler.
Ronald made a sketch of the object, 
which Peeler said his son was
"scared to go outside once he
reached home."

Ronald said he was driving his
tractor home from work on the
Church Road shortly before 6:30
p.m., when he saw the object
hovering over the trees.

He said it went from the sky
into some trees, and when Peeler
became excited the object
looked as if it was chasing
him.
The last he saw of it, how-
ever, was when it threw Peeler
around and rounded a curve in the road.

Ronald said the object was
as large as a low-flying plane, 
and had a red light on one
end and a green light on the
other.

There were no other reports
of the incident.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book. The page contains handwritten text and a postage stamp.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

U. S. O. ADVISORY 
Right Grasher A. F.B.
Dayton 2, OHIO

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force, regarding a UFO observation report from October 12, 1966.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 20 TACTICAL RECONNAISSANCE WING (TACTGP)
SHAW AIR FORCE BASE, SOUTH CAROLINA 29152

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DCGOP

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 12 Oct 66

TO: Hq Foreign Technology Division (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. Reference your letter, dated 16 Dec 66, subject as above.

2. The 4415 Combt Gp Tng Sq, had five RF-4C aircraft airborne 2-10 NM South of Salisbury, North Carolina between the hours of 1600-1600 EST, 12 Oct 66.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WALLACE C. LEMAY, Colonel, USAF
Deputy Commander, Operations

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports from the U.S. Air Force's historical investigation of unidentified flying objects.

PFD (IDENT) #1
Weight-Pattern AFB, Ohio 45433
18 October 1966

Dear Mr. Spencer, North Carolina 28159

Reference your unidentified observation of 12 October 1966. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PFD Form 164 and return it as soon as provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TEXT OUTPUT:

TEST/UFO (Maj H Quintanilla, Jr/70916/mhs/14 Dec 66)

UFO Observation, 12 October 1966      DEC 16 1966

537th Air Division 

Our office is in receipt of a reported unidentified flying object observation over the Salisbury, North Carolina area. A check of our file discloses that Air Intelligence Information was also received concerning this incident. Request information on participation by the 537th Air Division. Request information on status 1/3 and secur 1/5 for altitude and high speed routes on the afternoon of 12 October 1966.

FOR THE COMMANDER

LOUIS DEGOES, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION            DATED  2 APRIL

TEST/UFO MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR             DATED  14 DEC 66

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire filled out as part of a UFO report for Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 12 Day 10 Month 1966 Year
2. Time of day: 7:00 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other ________
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Redacted] Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County 
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Hours 12 Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) c. Outdoors
f. other building

23. Were you (Circle One) b. In the residential section of a city?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One and indicate Yes or No for each) 
a. Eyeglasses Yes
b. Sun glasses Yes
c. Windshield Yes
d. Window glass Yes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A bright golf ball or basketball size fell brighter and larger than any star or planet

- page 10 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It does not contain any photograph, only text.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes. It seemed to fly away rapidly above the trees and the mountains. It was traveling at a high rate of speed and disappeared from view.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes NO Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes NO Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Noise
b. Color Brilliant white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Practically all of it.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc.; and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(The hand-drawn sketch shows an ellipse/oval shape with additional notes indicating its movement and trajectory.)

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. Salisbury, N.C. October 5, 1966 6:00 p.m.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
Please list their names and addresses: [Redacted], Salisbury, N.C., [Redacted], Salisbury, N.C., [Redacted], Salisbury, N.C.
32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted], Spencer, N.C.
TELEPHONE NO [Redacted]
SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? No one

- page 12 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with text and diagrams.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass to show how the object.

90° 
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A ----------------- B

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

A Flattened Oblong
--> <-- 
-S-E--W-N-

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. 

The text in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 Oct 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

One with experience to perceive 130 with notice that this experience lasted approximately straight up from the writer went first notice above and became extremely flight of the object 1956. I heard all (of) the observer (of) still it object was a brilliant ball light as brake red in color loft of size of the moon and the upper portion its slightly concave. The shape was bright light at center and the lower portion started to rise and the light grew dimmer after one minute till it disappeared. Even then it would probably time been gone by 1130.

- page 14 -

