The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
6 Jun 66 17/0035Z GAHANNA, OHIO
3. SOURCE 10. CONCLUSION
CIVILIAN Affair (Altair)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
One Observe object which appeared as an extremely white light. Object was observed in the east and did not seem far away while observer was watching.
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual Altair was rising at this time being low on the horizon
7. COURSE
East and while rising slowly
8. PHOTOS
D Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
D Yes

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text output:

CONTENTS OF PREPARING OFFICIAL CIVIL AIRCRAFT were arriving and departing Port Columbus Airport on the observing and maneuvering Observations of sightings taken in between aircraft departures and arrivals.

JAMES D BALLSMITH CAPT, USAF

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire that asks the witness about their observations of an unidentified object at night, including details about the stars, moon, weather conditions, and the appearance and behavior of the object.

Transcribed text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. As a light, d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 25-30' steady

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Sharply outlined, b. Slightly blurred, c. Fuzzy, d. Don't remember
Other: _

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off light? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Suddenly disappear? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force technical information report, likely part of Project Blue Book, which was a government program that investigated UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make; however, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? June 20
2. Time of day: 2:00 25 MINUTES
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? GAHANNA OHIO
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1 HOUR 20 MINUTES Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Clear b. Night c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To right d. To your left e. To your right f. Don't remember

- page 4 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document or form related to a UFO report as part of Project Blue Book.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Full moonlight, c. No moonlight, pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to same common object: _22:L6__sunny_

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Sharply outlined, b. Slightly blurred, c. Other _Very Ragged_

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES   NO   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES   NO   Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES   NO   Don't know
d. Give off smoke or exhaust? YES   NO   Don't know
e. Change brightness? YES   NO   Don't know
f. Change shape? YES   NO   Don't know
g. Flash on and off? YES   NO   Don't know
h. Disappear or reappear? YES   NO   Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound NONE b. Color APPEARS TO BE WHITE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? DID NOT CONDUCT THIS EXPERIMENT COVERED ABOUT 30 FT OF IT

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please am sure beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[There is an oval-shaped drawing labeled "ROUND" on the document.]

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document containing a series of questions and responses regarding the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 21,000 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 50 MILES

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No 
f. Other NAKED EYE

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the other which you saw.

STAR

- page 7 -

The image shared does not contain a photograph, but rather a technical diagram and sketches related to a UFO report. The diagram shows a curved line with labeled angles and a compass-like illustration, which appears to be used to depict the motion and direction of an observed object. The text accompanying the image provides instructions on how to interpret the diagram and sketch the motion of the observed object.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show the direction (compass) from which you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass to show the direction (compass) from which you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
DRYR

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: [REDACTED] SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[REDACTED] Day [REDACTED] Month [REDACTED] Year

- page 9 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form with questions, but the space for any response is blank.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: ________________ Day ________________ Month ________________ Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 10 -

