PROJECT 10173 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
8 June 66 09/0415Z

2. LOCATION
Duluth, Minnesota (1 Witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Probable (SATELLITE - ZOSO 1)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noticed rather bright object he thought was a satellite, however, the object appeared to make erratic movements and it was "twinkling". Typically, Object traveled erratic path parallel to a line drawn between Deneb and Vega toward the constellation Corona Borealis. It hovered in the immediate vicinity of Corona Borealis for about 4 minutes (guess), then headed SE if no remaining altitude, and at the same time, disappeared.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
See

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 83 0-532 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

TDEW

UFO Observation, 8 Jun 66, Minnesota                                22 June 1966

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois 60201

Request you evaluate the attached sighting made by _______ on 8 Jun 1965 at Duluth International Airport, Minnesota.
If you need further information from Airman Turner, request you contact him directly by telephone.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena


- page 2 -

CMR 772
Duluth International Airport, Minnesota
8 June 1966

UFO
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Gentlemen:

I saw my first "flying saucer" tonight. I was coming back from Midnight Chow at approximately 2315 hours, as is my usual habit, glanced up at the sky on the way back to the barracks. As I climbed the outside stair case on the east end of the building, I looked toward the constellation Cygnus. My attention was drawn at first, I thought was a rather bright satellite, but immediately I noticed that its movement was very erratic, and it was "blinking" irregularly.

It traveled its erratic path (moving left, right, and even backwards) parallel to a line drawn between Deneb in Cygnus and Vega in Lyra toward the constellation Corona Borealis. It "hovered" in the immediate vicinity of Corona Borealis for about four minutes, then looked as if it were gaining altitude, and at the same time, headed south southeast, and disappeared between Hercules' right foot and Serpens' "head".

The total observed time was approximately from 2315 to 2325 (I did not have a watch).

The stars near the "flying saucer" were stationary as it moved right, left, and backwards; there, I do not think the motion was due to atmospheric conditions.

I saw that it appeared to be gaining altitude because when I first saw it, it seemed to have dimensions, but as it began to leave Corona Borealis, it began to look more like a star i.e. a twinkling point of light.

The magnitude of its velocity was greater than that of any satellite I have ever seen; the direction of its velocity was—well, as the saying goes, "There ain't no way". It just was not a satellite.

Thank you for your time.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature redacted]


- page 3 -

Text found in the document:

4
N
E   W
S

Cassiopeia
Cepheus
Polaris
Ursa Minor
Ursa Major
Vega
Hercules
Corona
Borealis
Serpens

PATH OF UFO


- page 4 -

