PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
8 July 66   9/9115E

2. LOCATION
Ladd, Illinois                one witness

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
less than second

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
western sky

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro(meteor)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted a meteor like object, but was much wider. The object formed a 180 degree arc which was visible for only an instant. Object was compared with a small rainbow that was traveling toward the north. When the object disappeared, it did so totally, leaving no discernable trail. The color was specified like stardust construction material (dull gold) and little or no space between the speckles. The object did not look like any meteors or shooting stars that the witness had seen before this sighting.

Description is consistent with that of a meteor. The duration of the sighting is insufficient to obtain a definite shape of the object.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-629 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    17    NOVEMBER    1966
                                              Day     Month      Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I have never seen anything like this before. The exhaust trails of S.A.C. planes like these, trails of two strong stars and/or comets and meteors were in straight lines and their whole make-up after they passed. Distinct. Turning at tremendous speed (at the end of their path) that it seemed to be in one solid line. I saw the sparkled exhaust along periphery of the large and, which led me to believe that whatever the object was, it was traveling at a speed much greater than any of the metals I know. (perhaps aircraft, wind), and in the vicinity of the principles of heat (maybe long) at the end and the holding at the beginning can be more true. In this case, I deemed that that object was moving in a north to north direction.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

8 July 1966
Ladd, Illinois

FJED (TIGER)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
16 November 1966

Ladd, Illinois 61329

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Reference your unidentified observation of 8 July 1966. The information in your letter of 16 October was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 3 -

Ladd, Illinois - 61329
October 16, 1966

Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Aeronautical Technical Intelligence Center
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

Last July 8th, 1966, I witnessed a rather bizarre aerial phenomenon directly west of my home town of Ladd. Until now I have tried to dismiss this from my mind as being some type of optical illusion or an estimate abrasion on my part.

Almost a week ago, I overheard two older gentlemen and a younger man discussing this phenomenon in a restaurant in the town of DePue, Illinois, which is the town in which I am an English and social studies teacher in the local high school.

According to their discussion, the phenomenon occurred "about the first week in July of this year" and was also witnessed by several people in the vicinity of Princeton, Illinois, which is between six and ten miles northwest of DePue. The home town of Ladd is approximately ten miles northeast of DePue. Within this triangle, it seemed that from the discussions and the descriptions I overheard, it was most likely the same phenomenon which all of us witnessed. The people in Princeton said the thing occurred almost directly over them and to the east slightly, the people from DePue said it looked like the thing was directly north of them, and I witnessed the thing as happening to the west from my home town of Ladd.

The phenomenon itself seemed to be somewhat like a shooting star; I have seen three so far in my life. However, the three shooting stars which I have witnessed left a trail of white, threadlike path directly behind. This phenomenon in general made a curved arc in the sky traveling in what I considered to be almost a direct north-south direction.

Another somewhat astounding thing that made me remember the entire split-second occurrence was that the arc-shaped path was discernable to me for approximately a second, or probably two, and along with this, the width of the path which was made I estimated to be at one to one and one-half inches wide. The coloring of the trail was of a pale or dull gold, not yellow-gold, but more along the line of the type of "star dust" used by students in the construction of the annual "Buddy Poppy Posters" sponsored by the American Legion.

"With all this talk in papers and in magazines about the "flying saucers", etc., I understand your subsequent stand on security concerning these matters and have only divulged this happening to one other person, who promised not to say anything. I wrote this letter only after I had heard the particular discussion mentioned above, since there seemed to be others who saw the same thing at about the same time.

Sincerely yours,

P.S. The trail, in arc-pattern, cannot be disregarded at once and high in heat's watershed of the second or two times mild.


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
8 July 1966
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 8 15
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted]
Nearest Postal Address           City or Town            Bureau, ILLINOIS
                                                         State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                                Hours   Minutes   3 to 5 than 10 sec
                                         Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined: eyeblink time between being seen and not being seen

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                             NIGHT
a. Bright                       a. Bright
b. Cloudy                       b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTD FORM                 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.
OCT 62 164


- page 5 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. (A few)
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. (Don't remember)

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. (Clear sky)
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. (Dry)
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. (Vapor)

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: [blank line]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. (Fuzzy or blurred)
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank line]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly sped up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how? YES
It was suddenly one as I turned a corner walking north and began facing
west. It just looked like a meteor or satellite, but was much wider than usually
seen. And formed a 180 degree arc and then as I watched it seemed to just
faded and disappearing. (behind a tree/horizon as was visible) in minutes roughly

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: a large tree

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: never discernible
b. Color: dull grayish-white (start of close fitting flake-segmented like Wing)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and not how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 1/3 of object + 1st (mouth)
about 1/2 or 1/3
(at the light)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Drawing shows how I saw it pass the instant I
did see it. It was triangular, if sides totally
leaving no visible trail - just strange moving.

Color was speckled like "static"
Construction material (dull opaque) and
little or no space before its passing
except to resolve its size/detail.

Started high in the sky, not near horizon

NORTH

Tree


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES
It was seen by me as I stood a considerable walking north and began facing west. We had a motion was very slow, horizontal, then stopped, then found a 150° arc missile low on incident and some then not, the point going in activity at that time. (In the neighborhood of 10 sec. duration)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES   No   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: a large tree

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of: _______

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: none discernible
b. Color: Silvergold in color (Dull of clear, glittering, flickered-compacted, Milky Way)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 1/5 of object at that (mentioned) above

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A detailed sketch is included with notes about the object's appearance, including "Color was speckled like 'cloud'", "Construction material (dull-gold and little or no space between fine grains)", and "Started high in sky, not near horizon"]

The sketch includes a directional arrow pointing NORTH and shows the object's shape near a tree.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curve. Time to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Handwritten note: A+t seen at sometime]

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NONE WHATSOEVER

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   (No)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                 LADD        ILLINOIS
TELEPHONE NUMBER        AGE   24    SEX   MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
A. SOCIAL-STUDIES TEACHER - DEPE HIGH SCHOOL, DEPE, ILLINOIS
B. EX-MARINE HONORABLE MEDICAL DISCHARGE: QUANTICO, VA. MAY 25, 1946
C. B.A. ; B.S. DEGREES: UNION COLLEGE, BARBOURVILLE, KENTUCKY ; M.A.
    DEGREE LASALLE - PERU - OGLES BY JR. COLLEGE, LA SALLE, ILLINOIS
D. NO PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE IN EITHER C.A.P. OR C.A.B. ACTIVITIES CONCERNING AERIAL PHENOMENA.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   MY FAMILY
    8       JULY        1966


- page 10 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NONE WHATSOEVER

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes NO
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] LADD ILLINOIS
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 24 SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
A. SOCIAL-STUDIES TEACHER - DePUE HIGH SCHOOL, DePUE, ILLINOIS
B. EX-MARINE HONORABLE MEDICAL DISCHARGE: QUANTICO, VA. MAY 25, 1964
C. B.A., B.S. degrees: UNION COLLEGE, BARBOURVILLE, KENTUCKY; A.M. DEGREE LASALLE - PERU - OGLES BY JR. COLLEGE, LASALLE, ILLINOIS
D. NO PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE IN EITHER C.A.P. OR C.A.B. ACTIVITIES CONCERNING AERIAL PHENOMENA

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? MY FAMILY [redacted] MRS. [redacted] (SISTER) RESIDENT


- page 12 -

