There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a document titled "Project 10073 Record" which appears to be related to a UFO sighting report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 28 March 66 28/09/002
2. LOCATION: Malden, Mass. 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 Hour
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (VENUS)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object was later identified by the witness as the planet Venus. It appeared as a bright white light which moved higher in the sky until it became a bright white dot at daylight.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from Major HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., USAF, Chief, Project Blue Book, to Celia Pickett of Malden, Massachusetts, regarding an unidentified observation reported on March 23, 1956. The letter requests that Pickett complete the attached ATIC Form 164 and return it to the Air Force.

FTD (TDEW)
O-I-EIGHT-PETERSON AFB, Ohio 45133
31 March 1956

Celia Pickett
200 Mountain Avenue, Apt #26
Malden, Massachusetts 02148

Dear Miss Pickett,
Reference your letter of 23 March 1956 regarding a recent unidentified observation. The information contained in your letter is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

/s/ HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire that has been filled out.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
8 Year

2. Time of day:
Hour  4 Minutes 30
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted] City or Town [Redacted] Store or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours 0 Minutes 30 Seconds 

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Carefully watched the object

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY:
a. Bright
b. Cloudy
NIGHT:
c. Bright
d. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right of you c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text extracted from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it seemed to slowly fade away as a white dot at day light at.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes  No  Don't Know. 
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  No
b. Color  No

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Matches size.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Not applicable.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8.2 MOON: (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clouds (Circle One): 
   (1) Clear sky
   (2) Hazy 
   (3) Scattered clouds
   (4) Thick or heavy clouds
b. Dry
c. Fog, mist, or light rain
d. Moderate or heavy rain
e. Snow
f. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
Faerie electric night light visible

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Little bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know 
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

The image contains a detailed sketch of a compass. There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document.

OCR text output:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire form with various questions related to the sighting of a UFO object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) c. Outdoors

23. Were you (Circle One) b. In the residential section of a city?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North
24.2 How fast were you moving? _________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses YES
b. Sun glasses YES
c. Windshield YES
d. Window glass (YES)
e. Binoculars YES
f. Telescope YES
g. Theodolite YES

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

ce cottage star

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Redacted

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Redacted
ADDRESS: Redacted
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Redacted
AGE: 57 
SEX: Female
indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. Mothering

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
5 March 1966 Communist Newspaper

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   6   4   66
Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Have since learned that several reliable observers also saw UFO which I clearly witnessed. It was clearly visible and distinct for several seconds, about 1/2 to 1 minute in time. There actually appeared to be several others simultaneously over the same territory. It did not resemble any conventional aircraft, and whatever propulsion system it employed was entirely unique, silently and quickly disappearing over the horizon.

Best saw it was only momentary at the same time and at about the same location as I did. Small, round, and quiet, and appeared to be stationary for a brief period of time before rapidly disappearing toward the northeast.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Cornwall Corporation, dated March 28, 1966, addressed to the Technical Intelligence Division at the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio.

The text in the document is as follows:

Cornwall Corporation
March 28, 1966
Technical Intelligence Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio

Dear Sirs:

This morning I saw what could have been a UFO and after contacting the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory they suggested I contact what I saw to you.

At around 4 A.M. I, and my two roommates, saw an extremely large bright light in the sky. We would say well out over the Atlantic Ocean. Occasionally the object would disappear and then reappear. We watched this object until dawn when it started moving away, getting smaller and smaller, but still clearly visible even in the daylight. 
It was moving in a southerly direction and finally became a point and was lost from sight within the hour.

We live in Malden, Mass. on the fourth floor of an apartment building and we have a good clear sweep of the sky. We understand it was not seen by Logan International Airport Observatory which we cannot understand because there it was, shooting off rays. I hope this is of some benefit to you.

Very truly yours,
[Signature redacted]
858 Harrison Ave., Apt. 26
Malden, Mass. 02148

- page 10 -

