PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 6 February 66 06/114SZ
2. LOCATION: Nederland, Texas
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 - 10 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: West
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: UNIDENTIFIED
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE FILE

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
INFORMATION SHEET

1. Answers to the following questions will be obtained from persons calling in regard to the observance of an unidentified flying object (UFO). If person refuses to give answers to 3a, do not complete report.

2. Complete Information Sheet in duplicate and forward to BDO.

3.a. Name: [redacted]
   Phone: [redacted]   Age: 34   Occupation: Instrument Calibration - Level

b. Shape of Object: GO INVESTIGATION O.K.   c. Color: BLACK OR DARK BLUE
d. Size (compare to dime, quarter, baseball, basketball, or larger item): APPROX 8'
e. Number of Objects: 1
f. Formation, if more than one: N/A
g. Unusual features of object: [blank]
h. Was there a tail, vapor trail, or exhaust?: NO   i. Any Sound: NO
j. What called attention to the observer: GO INVESTIGATION SYST STUDY
k. What angle and elevation was the object on first observance: NEARLY 90°

l. What angle and elevation was the object when disappeared: 20-25°

m. What was the flight path of object (to north or south, to east or west) and were there any maneuvers of the object: GO INVESTIGATION SYST STUDY

n. How did the object disappear (instantly, to the north, no direction, etc.): GO INVESTIGATION

o. How long was the object visible (5 min, 1 hour, etc.): 5-10 MIN.
p. How was the object observed (naked eye, radar, telescope, binoculars, etc.): NAKED EYE
q. Time and date of sighting: 0755   4 FEB 66 (FRI)
r. Light conditions (night, day, dusk): NIGHT
s. Geographical position of object (North of Houston, South of Pasadena, directly overhead, etc.): WEST BROOK, TEXAS
t. Weather (clear day, hazy, cloudy, broken clouds, etc.): LIGHT WISPY CLOUDS
u. Temperature of day (60°, 90°, etc.): 70°
v. OTHER INFORMATION not answered above: GO INVESTIGATION ATTACHED

5. Thank caller for information, but do not promise that a return call will be made to confirm nor deny the observance of the object.

[Bottom of page has additional handwritten notes]


- page 2 -

TO: Major Leach
257th Air Base Squadron
Operation and Training
Ellington AFB, Texas

REFERENCE:
Per conversation 1st Lt William F. Marley, Jr.
PFD (TECH/UFO), 7 June 1966.

FROM: PFD (TECH/UFO)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
45433

Date: 7 Jun 66

DD FM. 95 (Bottom of page document number/reference)


- page 3 -

Texas
May 16, 1966

The Pentagon,
Department of U. F. O.
U. S. Air Force
Arlington, Va.

Dear Sirs:
I have hesitated to write to you offices for several months; however, I have decided that I must do so, because the information that I have may be of some value to your research.

Although, the information is several months past due, it may still be of value.
The reason I have hesitated to contact your office is because of all the bad publicity that a person seems to get when he does contact you.

Let me state, that I do not wish to receive any public notice and wish to remain anonymous on this matter.
If you have a representative who will be in this area and who can call on me without much expense to your office:
I will be most happy to talk with him.
My regular day off work is Wednesday and Sundays, please notify me ahead of time.

I have discussed this matter only with two men, and at the time of sighting, One, a prominent manager in our area, and the other my pastor.

I hope that this letter will not be received in any other manner, than that for which it is intended.

Respectfully,
Nederland, Texas


- page 4 -

INVESTIGATION:                                                        22 June 1966

I contacted Mr. [redacted], Texas, by telephone [redacted] to discuss the UFO which he allegedly saw at 0545 hours, 6 Feb 66.
The following is a description of the events as they happened and as described by Mr. [redacted] to the best of his recollection.

On Sunday morning, 6 February 1966, at approximately 0545, Mr. [redacted] was 11 years old son came through their bathroom and turned the light on in so doing awakened his parents. While the boy was in the bathroom the lights went out causing Mr. [redacted] to get out of bed and look out the window to see if the street lights were also out which appeared to be the case. While looking out the window Mr. [redacted] was amazed to find that the lawn in front of his house and the surrounding area was engulfed in a reddish glow which appeared to be pulsating similar to a red flashing light on a police car. However he did not see any police cars in the area. A few moments later he noticed some peculiar yellowish-reddish lights coming from an object approximately 500 feet above the ground. The lights seemed to be moving back and forth in a horizontal direction and appeared to be similar to neon light tubes which he estimated to be eight in number. There was no apparent sound; however, both Mr. [redacted] and his wife claimed that their ears were bothered by what seemed to be a very high frequency pitch. There was a high overcast with no stars or moon on that night. There were quite dark and Mr. [redacted] was unable to determine the size and shape of the object at this time. However, the object traveled approximately a mile and a half to the west towards the Jefferson County Airport. About this same time an aircraft took off from the airport and turned in the direction of the unknown object. As the aircraft approached the object it ceased to move, remaining in a hovering position, and the lights on the object went out. The landing lights on the aircraft remained on and reflected off the UFO giving Mr. [redacted] an opportunity to see what it looked like. He stated that the best way to describe the shape of the object was that it looked like a tadpole. He estimated the object was about 8 feet in diameter with a tail about 6 feet in length and 2 feet wide. There appeared to be a cone shaped bulge on the top and in the middle of the object. The previously mentioned lights seemed to be coming from the tail of the object. After the aircraft had flown over the object its lights came on again and he noticed what appeared to be three separate times when these lights were energized, each time the object appeared to move up and about 5° to the left. It disappeared at about a 20 to 25° angle above the horizon traveling in a westerly direction and in a slow rate of climb. Mr. [redacted] observed all of this with his naked eye and was unable to get any pictures.

Although Mr. [redacted] was very fearful of ridicule from the local populace he nevertheless had an opportunity to discuss the power failure with a local man from the power company and determined that the reason for the power outage was due to the failure of a transformer. He further found out that this transformer was located very near to his house and that the failure occurred


- page 5 -

almost at the same time as the sighting of the UFO.

Mr. [redacted] found it very difficult to describe the UFO and admitted that he was not very good at drawing pictures but if the Air Force felt that it was necessary he probably could describe it well enough to an artist so that a fairly representative picture could be drawn.

Mr. [redacted] was unaware of any other residents seeing this UFO but attributed this to the fact that he was very hesitant in mentioning it to anyone since he definitely does not want any publicity on the sighting.

However, after the sighting he did call the control tower at the Jefferson County Airport to determine if they had seen it also but found that they had not seen anything and laughed at his explanation and request.

CONCLUSION:

This preliminary investigation did not disclose any feasible explanation for Mr. [redacted] UFO sighting. A more detailed investigation and a personal visit will be accomplished if requested from your headquarters.

Contacted [illegible handwritten text]

2


- page 6 -

ADDITIONAL INVESTIGATION

29 June 1966

1. Lt. Marley, Project Blue Book, Wright-Patterson AFB, called this date and requested further investigation on balloon launchings to determine if this UFO sighting could have been a balloon. He stated the information could be forwarded either by phone or letter.

2. Investigation revealed that no weather balloons were released by Ellington AFB or the Houston area Weather Bureau on the date in question; however, the Houston Weather Bureau referred me to the Lake Charles, La. Weather Bureau because they thought Lake Charles released high altitude weather balloons about the time in question.

3. Mr. Richards of the Lake Charles Weather Bureau was contacted by phone (313-477-5235) and he stated that their detailed records did not go back any further than April 1966 because they were all forwarded to the National Weather Records Center, Asheville, North Carolina. However, the records that were available did indicate that a weather balloon was released at approximately 0500 hours, 6 February 1966. He described this balloon as a large weather balloon and stated that it was approximately 5 feet in diameter with a balloon that stated approximately 5 feet at the time of release. Although his records did not contain any information on surface or high altitude winds, they did indicate that there was a strong surface wind at the time of release and the balloon attained a maximum altitude of 13,514 meters (44,596 feet) before it burst. Mr. Richards suggested contact the National Weather Records Center to secure additional detailed information on this launching. Mr. Richards stated that balloons of this size usually have a constant rate of ascent of approximately 1,000 feet per minute and that winds have very little effect on the rate of climb.

4. Mr. Haggard, Director of the National Weather Records Center, Asheville, N.C., was contacted by phone (252-0427) and was requested to forward to me by letter, all information that his Center has on the release of the balloon in question. Mr. Haggard stated he would see that this was accomplished as soon as possible.

5. Observations made from a map indicate that the UFO sighting location is approximately 42 nautical miles from Lake Charles, La, on an azimuth of 245°.

LAWRENCE R. LEACH, JR., Major, USAF

J-7


- page 7 -

ADDITIONAL INVESTIGATION

6 July 1966

Attached Adiabatic chart received from U. S. Weather Bureau this date.
The local weather officer, Major Paul T. Ulrich, was contacted to interpret
the information for me. The following information was received from him:

"Assuming the balloon's ascension rate was 1000 feet per minute, the
adiabatic chart indicates the balloon had the following flight path during
the duration of flight indicated:

MINUTES    DIRECTION    ESTIMATED     ESTIMATED
            OF FLIGHT    GROUND SPEED   ALTITUDE

1           290°         3 MPH          1000 ft.
2           320°         13 MPH         2000 ft
3           010°         12 MPH         3000 ft
4           030°         12 MPH         4000 ft
5           070°         23 MPH         5000 ft

CONCLUSION:

The above information eliminates the possibility that the balloon was in
the area of the UFO sighting by Mr. [redacted]. Since there apparently were no
other local balloons released at this time, it appears that this possibility
must be eliminated.

[Signature]
LAURENCE E. LEACH, JR., Major, USAF


- page 8 -

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCE ADMINISTRATION
ENVIRONMENTAL DATA SERVICE
NATIONAL WEATHER RECORDS CENTER
ASHEVILLE, NORTH CAROLINA 28801

AIRMAIL                                                                June 30, 1966

Ellington Air Force Base
2578 Air Base Squadron.
Houston, Texas

Attn: Major Leach

Enclosed are copies of the weather records listed below:

WBAN-314, B & C, Adiabatic Charts - Lake Charles, La.
February 6, 1966 (0515 Local Time)

These data are furnished without charge.

The Data Processing Division of the Environmental Technical Applications Center, Air Weather Service, is collocated with the National Weather Records Center and is the usual channel for providing climatological weather information to military users.

The Chief of the Data Processing Division is cognizant of this request, and has suggested that we advise you of the normal channel for information in the event you have future requests for past weather data.

Sincerely yours,
William H. Haggard
Acting Director

Enclosures

J-9


- page 9 -

