PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
17 June 66 18/0300Z

2. LOCATION
North Vernon & Columbus, Indiana (2 witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Probable (aircraft)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Six

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers were traveling NW when object came into view out of their right front window in the west. Object had red blinking lights. They appeared behind the woods. The one observer stated she did see one wing on the object. The object was very large and solid.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
West

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[x] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[blank]


- page 1 -

FTD (TESTR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
6 July 1966

Mr and Mrs.
Marion, Indiana 46952

Dear Mr. and Mrs.

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 17 June 1966. The information which we have received from Lt Col Sparkle was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Forms 164 and return them in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Top of document, partially illegible]
... Public Inquiries
... from each
... Patterson AFB, Clev-45933

Dear Sir:

[Rest of the text is difficult to read completely. Some words and phrases are visible, but not enough to confidently transcribe the full text without potentially introducing errors. Large portions of the text appear to be handwritten and are not clearly legible in this image.]


- page 3 -

The text on this page is partially illegible. I can make out a few words, but most of the text is difficult to read clearly. The words I can discern include:

"...can"
"...car"

There is a large black redaction or censored section in the middle-right of the document. The rest of the text is too faint or blurry to confidently transcribe.


- page 4 -

Mrs. [redacted]
Marion, Indiana
48952.

July 29, 1966.

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr., U. S. A. F.
Chief, Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Dear Sir,

It was Friday night, June 17, 1966, at precisely 10 P. M. that my husband and I left North Vernon, Indiana, and headed northwest on Route 7. It is a distance of sixteen miles to U. S. 31, where we turn right to go to Indianapolis, on our way home. My husband was driving.

Approximately eight or nine miles northwest of North Vernon, on Route 7, we both saw two startling, brilliant flashes of crimson red light. At first we thought a little distance ahead of us. The second light, off to the west, and only for an instant, that flashes of light made such a glow-only from somewhere low behind a wooded area. We both exclaimed about it, and wondered what it could be. We speculated if it could have been an explosion, or an illuminated tree tops. It really looked different from those.

After turning right on U. S. 31, this was still on our minds to such an extent that I turned on the car radio to listen for any news that might pertain to it.

Just north of Columbus, U. S. 31 becomes a dual highway. We had just entered this stretch of highway between Columbus and Franklin. The time was about 10:45 P. M. I was looking out of the right front window of the car, and looking up at the stars. The night was very clear, and dry, and the stars were unusually brilliant. It seemed to my husband and me that we were more startled than I ever before. As I remarked to my husband, "Look at that!" It was a beautiful night. As I looked up over the right of my right shoulder, it suddenly very much looked like a straight line of pale gold stars. The speed was uncanny. I let loose and headed straight for our car, until then took the "let loose" that they no more than "let loose" until we took over the top of a curve or some kind of aircraft that swooped right over the top of our car, at about an altitude of one hundred fifty feet, made a completely over the opposite lane of the dual highway, then slowly turned slightly upward at a 45 degree angle from the road, ahead of us, then took off at about a 45 degree angle from the road. The turn of us. It was very large, and looked as solid as the automobile we were in. Thinking I was being a little ridiculous, and perhaps seeing reflections in the windshield or window glass, I quickly let the window down and turned the radio off. It was still there.

The object-- or craft--had one wing, with anywhere from 80 to 100 ft.


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

It was shaped ( the wing ) exactly like a length of 2 x 4 lumber. On the back edge of the wing ) or thickness ) it had a multitude of what looked like brilliantly lighted windows. From wingtip to wingtip, just brilliant white light, seeming to come through windows. It reminded me of a lighted dining car on a passenger train, as seen. From a distance at night. Where cabins are, on conventional craft, this craft seemed to have a short, completely unlighted structure, that served only as a connection for a fantastic tail. The tail was high, and perpendicular-alarm. Just went " straight up ". The first thing I thought of, by comparison, was a scorpion's tail, though this did not " curl over " at the top like that. If just remained one the annular segment of a scorpion's tail--- one very long one ( and dented in, on the side facing me, as the craft crossed back in front of us, ) then some kind of " scooped " look ( as seen on Sputnik, then ended at the top as an enormous red light. I just never have seen anything like it. The craft was simply covered with brilliant red, green and white lights. By this time, I was leaning as far out the car window as possible.

Suddenly, another craft appeared, and performed exactly like the first one. In all, there were six of these craft that passed over our car, across the opposite lane of the dual highway, crossed back over in front of us, and took off at about a 45 degree angle. Ahead of us, and these were identical craft, in absolute identical precision flight. And there was absolutely no noise. Only once did I think that I heard a faint whirring, but I can't be sure. My husband kept driving, and there was no need to stop, because all the craft were ahead of us. I did notice that on our lanes north, going north, there was very little traffic. There was no one ahead of us, and I noticed that the traffic lanes were very light. However, there was a lot of traffic on the lanes going south, and surely some of them had to see the crafts when they went over our car and crossed those lanes.

As soon as the sixth craft passed over our car, they immediately went into an inverted "Z" formation. The top of the inverted "Z" was slightly downward, like this. The truth is, they did not "go into formation"---- even as I watched, they were already in formation. I had every chance to observe these craft, as they remained at each point for at least fifteen miles. Their formation was perfect. They passed by some kind of electrical tower, all this time moving rather slowly, and the large blinking call lights at the top of their tails blarded with the red lights on the tower, as if for a moment it were part of the formation. These craft were never out of sight, though at one point they were farther to the right ahead of us. They came back ( still looking like an inverted "Z") and at once were in perfect formation, over a wooded area, or to the right of the highway, about a quarter of a mile away. They were exactly the same distance, apart, exactly the same altitude ( very low, just above the woods ), and parallel to the highway. All that was visible was a straight line or large blinking brilliant red lights. They were completely motionless, except for those red, blinking lights, as far back as we could see. I think two more craft from somewhere joined the formation, because I counted three or four times, and it looked like there were eight blinking lights.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

"We drove on, and suddenly, coming towards us at tremendous speed, no more than two hundred feet above the right barn of the highway, was a completely different craft. It simply stopped in the air, and stayed there, while we drove by and looked up at it. It was a flat triangle, with one side much longer than the others, and looked like this:

[A hand-drawn sketch of a triangular shape is present]

It had red, green, and white lights completely around it. It just stayed there ---- "parked", or "suspended"---- in the air, for as long as we could look back and see it.

All these craft moved effortlessly, and there was no sound. At first, I thought the triangle coming towards us was a jet, but it wasn't. It was silent. And I've never seen a jet stop on a dime, so to speak, without even seeing to stop, and "hang still" in the air. All these craft were so low, and so close to us, and so brilliantly lighted.

I don't know why, but neither my husband nor I felt afraid. It seemed like a fantastic Christmas show, in the air---- all the lights were red, green and white, and it was one of the most beautiful things I ever hope to see.

As soon as we arrived home, I made notes of everything I could think of, receiving these craft. The purpose of our visit to North Vernon in the first place was to see my brother, Lt. Col. William G. Sprinkle, and his family, from Florida, who were stationed at the Patrick Air Force Base, in Florida. After debating all the next day about this, I decided to report this to him, and he then reported it to you. He told me the truth should know about it.

I am no artist---- just can't draw anything---- but following are some bits and pieces that maybe someone can put together and at least have an idea of what I saw that night. If I can be of further help, please let me know. I'd appreciate greatly, hearing from you.

very truly yours,
[Signature redacted]

[Additional handwritten notes at bottom of page include "Blinking Red Light" and some other partially legible notes]


- page 7 -

Fontana Village
GREAT SMOKY MOUNTAIN VACATION RESORT
FONTANA DAM, NORTH CAROLINA
24 Jan 1966

[Most of the text in the body of the letter is obscured or blacked out, making it illegible. Only fragments of text are visible, but not enough to confidently reconstruct the full content.]

The letterhead and date are clearly visible, but the majority of the letter's text has been redacted with black lines.


- page 8 -

