PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
31 May 1966 31/1440Z

2. LOCATION
Central Valley, California (1 Witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
SSE

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (BALLOON)S

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted white star like object in the SSE direction which appeared to stand still at times. The object disappeared while standing still. Never did move in any direction. Object disappeared and reappeared 3 times. Observer has seen similar objects many times.

Object appeared to be catching rays of rising sun.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.

After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use another sheet of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name [REDACTED]
   Address: NEWTON, MASS.
   Telephone [REDACTED]
   Place of Employment [REDACTED]
   Occupation - TYPIST
   Education - OUR LADY'S HIGH SCHOOL
   Special Training
   Military Service

2. Date of Observation MAY 1, 1966
   Time 10:00 AM (PM) Time Zone E.D.T.

3. Locality of Observation NEWTON - WATERTOWN, MASS.

4. How long did you see the object?
   Hours 10 Minutes Seconds

5. Please describe weather conditions and type of sky; i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, clouds, etc.
   I DON'T KNOW

6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you.
   I DON'T KNOW

7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible?
   N/SOON

8. Were there more than one object?
   NO

9. Place describe the object(s) in detail: For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light, was it revolving, etc? Please use additional sheet if necessary.
   IT APPEARED SOLID AND WAS HOVERING

10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky?
    YES.

11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc.
    BRIGHT LIKE THE MOON

12. Did the object(s) —
    a. Appear to stand still or move any time? YES
    b. Suddenly speed up or slow down any time? YES
    c. Blink or pulsate any time? NO
    d. Give off smoke? N/A
    e. Leave any visible trail? NO
    f. Drop anything? N/A
    g. Seem to disintegrate? YES
    h. Change shape? YES
    i. Change color? THE NIGHTS CHANGED ITS COLOR - GREEN, WHITE, RED

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, or anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc. if possible.
    [No response]

14. Was there any wind? - NO
    If so, please give direction and speed.

15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, window, screen, etc?
    NO

16. Did the object(s) have any sound? NO
    What kind? How loud?

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) —
    a. Fuzzy or blurred.
    b. Like a bright disc.
    c. Sharply outlined.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

18. Was the object:
    a. Self-luminous?
    b. Definish?
    c. Reflecting?
    d. Transparent?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? YES

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
    a. Pinhead        d. Nickel        g. Orange
    b. Pea            e. Half dollar   h. Grapefruit
    c. Dime           f. Silver dollar i. Larger

    Or, if easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? I WAS RIDING IN A CAR, AND IT CAUGHT MY COUSIN'S EYE.

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? RIDING IN A CAR

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? DISAPPEARED AS IT GLIDED AWAY

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a piston or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. IT WAS SLOWER THAN A PLANE, BUT IT MANEUVERED

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterward? YES, PLEASE ELABORATE. - NO

26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s). 700 FEET

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? [A hand-drawn sketch of a hemisphere is present]

28. Names and address of other witnesses, if any: [Redacted]

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation, showing North, your position, the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view, the direction of its course over the area; roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.

    MOVED FROM LEFT TO RIGHT

    [A hand-drawn map showing Stearn's School Playground and "MYSELF"]

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? YES, WHITETOWN ARSENAL

31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.

32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or television programs (include time, station and date, if possible) regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. We will return the material to you.

33. Were you interrogated by Air Force Investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the name and rank or title of the agent, his office, and details as to where and when the questioning took place.

34. We should like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of this form, for our own confidential files.

    You may use my name: (√)    Please keep my name confidential: ( )

35. Date of filling out this report: 5-6-66    Signature: [Redacted]


- page 3 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which an answer are needed for full evaluation by NICAP. After all information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use another sheet of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name [REDACTED]
   Address [REDACTED]
   Telephone [REDACTED]
   Occupation CLERK-TYPIST
   Education HIGH SCHOOL
   Special Training NIGHT SCHOOL
   Military Service [BLANK]

2. Date of Observation MAY 1, 1966
3. Locality of Observation WATERTOWN & NEWTON, MASS.
4. How long did you see the object? 5 Minutes
5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky, i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc. CLOUDY, NIGHTTIME
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you. NOT KNOWN
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? MOON
8. Were there more than one object? NO
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it(they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, etc? Please use additional sheets if necessary. IT APPEARED SOLID, SAID, AND WAS REVOLVING.
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky? YES
11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc. SAME AS THE MOON.
12. Did the object(s) —
    a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES
    b. Suddenly speed up or slow down at any time? YES
    c. Break up into parts or explode? NO
    d. Give off smoke? NO
    e. Leave any visible trail? NO
    f. Stop anything? NO
    g. Change brightness? YES
    h. Change shape? NO
    i. Change color? LIGHTS CHANGED COLOR, RED, WHITE, GREEN

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc. if possible. NO
14. Was there any wind? NO
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windowpane, storm window, screening, etc? NO
16. Did the object(s) have any sound? NO
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) —
    a. Fuzzy or blurred.
    b. Like a bright star.
    c. Sharply outlined.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

18. Was the object —
    a. Self-luminous?
    b. Dull finish?
    c. Reflecting?
    d. Transparent?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall, while in motion? YES

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
    a. Pinhead    d. Nickel     g. Orange
    b. Pea        e. Half dollar   h. Grapefruit
    c. Dime       f. Silver dollar  i. Larger

    Or, if easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? MY COUSIN CAME AND GOT ME TO SEE IT.

22. Where were you and what were you doing at this time? IN A HOUSE WATCHING TELEVISION.

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view? GLIDED AWAY

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a plane or jet aircraft at the same apparent altitude. MUCH SLOWER THAN A PLANE BUT WAS ABLE TO MOVE VERY SLOWLY.

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately afterward? If so, please elaborate. NO

26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s). 300 FEET

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? (Please mark on this hemisphere sketch)

28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any. (Redacted)

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North near your position, the direction which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view; the direction of its course over the area; roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile. (Sketch shows movement from LEFT TO RIGHT)

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? YES, WATERTOWN ARSENAL

31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper. YES

32. (Partially cut off, incomplete)

33. Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local official? If so, please state the name and rank or title of the agent, his office, and details as to when and when the questioning took place. NO

34. (Permission and consent section)

35. Date of filing out this report: NOV 6, 1966    Signature: (Redacted)

There is also a hand-drawn sketch of a UFO and some additional markings on the document.


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

MUNSTER, IND.

No case info only

17 May

There is a small hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a simple rectangular or box-like shape in the bottom center of the page.


- page 6 -

May whom it may concern,

On the after noon of May 17,1966 between 11:30 + 12:00 A.M. I glanced out the window at the xxxxx twins next door, and I saw a object that looked like a spool of thread. It was over a field about 900 Or more feet away. I don't know how high it was, just that it looked like it was over a woods. It looked like it was made of some shiny metal. I could see some kind of material around it. I was looking at it for three min. When I was looking at xxxxx it xxxxx just hovered, until it desapered. That night I was watching the 6:00 news and they had people on tv that saw UFO's that day. I never thought of sending it in ,because I never thought of sending it in before.

[The last paragraph appears to be partially obscured/blacked out and partially illegible]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE    INFO ONLY
7/May 19, 1966    45

Third Sir!

There is now a flying object I seen I'll
try and describe it for you. I thought some
thing was on fire in the sky. I twist around
a diary and got a quick peak and made a smoke
ring about 2 ft across. Then there was this object
it look like this drawing.

1. the size was cut off
2. was made of strips + painted dull color
3. in middle
4. looks like glass.
5. the body was white.

I saw it from my dinning room window.
Then I went in the kitchen and saw the trail
of smoke in went straight east as far as I
could see. Then I went back to the dinning room
and look at it my view like a flash it seems was
gone. I went by the window and I saw the
The dot is a belt with a split heart shape in
[small hand-drawn sketch of an object]
smoke screen above the house so I went out
side and watched it while it trail across
the sky in a smoke screen. It left heavy,


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

tuff of some hi from the more with to witch come
lit as sit trail along. I saw about 1/2 of 1/2 of the
object. that is all that came out of the same to scene
it was very large for small try to tell you how
it travel & over the sky. it come straight
in from the east. here is how the small
ball of left behind. best I can draw
I lived in eastern when I saw this object
the date May 13, 1975 the day was the time
2 P.M.

[Handwritten note at bottom]
Alpha W.F. 68865
at a fast I saw him what would a fast be doing, best then

[There is also a hand-drawn sketch/diagram on the page]


- page 9 -

300 feet off the ground. I said
it was a jet at the
engine would knock away
to pieces. The jet go by here
at last. And he said that is what
I saw. When he see the smoke
trail, the jet leaves the smoke
from the view. And the object
I seem leave it from the view.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

OSCAR-Report
Organization-for-Scientific-Analysis-and-Research
P.O. Box 562
Paoli, Penna. 19301

This form contains questions formulated by the USAF and other investigating agencies and by NICAP.

The OSCAR effort is aimed at the technical identification and description of the principles associated with sighted phenomena. It is not possible to ask questions covering all aspects. It is therefore requested that the witness include all details that he feels may contribute to a more comprehensive appraisal of the sources of the phenomenon. Include in question answers or separately. Please print or typewrite. Thank you for your cooperation.

Since the gathering of data for analysis is the primary purpose of this report, it is the intent of OSCAR to maintain the privacy of its sources. Please check one of the following:

( ) Remove the name completely ( ) Carry name for follow- (V) Use name as may be
from report and records up contact to clarify desirable for extended
information; not for evaluation by other
public release. investigation agencies

1. Name: [redacted]
Place of Employment: Sears Roebuck and Co.
Address: [redacted]
Occupation: Chief Pilot Eastern Territory
Telephone: [redacted]
Special Training: RCAF USAAF

2. Date of Observation May 21 1966 Time AM 3:15 PM Time Zone E

3. Locality of Observation 3 Miles N.W. Willow Grove Nav. Air Station

4. How long did you see the object? Hours 1 Minutes Seconds

5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky; i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc. CLEAR 15 + VIS. WIDELY SCATTERED ALTO STRATUS

6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you. 10 O'CLOCK HIGH

7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible? N/A

8. Were there more than one object? If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, if any. OBJECT PASSED OVER HEAD IN DISTANCE OF APPROX 1 MILE, MADE AN ABRUPT TURN

9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, etc.? Please use additional sheet of paper, if necessary. Please include sketch with as many details as possible.
IT WAS SOLID. IT WAS AS CLEAN AS SEEING A CADILLAC. DRIFTING BY AT 10-15 YDS.
THERE WAS NO APPARENT ROTATION OR EXHAUST.

GLISTENING WHITE
DAYGLO RED


- page 11 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
31   May   1966
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 6   40
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other __________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is blacked out]   Central Valley   California
                                   City or Town        State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   a. Certain                   c. Not very sure
   b. Fairly certain            d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? radio
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes __   No X

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                           NIGHT
a. Bright                     a. Bright
b. Cloudy                     b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you       e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky?
    N/A

11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc.
    N/A

12. Did the object(s) - check as many as apply. (Please elaborate, if you can give details)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? APPEARED TO VANISH WHILE WE
    c. Appear to oscillate (rock back and forth) in place? WERE OBSERVING IT OUT
    d. Break up into parts and explode?                   THE REAR AFT WINDOW
    e. Give off smoke?
    f. Leave any visible trail?
    g. Drop anything?
    h. Change brightness?
    i. Change shape?
    j. Change color?

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc., if possible.
    THE UFO APPEARED TO GO W/ BEHIND THE NAVY JETS AHEAD OF US AND THEN MADE AN ABRUPT

14. Was there any wind? If so, please give direction and speed.
    N/A

15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, window-pane, storm window, screening, etc? What?
    ACROSS WINDSHIELD AT A DISTANCE AND THRU SIDE WINDOWS AS IT PASSED ON RT.

16. Did the object(s) have any sound?
    N/O                 NOTABLE    What kind?    How Loud?

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) -
    a. Fuzzy or blurred,     d. Uneven contour,     g. Oval
    b. Like a bright star,   e. Uniform,            h. Angled edges
    c. Sharply outlined,     f. Round               i. Protrusions

18. Was the object:
    a. Self-luminous?
    b. Dull finish?          CLEAN BRIGHT FINISH
    c. Reflecting?
    d. Transparent?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion?
    APPEARED LEVEL FLIGHT AT ALL TIMES AT 4500'

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
    a. Pinhead             d. Nickel             g. Orange
    b. Pea                 e. Half Dollar        h. Grapefruit
    c. Dime                f. Silver dollar      i. Larger

    Or, if easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.
    ESTIMATED 20 FEET ACROSS BASED ON ESTIMATE LOOKS DISTANT


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

-3-

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? WHILE WATCHING FOR OTHER AIRCRAFT
   The u fo AFFECTED AT A DISTANCE ABOUT 11 O'CLOCK FROM THE NOSE OF THE AIRCRAFT

22. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
   FLYING LISCOMBE 8F ALMOST 4500' 3 miles NW WILLOW GROVE

23. How did the object(s) disappear from view?
   VANISHED WHILE WE WERE LOOKING AT IT AFTER IT PASSED.

24. Compare the speed of the object(s) with a piston or jet aircraft at the same
    apparent altitude.
    IT DID NOT APPEAR TO PASS US VERY FAST - ESTIMATE 200 MPH

25. Were there any conventional aircraft in the location at the time or immediately
    afterwards? If so, please elaborate.
    4 NAVY JETS, 2 TWO SHIP FORMATION GOING AWAY FROM US (NOTE CHART)

26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s).
    PASSED WITHIN 100 YDS

27. What was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on sketch:
    SAME ELEVATION AS MYSELF

28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any:
    MISS MURIEL MCCLAVE           DAVID DR. BROADLAWN APTS BRYN MAWR PA

29. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North; your position,
    the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view; the
    direction of its course over the area; roads, towns, villages, railroads and other
    landmarks within a mile.
    (A hand-drawn map is included with various annotations)

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area?
    YES WILLOW GROVE N.A.S.       JOHNSVILLE NAVY RESEARCH BASE

31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe
    these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.

32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clippings, notes of radio or
    television programs (include time, station and date, if possible) regarding this or
    similar observations, or any other background material. We will return the
    material to you.
    N/P


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

-4-

33. Were you interrogated by Air Force investigators? By any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the name and rank or title of the agent, his office, and details as to where and when the questioning took place, Called Willow Grove NAS 2 DAYS LATER BUT WERE UNINTERESTED.

34. Were you asked or told not to reveal or discuss the incident? If so, were any reasons given or official orders mentioned? Please elaborate carefully.
NO

34. Do you know anyone else that has had a sighting that may provide significant information for analysis? If no, please give their name and address so that we may contact them.

35. We should like permission to use you information in public disclosure. (Using your name in reference to it as you instructed at the beginning of the form). This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP (1535 Connecticut Avenue, N.W., Washington 6, D.C.) and/or to OSCAR and allow the dissemination of information for the maximum analysis and understanding by all interested agencies.

(√) Yes, you may use the information, ( ) No, use information only for your work and maintain in confidential files.

36. Date of filling out this report: 12/3/66

37. Name of person filling out form: [redacted/blacked out]


- page 15 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Tuesday MAY 4 1966
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 8:30
           Hours   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
                           b. Central
                           c. Mountain
                           d. Pacific
                           e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Partially blacked out] HOPEDALE, MASS.
                City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
2     30
Hours  Minutes  Seconds   GUESS

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Time IT Took To GET To OTHER Position

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy   Low hanging clouds

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember

[Rest of form continues with additional questions, some partially filled out]

Form bottom notes: FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, (JL) 61, which is obsolete.


- page 16 -

AIR FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds (how)
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light ALSO
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
4 objects shaped like a football, red like a hot plate

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: like the tail
light of a car
only much larger

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and run away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know

Seem to keep same rate of speed


- page 17 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what

It moved behind: all four objects moved over high tensions wires and then behind trees

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what

In front of: There were some low hanging clouds, which were above and behind the four objects

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:        NONE
b. Color:        Bright red

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

Like putting a small pencil mark on an object the size of a watermelon

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch shows five oval/disc-shaped objects moving from East to S.W. with an annotation: "Like picture on page 35 of this issue"]

[Remaining questions on the right side of the form are partially cut off]


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

Force UFO form continued
Page 3                                                                   Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No     Very FAST. We have
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?    watches & phones go one
                                                            thin 5 homes like a low flying
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?    plane!
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, how far would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?           23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One)                                                 a. In the business section of a city?
a. Inside a building                                         b. In the residential section of a city?
b. In a car                                                  c. In open countryside?
c. Outdoors                                                  d. Near an airfield
d. In an airplane (type)                                     e. Flying over a city?
e. At sea                                                    f. Flying over open country?
f. Other                                                     g. Other: 12 as U.S. road

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)    e. South     g. West
a. North     b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How far were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No     g. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No     f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No     g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No     h. Other: NAKED EYE

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or ob-
ject which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Like an electric plate
Shaped like sketch on back
of this page


- page 19 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

E, steady motion                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ="

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

From East                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO form continued                                                   Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
observed several The month of May
of 1966 only much smaller in size and further
away.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted address]
HOPEDALE, MASS.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Personal details redacted, except:]
AGE 49   SEX FEMALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
Others have confided in me about
their own experiences, and when asked why
it wasn't reported to the A.F. or police. The
usual answer is afraid of ridicule and
don't want their name mentioned.
The last report was January 1, 1967.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Saturday   May   1966
Day         Month    Year


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: MONDAY FEB. 1967
                Day     Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[Handwritten text next to sketch: the other half slight was to the far left of this sketch and could not be seen at the same time.]

HOPEDALE UFO SIGHTING
Tuesday evening on the 24th of May 1966 at 8:15 p.m., my sister-in-law, Helen E. Zampini, and I, Annette W. Strappon, went to the back yard of her home to watch the skies for anything unusual we might see in the heavens. (We have done this very same thing many times before) There were low hanging clouds, but the stars were visible here and there, directly overhead, looking toward a south-easterly direction we could see a bright red star-like object above the tree tops in the sky. We saw this about 8:30 p.m.

[Handwritten text at bottom of page: I also have several pictures that were taken Nov. of 1960. These were given to me]


- page 22 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Electric Street Light

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

orce UFO form continued                                                Page 8

After watching it for a while we crossed over to the rear of my house. From there we could see another red object that was more toward the east, just about the position where the moon rises, although it was now in the west and in the first quarter. We then went back, to watch from the other position. Both these objects could not be seen from the same position because of the trees obstructing the view. I gave my watching to go home.

Before entering the house, I went once more to the rear, and just as I looked up I saw a large red object with a silver dome, crossing very silently, from east to south-west. I ran very quickly to look from the other position. Helen was still watching. As I arrived it had just crossed over the high tension wires, behind the trees, and out of view. As I began to turn I said "LOOK", and to the left, from the very same direction, came another and another, and another. Four in all. The first having the lead was out of view; but the three following were one behind the other. We could see all three at the same time.

We listened for some kind of sound but heard none. The time was about 9:30. The other two red objects reduced in size and turned to white. The time was between 9:30 and 9:45 p.m., and we also sighted a USAF experimental plane flying overhead. At first we thought it was another UFO but soon realized, from the span of the wings, that it definitely was a plane with all the bright lights that lit up the craft so that it created a beautiful sight, almost directly over our heads. About 10:15 p.m. both red objects vanished.

Probe comment: These two ladies are very sincere and open-minded; not excitable or seeking publicity - but rather - willing to share what they have seen with others. It was a very nice interview and we are happy to present it in Probe. Thank You.


- page 24 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

GRAND HOTEL MINERVA
FLORENCE (Italy)

Intelligence Division
Dept of the Air Force, Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

PER VIA AEREA
BY AIR MAIL
PAR AVION

USA

The document appears to be a letter or report sent from the Grand Hotel Minerva in Florence, Italy to the Intelligence Division at the Pentagon in Washington, D.C. The page contains multiple black and white photographs of what seem to be city streets and buildings in Florence.

At the bottom right of the page, there is a handwritten number: H3358


- page 25 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 2                                                                        Florence, Italy
                                                                               10:30 AM
                                                                               May 24, 1966

10 seconds, in a
region of closely        Dear Sir:
spaced, clearly visible
faint star(s), not     I hope you will forward this letter
lost in a cloud). No   to the correct office. It is a description
                        of an "Unidentified Flying Object" (UFO)
attempt of any type    which my wife and I saw last night,
seen during this period. First seen: 1:00 AM ± 5 minutes, 24 May 1966
Heard one commercial   Duration: 6 ± 2 minutes
commercial type aircraft   Location: Room, Minerva Hotel, Florence, Italy
for one or two minutes    Appearance: Looked like a very bright white
during this period, but   star, brighter than my visible in sky at time,
sound came from either    Course: Heading up from horizon towards
direction than UFO.       big dipper. Passed through big dipper.
Otherwise very quiet      (Text Well Disappeared ?? 60° West of Ram, Speed not
night, so far have        constant, but variable. Almost stopped
no one else mention       at times. Course not straight, but slowly
this. My home address     changing, appeared to be wandering slightly.
is:                       Other obsl: Clear sky. Disappeared by
                          slowly fading out over a period of 5 to

Page 3
You are probably interested
in my qualifications as an
observer:
Ph.D. in Physics, 1952
Univ. of Illinois,
Presently Scientific
Consultant.

I will be back in US
after June 1st if you
want more info.

Sincerely,

[Note: Parts of the text are obscured by black redaction marks, particularly on the bottom right of the page]


- page 26 -

Commanding Officer, Project Blue Book
Air Technical Intelligence Center
w/ 11-13 Holloman Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio 45433

Gentlemen,

I am writing a report concerning several UFO's witnessed by myself and several others who were with me at different times.

The first and most prominent one was an object I saw flying between my home and Kansas City. The object, when I first saw it, was about the size of a street light at a distance of one hundred yards away. This was on the night of May 23, 1966. The object seemed to be shaped as thus: [small sketch/symbol]. It was glowing a dull orange-red. I watched it, as it went through a series of maneuvers, for approximately half an hour.

It seemed to be looking for something. It would hover then discovered to the horizon, I saw.


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

Repeat the maneuver.
Then it stopped for a few seconds
and seemed to be just about fifty
ft. from the ground. This height,
of course, is only an estimate.

Suddenly the intensity of its
glow increased immensely and it flashed off toward
the south, ascending at almost a
30° angle to the ground, where it had
stopped. Then it appeared another
one who repeated the change in
light and followed the first. I
watched them until they had gone.

The night had been a dark
one, with no moon or clouds to be
seen anywhere. I & observed them
from my bedroom through a pair
of 8x binoculars.

& for about a week after, both
my family and I watched several
UFOs which were in two or
three flying at a very high altitude.


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

at a party by a lake when three
flew over flying southwest in what
seemed to be an formation, "o", like
these. These were very high, and had
brighter than any star I've ever seen.
Each was a single white light.

The reason I was so long in
contacting you was because I didn't
have an address.

I am in the Air Force now and
I think I owe it to my country
to tell them that there is something
in our skies that doesn't belong there.
Our duty is to gain and maintain
mountain air supremacy throughout
the skies. But, gentlemen, I
I think were lost. that goal
simply because were to ignorant
to accept what we don't understand.

I thank you for your time.

Sincerely,
[signature area blacked out]


- page 29 -

Proposed reply to letter from [redacted] 11 May 1967

Dear [redacted]

This replies to your recent correspondence regarding your unidentified observation. At this late date, a meaningful scientific investigation is not possible. It is important for an individual to report his observation to the nearest Air Force installation as soon as possible.

Your information will be filed for information purposes only.

To date, there has been a total lack of tangible evidence to indicate our planet has or is being visited by extraterrestrial vehicles. Loose, but in reports only.

Thank you for your interest in the Air Force's UFO program.

[Redacted address]
92 sq. CM.R.2 Box 10076
Keesler AFB, Miss 39534

[Mailing address]
C.O. Project Blue Book
Air Tech. Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio 45433


- page 30 -

Here is the text from the document:

1/c Close Gallo only                                   31 May 66

SAFOICC/Maj Rademacher/jad/9079/12 Jun 67

JUN 12 1967

Dear [redacted]

This replies to your recent correspondence regarding your unidentified observation. At this late date, a meaningful scientific investigation is not possible. It is important for an individual to report his observation to the nearest Air Force installation as soon as possible. Your information will be filed for information purposes only.

To date, there has been a total lack of tangible evidence to indicate our planet has or is being visited by extraterrestrial vehicles.

Thank you for your interest in the Air Force's UFO program.

Sincerely,

BARNETT B. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

92 SQ, Air 2, Box 10076
Keesler AFB, Mississippi 39534

COORDINATED BY:   SAFOI-CC

[Additional coordination notes at bottom of page]


- page 31 -

1 - 12 JUNE 1966 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER           EVALUATION

June    Denver, Colorado           [Redacted]         INSUFFICIENT DATA
June    Columbus, Ohio             [Redacted]         INSUFFICIENT DATA
June    Easton, Penn.              [Redacted]         INSUFFICIENT DATA
June    Hartford, Wisconsin        [Redacted]         INSUFFICIENT DATA
1       Dayton, Ohio               [Redacted]         AIRCRAFT
1       Dayton, Ohio               [Redacted]         SATELLITE
1       Colorado Springs, Colorado [Redacted]         AIRCRAFT
2       Claremont, California      [Redacted]         INSUFFICIENT DATA
3       Houston, Texas             [Redacted]         AIRCRAFT
3       Lycoming, New York         [Redacted]         VENUS
3       Huntington, New York       [Redacted]         INSUFFICIENT DATA
3       Northport, New York        [Redacted]         BALLOON
3       Colorado Springs, Colorado [Redacted]         SATELLITE
3       Colorado Springs, Colorado [Redacted]         Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
4       Colorado Springs, Colorado [Redacted]         INSUFFICIENT DATA
4       Dayton, Ohio               [Redacted]         SATELLITE
4-5     Baker, Oregon              [Redacted]         Astro (CAPELLA)
5       Condon, Oregon             [Redacted]         Astro (METEOR)
5       Dexter, Ohio               [Redacted]         AIRCRAFT
6       Gahanna, Ohio              [Redacted]         Astro (ALTAIR)
6       Tyler, Texas               [Redacted]         AIRCRAFT
6       Polar, Wisconsin           [Redacted]         SATELLITE
6       Spooner, Wisconsin         [Redacted]         UNIDENTIFIED
8       Roann, Indiana             [Redacted]         AIRCRAFT
8       Amarillo, Texas            [Redacted]         SATELLITE
8       Kansas, Ohio               [Redacted]         UNIDENTIFIED
8       Fayetteville, North Carolina [Redacted]       Civilian/Military
                                                      Other (REFLECTION OF GROUND LIGHTS)
10      Duluth, Minnesota          [Redacted]         SATELLITE
10      Cleveland, Ohio            [Redacted]         Other (REFLECTION)
10      King of Prussia, Penn.     [Redacted]         SATELLITE
10      Medway, Ohio               [Redacted]         AIRCRAFT
10-12   Marietta, Ohio             [Redacted]         AIRCRAFT
11      Xalat, Afghanistan         [Redacted]         Astro (Venus)
11      Vineland, New Jersey       [Redacted]         Civilian/Military
11      Lynchburg, Virginia        [Redacted]         SATELLITE
11      Mesquite, Texas            [Redacted]         INSUFFICIENT DATA
11      Dayton, Ohio               [Redacted]         SATELLITE
12      Paterson, Virginia         [Redacted]         SATELLITE
12      York, Pennsylvania         [Redacted]         Astro (ARCTURUS)
12      Columbus, Ohio             [Redacted]         AIRCRAFT
12      Columbus, Ohio             [Redacted]         AIRCRAFT
12      Columbus, Ohio             [Redacted]         SATELLITE
12      Columbus, Ohio             [Redacted]         SATELLITE
12      Beavercreek, Ohio          [Redacted]         Astro (ALTAIR)


- page 32 -

1 - 12 JUNE 1966 SIGHTINGS

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE           LOCATION            SOURCE           EVALUATION
June           Rossville, Ga.
June           Plaquemins, La.


- page 33 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object disappeared while standing still. Never had more in any direction.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - none
b. Color - white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
have been covered 3/4 of it would

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
bright object was round O
27 disappeared and reappeared 3 times


- page 34 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   5-6 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) _____________
e. At sea
f. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?   none of these
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No       e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No       f. Telescope       Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No       g. Theodolite      Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No       h. Other _____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a slight tree or else I can think of.


- page 35 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
AS seen in order

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 36 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
5-11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 and 5-21, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28
all dates at same address -> [redacted] Blvd Central Valley, Calif.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Central Valley, California
TELEPHONE NUMBER [blank]
AGE 29   SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
? May 1966 [redacted] Walter Co. Central Valley, Calif.


- page 37 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    2nd   June   1966m

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Shuttle men, again I shall tell you what I have friends who able see these lights. This summer we shall take pictures of these lights as we now have such people backing us. As soon as we get a good picture, then all newspapers shall see a picture because our story will be for sale. I much rather help quiet + send our story and pictures to the Government.

The Government will learn of our success only from Newspapers if they continue to show no interest. Again, I shall tell you that people not of planet control their things. We know that the Government has a story that came from another planet from another universe back in 1930. Men, food, and book was also found. Thank you gentlemen for your time.

Central Valley, Calif.


- page 38 -

UFO SIGHTING SUMMARY
UFO Report - 5/4/66

WITNESSES: [Names redacted]
West Hebron, Mass.
Education: High School
Occupation: Clevis Typist

PLACE: Newton-Westroom, Mass.
(Near National Arsenal)

TIME: 10:00 PM EDT

BACKGROUND: [Partially illegible text]

SIGHTING: Two witnesses described an oral object 6" to bright rotating red, green and white. The... near center was 8" of 1 clear head and long length. The... compared to that of the moon which was also visible in the sky. ... noticed 30 hovering, and cleared others to look. At closest point it seemed to be about 600 feet away and at fairly low level. Lasted about 5 minutes nervously dry. It was in 6's vicinity of 5 - 10 minutes.

EVALUATION: [Partially illegible text, but appears to discuss the credibility and details of the sighting]

[Signature and additional text at bottom of document]


- page 39 -

