PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE • TIME GROUP
7 July 66  8/0002

2. LOCATION
Conroe, Texas                3

3. SOURCE
Civilian (17)

10. CONCLUSION
Other (Conflicting Data)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5-10 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
SW

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Three observers watched an object come from the NW travel toward the east then turn and head toward the southern horizon. It was one huge white light on the front and three red steady lights on the trailing edge. The above statement contradicts what was reported in the initial letter concerning the sighting. In the letter of 15 Jan 67 the witnesses said that no red or green lights were visible. The witness also talked about a 27 Jan 67 sighting, which was observed by several persons. When sent the form 164 on this sighting the witness returned the form on the July 1966 sighting.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

OIL TOOLS
INC.
RENTAL EQUIPMENT
24 Hour Service
January 15, 1967

1. Helicopter **
2. Satellite - **
3. Prop. engine plane - *
4. Turbo engine plane - ***
5. Truck - ****
6. Missile

each even speed very
slow, only slight white light
no red or green lights, wing is
moving when first spotted by
low alt. undoubtly modified it
was moving at a second look
Crawferd said the only plane
landed just had landed on
the last two to minimal present
information (time 6:50). Sighted at
time 6:50 in the northwest;
slight turn due East

Illegible markings/stamps in top right corner: RE 4:2566 and CE 4.4521


- page 2 -

Jan. 27, 1967
6:20 - 6:30 PM.
Sky clear. moon 3/4.
First saw. Ann called up and said
another one was going over. I went
outside and I saw it.
only color as others. one white
light gliding across sky. I ran over
to turn a house and watched it.
We walked up the hill (road) and
as we see watching this other one
we saw something else. G--- and I
de don't.

Note: Some words are partially illegible or cut off, so I've transcribed as accurately as possible based on what can be clearly read.


- page 3 -

I have never seen anything like this before. It happened approximately 2-3 miles off like the left of St. Regis.

I saw it for 10-15 seconds and then it was no longer in sight.

While I was over watching these at Jennie house, my father watched the first one at my home at and observed it perfectly vague, light into the darkness about 1/2 and to the side. Startled them as arms of light.

I will still fill out in many for me as you will send, I will tell to any officials at all time.

I do not mind telling you that this has few people worried.

6 WP


- page 4 -

Witnesses:
Miss [redacted]
Conroe, Texas
77301

[Redacted]
Conroe, Texas
77301

[Redacted]
Conroe, Texas
77301

I have sent more forms to
the immediately and to the
above names.

P.S. please
return these
for my records.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO Case 7 July 66

SAF-OICC/Mrs. Cassel/ua/79079/17Jan67

JAN 17 1967

Dear [redacted]:

This replies to your recent letter in which you report your unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

It would be very difficult to evaluate your sighting at this late date. Time is of the essence in reporting UFO sightings. However, I have inclosed an PD Form 164 which has an official report to the Air Force. If you complete and forward this form, we will attempt to evaluate your sighting.

I have also inclosed other material pertaining to UFOs which I hope you will find informative.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Major, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attn: [redacted]
Conroe, Texas 77301

SAF-OICC

Coord cy - 347-116
Coord cy - 347-116
Rcdrs cy - SAF-010
Activity cy - SAF-028
Stayback


- page 6 -

January 10, 1967
Conroe, Texas
77301

PROJECT BLUE BOOK INFORMATION OFFICE
SAFOI
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20330

Gentlemen:

On the night of July 7, 1966, I had the occasion with two other boys to see an Unidentified Flying Object.

At approximately 10:00 P.M. I saw a bright light off in the distance and thought at first to be just a bright star. But as I watched it, the light became larger. I called [redacted] and [redacted] attention to the object. We could see it clearly since we were out in the middle of Grand Lake in a canoe. We watched it and as the light got brighter, we heard a low hum. The closer it came, the louder the steady hum became. It never at any time became unbearable. This hum was not the noise of an airplane, jet or helicopter. I know that definitely. As it came directly to the left of us, we could see three red lights. The lights were in a semi-circle pattern. It never stopped; the lights stayed on, never blinking, the low hum getting fainter as it trav-


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

eled out of sight. Gentlemen, this is true.

Sincerely yours

(Note: The first part of the first line appears to be cut off or incomplete. The signature is followed by a large black redaction mark.)

The page is marked as "Page 2" at the top right corner.


- page 8 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?    7th    July    1966
                                    Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:    16:00    
                   Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern         (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Central                        b. Standard
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?    CONROE    TEXAS
                                               Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    0    5-10    
                                   Hours    Minutes    Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined?    by watch (wrist)
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright (CLEAR)
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 9 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
I thought was regular star at first

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other 2 RED LIGHTS ON
REALLY LARGE EDGE IN
SEMI-CIRCLE PATTERN

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know

* at height as it come closer


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   low hum like things motor (electric)
b. Color:   one huge white light on ground. 3 RED steady lights

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
4½ hand at 5 mist
all of head when at closest point.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Note: The drawing section is blank in this image]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ON GRAND LAKE (BOY SCOUT CAMP)

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? SLOW miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A SATELLITE, BUT THEY DON'T MAKE AS IT IS.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
Straight

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
will get address for you.                will get address for you.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS:    [Street]Blvd.   Conroe   City   Texas   Zone   State
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
AGE   17   SEX   MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
very much familiar with planes etc. and plan to join the U.S. Air Force after graduation.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   Radio Station KNRO
                                                                    Conroe, Texas   77331
Day   8   Month   July   Year   1966
                            Conrads Courier
                            Conroe, Texas   Newspaper
                            Stan Crawford


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    22    JANUARY    1970
    Day             Month       Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[Large blank space]

ENCLOSURE:

PLEASE REPLY QUICKLY


- page 15 -

7 July 66                Conroe, Texas

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    TDET/UFO                                           1 February 1967

SUBJECT:    UFO Observation, 27 Jan 67

TO:         Mr. [redacted]
            Conroe, Texas 77301

            Reference your unidentified observation. The information which
            we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation.
            Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in
            the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation
            to the Air Force.

                                    JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
                                    Director of Technology and Subsystems

            1 Atch
            FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 16 -

