The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s.

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 October 66 - 21/0110Z
3. OBSERVER: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 Minutes
6. COURSE: Ground-Visual
7. FURTHER DETAILS: NNE
8. PHOTOS: X No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: □ Yes X No
10. CONCLUSION: Possible Astro (CAPELLA)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer watched an object that appeared as a light for about 15 minutes at this time. The object was practically motionless for the duration of the sighting. The object did not disappear into the horizon, but was watched the object.
Description is consistent with that of an astronomical observation. Capella being in the NE portion of the sky was at an elevation of approximately 15 deg, which would make it appear most unusual.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting, with various multiple-choice questions about the observed object, weather conditions, and other details.

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharp or outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

TRANSCRIPT OF TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any publications. Please give this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 20 OCT 66
2. Time of day: 2300 Hour 10 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? SOMERSET City or Town   KY State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 45 Minutes
    a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No ___
6. What was the condition of the sky? 
   DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy
   NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No 
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other ____

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which contains a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

Here is the text output from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound No
b. Color No

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

Transcribing the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: SOMERSET, KY
TELEPHONE NUMBER:  
AGE:  SEX: 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. 
CALLED IN BY

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: OD Month: 20 Year: 1966

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing instructions and text related to a UFO report.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90°  75°  60°  45°  30°  15° 
                N
W                      E
                S

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? _____________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

