There is no photograph contained in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a form used to document UFO sightings and investigations.

PROJECT 100/3 RECORD 
1. DATE & TIME GROUP 2 AUG 66
2. LOCATION Oaklawn, Illinois
3. SOURCE Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 10 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-visual
7. COURSE North 
8. PHOTOS 0 Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 0 Yes
10. CONCLUSION INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS Object was white and changed movement, but appears to have been related to a missile launch.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely a report or letter related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

March 15, 1966
Major Hector, Commanding Officer Blueford
Dayton, Ohio
Dear Major Henton,
As you know I believe in UFO's. I have seen and reported three times as many as some of my colleagues. Only last night I had a very unusual experience at my home 5 miles from here. On the night of the 14th of March at 11:50 PM my wife was wakened by a sound in the living room. She saw an object hovering about 50 feet above the ground for approximately 5 minutes. It was disc shaped, about 50 feet in diameter, and had a soft blue-white light which illuminated the entire area. It moved slowly across the sky in a straight line and then suddenly disappeared. I would appreciate if you would contact me at your earliest opportunity as I have some further information which I believe will be of interest to you.
Yours very truly,

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with text.

Roger and gentle friend, 29th of august 1966, 8:25 P.M. Oak Lawn, Illinois
Dear Mr. Blue, The object was above our heads about 3o seconds and then seemed to tilt forward and spin off and away to the south and out of sight. I noticed a small light in the front of it, yellowish in color. The object seemed to stop and hang motionless for a few seconds and then seemed to spit off or throw off small yellow lights and then it took off with great speed and was gone. We were all excited and surprised at what we saw. We have been having a lot of unexplained activity in this area and we wonder what could be going on. I hope you can shed some light on this for us. We would certainly appreciate any information you may have on this matter. Please let us know if you require any additional information from us.
Yours very truly, [Redacted]
P.S. Next - [Redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. The text in the document reads:

Ps
My report concerning last night. 

(Text redacted)

Mrs. - observed a ball of light emitting flashes from above in the southeastern sky

Mr. - observed the same thing. 

Dear friend, 11/00/89

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document, which seems to be a questionnaire or report form related to a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as complete a report as possible on the unidentified aerial phenomenon which you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give us will be used in connection with any statements or conclusions, or published reports, that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 2 August 1966
2. Time of day: 22:00
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Oaklawn, Illinois
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCRD TEXT:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Bright moonlight
d. Dull moonlight
e. Many
f. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

BRIGHTER THAN NORMAL

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One):
a. Sharply defined
b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Other

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Move slowly?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

YES   NO  DON'T KNOW
YES   NO  DON'T KNOW
YES   NO  DON'T KNOW
YES   NO  DON'T KNOW
YES   NO  DON'T KNOW
YES   NO  DON'T KNOW
YES   NO  DON'T KNOW

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only a form with handwritten text.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? To have just appeared
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't know If you answered YES, it moved behind: A cloud
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't know In front of: a cloud
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Increased then a whistling  
b. Color Bluish color/grayish tint

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? If you have performed this test, indicate how much of the object would have been covered by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the object itself. Also indicate any wings, protrusions, etc., and especially include trails or attachments, if any, as you saw them. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was moving, if applicable.

Text Transcription:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? To have just appeared
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't know If you answered YES, it moved behind: A cloud
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't know In front of: a cloud 
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Increased then a whistling
b. Color Bluish color/grayish tint
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? If you have performed this test, indicate how much of the object would have been covered by the match head.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the object itself. Also indicate any wings, protrusions, etc., and especially include trails or attachments, if any, as you saw them. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was moving, if applicable.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document as part of Project Blue Book.

OUTPUT OF OCR:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 600 yrds.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 300 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. Other (type) _____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other __________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. South c. East d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses YES NO
b. Sun glasses YES NO
c. Windshield YES NO
d. Window glass YES NO
e. Binoculars YES NO
f. Telescope YES NO
g. Other ____________ YES NO

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one.
It was a bright or luminous object, disk like in appearance.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a sketch and text. The sketch shows an illustration of a horizon with markings indicating the elevation and direction of an observed object relative to the observer.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line where the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the scale where you last saw the object.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date & dates and location.
Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? May 22, 1966 Oaklawn, Illinois

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name, First Name Middle
ADDRESS: Street, Oaklawn City, Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Age 16 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which may be pertinent.
For some minutes I observed something for more than 10 minutes.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
May 22, 1966

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the 1966-08-8725948-Oaklawn-Illinois.pdf11.txt file.

The text in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3/26 66

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
I noticed effect the growth pattern of a straight down following a definite but at fast  it seemed have and as a normal shot. The height appeared and stop and 3 times per minutes complete report me were on nothing.did that other, as it was appare was watched to get out he best to describe of a fantasaie shape.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TO HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPORT O/T:       TDET/UFO
SUBJECT:         UFO Observation, 2 August 1966
TO:              Mr. [redacted]
                 Oak Lawn, Illinois 60459

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you submitted is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached ATIC Form 164 and return it to this office. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 12 -

