PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE/TIME GROUP
6 Dec 66

2. LOCATION
Holly Hill, Florida                Multiple

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10-15 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Not Stated

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
□ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
□ No

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Form 164 sent over 30 days, and not returned as of this date. If form is returned, sighting will be evaluated.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated object split up, changed colors and hovered. Object appeared white at first, then suddenly it started to change colors. Object was almost perfectly disc shaped. Changed area to fall in zone above the horizon and out of sight.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?     Yes. It speeded out of sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: it moved behind Hansard's Service Center.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:    it moved in front of Hansard's Service Center.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound     No sound at all.
b. Color     First it appeared white, then changed colors to red & blue then white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?     ONLY A FRACTIONAL PART OF THE OBJECT.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(EXPLODED INTO DIFFERENT DIRECTIONS)
[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with arrows pointing in multiple directions, labeled with "DOME" and "BOTTOM"]


- page 2 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ____________
e. At sea
f. Other ____________

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One):
a. North                 d. East                 g. South
b. Northeast            e. Southeast            h. Southwest
c. Northwest            f. West

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes   No     e. Binoculars          Yes   No
b. Sun glasses          Yes   No     f. Telescope           Yes   No
c. Windshield           Yes   No     g. Theodolite          Yes   No
d. Window glass         Yes   No     h. Other ____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
It looked like a rocket exploding or a meteor.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

OBJECT WAS MOVING
TOO FAST TO RECORD
ANY OF THIS PORTION OF REPORT.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? SIX.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document includes two hand-drawn diagrams: one showing a curved line with angle measurements and a compass rose, and another showing the arrangement and movement of six objects.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Addresses redacted, but locations listed as: Holly Hill, Florida, Ormond Beach, Florida]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Name redacted]
ADDRESS: Holly Hill, City, Florida
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]    AGE: 15    SEX: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I believe that there are U. F. O.'s and life on other planets.
I AM ALSO AN AMATEUR UFO RESEARCHER AND ENTHUSIAST.
(YOU MAY IF USE MY NAME, IF IT IS NECESSARY.)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
7    December    1966
Day    Month    Year
[Location noted as] Holly Hill, Florida 32017


- page 5 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    16   JUNE   1967
                                                    Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Two other people on the other side of town also saw it.


- page 6 -

UNCLASSIFIED COPY

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFTC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 6 Dec 66

TO: Holly Hill, Florida 32017

26 April 1967

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 7 -

April 19, 1967
32017

Project Bluebook
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Gentlemen:

I am sending you a UFO sighting myself and four of my friends have seen. I hope you will analyze and return your findings. If you want further information please do not hesitate to call or write.

Enclosed is a newspaper clipping which is concerned also on the same UFO. Please return the clipping.

Thank you

P.S. I am only fourteen years old. Also please send me information on UFO's.

(Send 164 to)


- page 8 -

"UFO SIGHTING REPORT"

1. Date of observation: December 6, 1966
2. Location of observers: along highway US #1 in Holly Hill, Florida
3. Duration of observation: 10 to 15 minutes
4. Condition of sky: Clear and bright
5. Number of stars and state of moon: many stars and bright moon
6. S.F.O. compare brightness with known objects: bright as stars and moon (that night)
7. Behavior of object(s):
   H(the object) split up, charged
   color and moved.
8. Did you observe the object through anything?
   NO
9. Was there any wind?
   NO
10. Please describe. Sound, color
    There was no sound. The object
    appeared white at first, then suddenly
    it started to change colors.
11. Describe outline:
    It was almost a perfectly outlined
    disc
12. Did the object rise or fall evident in motion?
    Tell, then rose


- page 9 -

13. Apparent size of object held at arm's length:
    Fifty-cent piece held on edge

14. How did the object disappear from view?
    It went above the horizon and out of sight

15. How did you happen to notice the object?
    We were discussing UFO's and
    life on other planets (after a scout
    meeting) when [redacted] noticed the object

16. Estimated distance of the object:
    UNKNOWN

17. Compare speed with jet at same
    distance:
    UNKNOWN

18. What were you doing at the time?
    We were waiting for a
    ride alone from a scout (Boy)
    meeting; we were also talking
    about UFO's when we saw it

19. WITNESSES:
    age 14
    age 14
    age 14
    age 13
    age 13


- page 10 -

Daytona
Biloxi News
Dec. 8, 1966


- page 11 -

Two Report
Seeing UFOs
Two persons reported seein
unidentified flying objects over
the Daytona Beach Area Tues-
day night.

Walter Woodruff said he and
his 14, reported spotting a UFO
at about 9:15 p.m.

"We were sitting in our living
room watching television when
we first noticed a large object
coming toward our window,"
said Woodruff.

Woodruff said he and his son
watched the hexagonal shaped
object for about five minutes
at remained stationary about
a quarter mile from their home
at 10 S. Peninsula Drive. He
said it was hovering and made
an abrupt turn as it went over the
east, and continued over the
ocean. They observed colors,
lit with blue, green, red and
yellow lights for about 20
minutes, he said.

Mrs. Elgin Drive, 1612 U P O
reported spotting a UFO between 10:30 and 11, while on
the beach near Granada Ave. in Ormond
Beach. The round object had
a small square base beneath
and no lights, she said. "It was
the reflection of something from
the base" that made it visible, she said.

The UFO was about 150 feet
over his head, moving from east
to west at a slow speed, according to Pruitt.


- page 12 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
6     12     1966
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 9:00
Hour         Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is blacked out]
Holly Hill                 Florida
City or Town               State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0     15     0
Hours  Minutes  Seconds

(Circle One): a. Certain
             b. Fairly certain
             c. Not very sure
             d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? estimated time
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 13 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter (At-Time)
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
It looked like a neon light as it got brighter and dimmer.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank lines]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 14 -

