There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book record document. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE / TIME GROUP
25 August 66 2300/0427
2. LOCATION 
Troy, Ohio (2 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE
Civilian
10. CONCLUSION 
ARMY (COIN)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers noted orange disc shaped objects that appeared to come out of a cloud. The objects were visible outside the clouds for a supposed period. Objects moved behind a nearby cloud and then rolled back behind this cloud.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document or report, containing handwritten text.

Contract was made with Mrs. concerning an observation of an unusual phenomena. 2 objects of this nature were visible for heliand mates an object cone had a mottle surface and went in a southwesterly direction at a rather rapid rate of speed. A bystander said she will not use in the moon which she is setting of about 2200.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

A faithful transcription of the text in the document is as follows:

A mentally -
What exactly air litter
good to see -- I chance
The black and the smoke
disappear left and a cloud
A lew friend who is, 
especially if the tent.
All result in repetition
And give a decent interage
which might explain why
the real two effects -
movement of the cloud
as a bellowing effect might
cause the effect (vision) to
appear to roll in a circle 
the cloud - may contact

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an old document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a report form for UFO sightings. 

Transcription of the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Fewer
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Partly obscured
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDY (Circle One): a. Clear b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Opaque d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): 
a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: The light was as bright as a 150 watt bulb.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Other: the object seemed to be angular and metallic.

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No 
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document, specifically a questionnaire for reporting unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. If your name will not be used in connection with any information or statement, please indicate that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 
2. Time of day: 
3. Time Zone:
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5.1 How certain was this determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? 
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

- page 5 -

The image contains a photograph that appears to be a diagram or sketch drawn by the observer. The diagram shows the movement and trajectory of the observed object, with annotations describing its appearance and behavior.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES, DISAPPEARED TO MY LINE OF SIGHT.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes / No / Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what. YES, TO SOME EXTENT BEHIND CIRRUS CLOUDS.
16. Did the object move in front of or behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes / No / Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what. YES, APPEARED TO MOVE FROM BEHIND CIRRUS CLOUDS.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - SILENT b. Color - BRILLIANT RED TO ORANGE GOLD.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? ABOUT 1/3.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
DESCRIPTION OF TRAIL: WEST TO EAST TRAIL APPEARED, EAST TO WEST TRAIL APPEARED.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and the respondent's handwritten answers.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 50-60 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? about 3 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
f. Other _________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _________________

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North
b. Northeast 
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 35-40 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One)
a. Binoculars Yes (No) 
b. Sun glasses Yes (No)
c. Windshield (Yes) No
d. Window glass Yes (No) 
e. Telescope (Yes) No
f. Theodolite (Yes) No
g. Other _________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common sense description of the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

these lights were lights that were in line but in different arrangement,with no sounds.moving from nw to se at a high rate of speed maybe 50 to 60 mph. they were seen from the ground level of my car.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location. NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES - NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses: XXXXXXX, Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: XXXXX XXXXX 
ADDRESS: XXXXX CITY, OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER: XXXXX
AGE: 30 SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. I HAVE HAD A RADIO EXPERIENCE WHILE DRIVING ON HIGHWAY, SUDDEN TRANSMISSION CUT-OUT AND SOME UNUSUAL OCCURRENCES WHILE INVESTIGATION UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 25 AUGUST 1966 COLUMBUS, OHIO USAF PERSONNEL

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5 - 8 - 66
Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

This sighting seem one of interest to me in that it was one of a duration of some 16-20 minutes. The sighting was of a disc-like object which was metallic in appearance and giving off what appeared to be a brilliant blue-white light. This light remained constant during the viewing period. The size of this object estimate to be approximately 40-50 feet in diameter. It was not only observed by myself but by three other persons also. The object maintained a course from west to east at an estimated altitude of 500 to 1000 feet. It did not make any sound at all. Once over the scene of the sighting it appeared to make an erratic movement, coming to a brief stop and then continuing on its course. There was no exhaust or trail of any kind associated with this object. The sighting was in clear weather with no cloud cover. Once out of sight the object did not reappear. I believe this was an unusual and interesting sighting and would appreciate any comments or suggestions you may have concerning this incident.

COVER

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing handwritten text.

A unidentified approach any unusual, space several from with this characteristic night flight, seen.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Conversation with Laura, Ohio on 25 August 1966
Something weird came from the East last night at 11:55 pm. Between Troy and West Milton, left a contrail and left a cloud formation. Out of this came a disc shaped object, on its side, came 3 out of cloud and watched it for eight minutes. Then a little cloud appeared and out of the front side came the orange and then all the clouds formed into one. Proceeded home and these clouds were breaking up. Thought it was approximately 5000 ft alt. His wife called his attention to it, looked like a ball, thought may be it was a aircraft breaking up. It would come and go. There was a large cloud coverage, it entered the atmosphere on 152 deg angle to the left, entered west. This thing was traveling from east to west. Came out from a cloud and then went back into a cloud. Called the Sheriff about it, don't know if he had any other reports. This cloud formation went into one main cloud and then broke up. Mr. Beck said he would be willing to fill out a form and would make a sketch of what he observed. Form 164 sent to him on 25 Aug 66.

- page 11 -

