PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 21 Mar 66 22/C030Z

2. LOCATION: Cambridge, PA.

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: ?

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: West

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: AIRCRAFT

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Two peculiar lights came out of the east traveling west and disappeared in the southwest. During the time of the sighting the observer heard a steady humming sound. Lights were bright red in color at first. Then the object looked like three sections one red, one white, and one green.

2 Witnesses

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

March 28, 1966

United States Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Re: U. F. O.'s

Gentlemen:

I don't know exactly to whom this letter should be addressed but perhaps it will be given to the correct individual. I don't ordinarily write to anyone concerning such a subject so you can see why I am uncertain about where to write.

You no doubt receive countless letters concerning sightings of "Unidentified Flying Objects", with many of the sightings explainable. I have always said of such things, "rather I see one, I'll believe it." Well, I would still like to see an actual "Flying Saucer", though I am convinced that there are some sort of flying objects which do not fit the pattern of things, as known to the every-day person any way.

Last year, a mother and her daughter, miles from here, saw what was described as a flying saucer while driving home. Another lady who does cleaning work at Alliance College (where I am cashier-accountant) has seen saucers numerous times, in approximately the same area each time.

Now, even though I cannot say I have seen any actual saucers or even any defined shapes of objects, I have seen some strange lights that is not fit the pattern of any planes, helicopters, etc. that I have knowledge of. On March 21, 1966 from about 7:30 P.M. until 8:30 P.M., my two daughters and I watched two peculiar lights which came out of the east, traveled west and then disappeared in a southwesterly direction. During the time of sighting we could hear a steady humming sound, which did not seem to increase or decrease in pitch.

When I first saw the objects, they were bright red and as they traveled they changed from red to red and white, to white, to a sort of green and back to red again - not blinking lights but slowly changing lights. The only way I can explain it is if it were a round object with possibly three sections - one red,

4 / 1


- page 2 -

one white and one green - and so it turned out would see
the serious colors.
Two Alliance College students also reported seeing the lights;
a local business man also saw them at approximately the
same time from an area about one mile from where I
saw them; and a number of Edinboro College students in
a small town six or seven miles from my home also saw
these same lights on this same date.
Perhaps these reports have no value but I feel there is
always the chance that they may be important and should at least
be noted.
If I can be of any service in contacting any of these
people, please call on me at any time.

Very truly yours,

Cambridge Springs, Pa.
Home phone: Any day after 4:30 P.M.
Alliance College Office: 3:30 to 4:30 P.M.
Monday thru Friday


- page 3 -

