PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 7 Oct 66 0710Z
2. LOCATION: GREENVILLE, OHIO
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 hr
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: ground visual (BX)
7. COURSE: SE (Stationary)
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: ASTRO (SIRIUS) (Very Prob JAH)

Sirius was on an az of 125 deg and at an elev of 16 deg

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer noted very bright yellow light that was much closer than any light in the sky. At times it would emit colored lights. The object did not disappear while the witness was viewing it.

Description is consistent with that of an astronomical observation.

FORM: FTD SEP 43 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Not accurately - Much closer then anything else in sky

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South         g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ________miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     No    No
c. Windshield      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No

e. Binoculars      Yes   No
f. Telescope       Yes   No
g. Theodolite      Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

See attached report


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
17     CL     66
Day    Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The rest of the page is blank.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Dr. Greenville, Ohio
Greenville Police Dept.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS   Dr. Greenville   43331   Ohio
             Street           City     Zone   State

TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE   36   SEX   M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I am a lawyer. I was an Air Force man that 95% AO. I served at Recant Survey Officer of USAF trained in log a burst of center of 15-year registration of instruments. I am familiar with the earth's rotation & its effect on space. I stay up a time almost fish at nite on area of two miles a week 3 times a year. I never saw what it was "it" before. I was very of reporting it because I knew what I was in for. I eliminate every logical & logical thing I could think of before I called the Police. I called them because I am safely, direct & know they were up of area. My brother & they said what I saw & many people. Once I was told to meet things. They said but were afraid to report. Also I kept the ringing - its sure F.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
7   October   66   City Police Weyl


- page 4 -

28 Oct. 66

Observer called back stating that he got up the next morning and saw Sirius as Dr. Hynek had asked him to. The observer said that this star looked like the object he had seen on 7 Oct.66.

Dr. Heynek had explained how the star has been misidentified as an alleged UFO on several occasions. Dr. Hynek talked to the witness on the preceding morning and asked the witness to get up the next morning and compare his sighting with Sirius which was rising in the morning at about0100.


- page 5 -

FTD (TDENR)14
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
7 October 1966

Greeneville, Ohio 45331

Dear Mr.

Reference your observation on 7 October 1966, of an unidentified flying object. The Dayton Daily News called our office and stated that your report was made to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. We have contacted the See Operations and the Base Command Post, and have been unable to locate who accepted your report. Request you complete the enclosed FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 6 -

LAW OFFICES OF
GREENVILLE, OHIO

October 21, 1966

Supplemental Report to FTD Form 164
October, 1966

Submitted by [redacted]

In Re to Item 10: I observed this object first as a very brilliant yellow light that was much closer than any light in the sky. At times it would emit colored lights, to wit: pinkish-red and a bluish-green. I best describe it as comparing it to the beacon ray on top of a police cruiser. Observing the object through 8/40 binoculars, it occurred to be a very beautiful, brilliant blue-white light. I would compare this light and its intensity to that which is emitted by a very large diamond hit by a spotlight at night. I make this comparison from fishing at night with a jeweler who wears such a ring which is occasionally hit by a spotlight.

In Re to Item 11: I used the binoculars on the moon and the stars, that I could see in the sky, and then would go back to the object. When Lieutenant Williamson set up the astrologer's telescope, he focused it on the moon and then would place it on the object. At all times through the large telescope, it appeared to be a brilliant blue-white, but more white then blue.

In Re to Item 12: In the large telescope, the object appeared as sketched in Item 19. Lieutenant Williamson kept checking the focus of the telescope on the moon and on the stars. It appeared as a perfect circle and in the large telescope was quite large.

In Re to Item 13 b: I answered this with a modified Yes. The object appeared to come closer to the earth in a motion that I can best describe as comparable to a weighted parachute coming down in a moderate wind. This comparison is based on my experience in the army. I also lined up the object with a telephone pole and myself so that we were all a straight line. The object went to the left of the pole and to the right of the pole and traveled up and down. I would point out that this particular night was extremely clear and crisp. The Milky Way was prominent and quite obvious--visibility unlimited.


- page 7 -

I have also been amazed at the number of people who have described to me, occurrences which they saw and hesitated in reporting. These people are respected members of our community and they couldn't believe their own eyes. Very frankly I am bugged because I cannot come up with an answer that is logical and eliminates the outer space bit.

I realize that this is quite rambling, but these are the impressions which the experience left me with. I also wished to explain to you the basis (lacking of anything else to call it) of my observations.

Respectfully yours,

[Signature is blacked out]

- 3 -


- page 8 -

In Re to Item 15:  Refer to comments on Item 11.

In Re to Item 17:  Refer to comments on Items 11 & 12.

In Re to Item 18:  Had I known of this test I would have performed the same.  However, I have tried to experiment now and find that I cannot, with any accuracy, recall the size of the object.  I can only say that to my naked eye and to my depth perception the object was much closer then anything else in the sky.

In Re to Item 19:  At all times, the object appeared to be a perfect circle.  On its outside perimeter, however, as the four of us took turns looking through the telescope, I saw four distinct things.  One, it appeared to be like a Model A steering wheel, the outside perimeter was a blue-white halo.  Secondly, it appeared to be a series of concentric circles.  Third, a halo with the interior of the halo like a mist.  Fourth, there appeared to be slots in its interior within the outside halo.  I saw no wing vapor trails, etc.

In Re to Items 22 & 23:  I reside in a house that is on the North corporation line of Greenville.  There are no street lights in the vicinity and immediately to the North is a 40 acre soybean field.  The object was first observed from the bedroom window and then we went to the front yard so we could better see it.

In Re to Item 28:  I have described here the sensation of movement that I perceived.  I do not think I could draw it with greater description.

Completing the questionnaire, I can say only that this was a most unusual experience.  I had reservations about reporting it.  My training as an attorney has given me what is a very logical orderly mind rejecting that which is not proven in fact.  This sighting has caused me problems in that some of what I saw I can explain by logic.  But the rest, like the movement, I can't.  I contacted Attorney Walter Rhynard, who admitted amateur astronomer.  He addressed me that was I was and and that I would see the same thing the following night.  At 2:10 on October 8, 1966, it wasn't there.  This thing is bothering me further, due to the fact that some ten years ago I was an artillery man.  I was trained and experienced in the use of observing at night with optical assistance.  I have shot a number of high burst registrations and center of impact registration.  I've shot a lot of artillery shells at all times of the day.  I used to be a fair hand with binoculars and other instruments used in artillery.  This is something you don't forget entirely and I know that the focusing of the binoculars was done accurately.  I also fish quite a bit at night in the period from April to the first of November.  I observe the sky at that time and I have never seen anything that compares with this.  This bothers me.

- 2 -


- page 9 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
October 7, 1966
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 02 10
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
Hour    Minutes

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted] RAILWAY DRIVE, Greenville, Ohio    Darke County
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
1    Hours    Minutes    Seconds
(Circle One):    a. Certain
b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? by looking at my watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY    NIGHT
a. Bright    a. Bright
b. Cloudy    b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FTD FORM    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.
OCT 62 164


- page 10 -

The text I can read is partially illegible, but appears to include:

3 Flying o [rest of first line illegible]
Follow day [partially illegible]
then [partially illegible]
< 11 [partially illegible]

There is a vertical black elongated shape/object in the center of the document, which appears to be a dark silhouette or marking.

Most of the document appears to be a white/blank page with some faint text and markings.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
See attached report

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other See attached report

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Nothing
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
NB
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No, at 3:30 am I
went to bed, it was still there.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: BUT - I lined it up a telephone pole, so "it" moved up a straight line, "it" moved up down & also to right to left of pole.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound none
b. Color see report attached

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? How do you remember it? Big enough piece of the match head of a half arm's length closer, then anything in the sky. It was quite close to the naked eye. (see report attached)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The document includes 5 hand-drawn circular/geometric shapes labeled 1-5]


- page 13 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 14 -

