There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. I will now proceed to act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and output all the text found in the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 22-30 MAY 65
2. LOCATION: Columbus & Hilliard, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 - 2 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
7. COURSE: NE (compass)
8. PHOTOS: O Yes
    D No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: O Yes
    D No
FORM
FID SEP 63 0-327 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (Meteor) Ygbft
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: In both sightings description of meteor is apparent. The time factor in one case is in excess of a normal meteor sighting; however, in both cases the time was just a guess. There was a reported meteor on these two nights.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire regarding the sighting of an unidentified object. The document contains various questions and options for the respondent to fill out, but no actual photograph or image of the observed object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
Day __ Month __ Year __
2. Time of day: __ Hour __ Minutes
(Circle One): a. A.M. or b. P.M.
3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address ______________ City or Town ______________ State or County ______________
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours __ Minutes __ Seconds __
(Circle One): a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was the time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes __ No __
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Clear b. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Bright b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FORM FTD OCT 63 164. This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire or survey form.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?*
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): 
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Move slowly at first and then speed up? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions for the witness to answer.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. 
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, consisting of a series of questions and answer choices.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 6.0 mi

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In open countryside?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?, g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglassas Yes No, b. Sun glasses Yes No, c. Windshield Yes No, d. Window glass Yes No, e. Binoculars Yes No, f. Telescope Yes No, g. Theodolite Yes No, h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing instructions and diagrams related to the observation of unidentified flying objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED] AGE SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day 3 Month 5 Year 66

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text.

1. WEATHER: 29/1900 EST
   SM  33'10 
   10 M  28'55
   15 M  28'55
   20 M  27'65
   30 M  26'70
   40 M  26'35
   50 M  26'35

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report that only has text and no visual elements.

CONTENTS OF PROJECTI:~'G OF JETAIL

The description and time of sight.ting coincides with a bright metecrwhich was seen in the Columbus, Loc-/Ibourne AFB area.

JAMES A. BALLSMITH
JAMES A BALLSMITH
Capt., USAF

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire form used to gather details about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

Text extracted from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, reports, or publications without your permission, so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 31 DAYMAY 1966YEAR
2. Time of day: HOUR 1130 MINUTES 0 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Daylight Saving c. Central d. Mountain e. Pacific f. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [REDACTED] CITY OR TOWN [REDACTED] STATE OR COUNTY
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) HOURS 1 MINUTES 0 SECONDS 0 a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY Bright NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy c. Clear
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left e. To your right f. Don't remember

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions and multiple-choice answers related to the sighting of a UFO or unidentified object.

The text from the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight  
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: ______________________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Other _____________________
d. Sharply outlined
e. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?      Yes  No  Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes  No  Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?               Yes  No  Don't know
d. Give off smoke or trail of smoke?              Yes  No  Don't know
e. Change brightness?                          Yes  No  Don't know
f. Change shape?                                Yes  No  Don't know
g. Flash or flicker?                             Yes  No  Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?                      Yes  No  Don't know

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text and a simple drawing. The text appears to be part of a questionnaire or form related to a UFO sighting. The drawing shows an arrow pointing to a circular or rounded shape, representing the object that was observed.

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Down and out

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    No    Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Arrow ⇩ Round

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document with various instructions and diagrams related to UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was observed (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text in the form of a questionnaire from Project Blue Book. I will now act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 28 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
NONE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day     Month    Year

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text and numerical data.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: ____ Day ____ Month ____ Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

1. WEATHER: CMH 2100E 70D15 0704  
2300E 3000 15 0000  
2300E 3000/15 0000  
0000 E 3000/15 0000

2. WINDS: 30/1900 EST  
5M 34/15  
10M 30/30  
15M 28/35  
20M 27/45  
30M 2760  
40M 28/45  
50M 2630

- page 16 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed page from a document, with the title "OBJECTS OF PREPARING OFFICIAL" at the top.

OBJECTS OF PREPARING OFFICIAL
The observation and size of an unspecified object coincides with a bright meteor which was seen in the Columbus, Lockbourne A.F.B. area.
James A. Bellsmith
Capt., USAF

- page 17 -

