The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, specifically case 10073, which details an incident that occurred on October 14, 1966 in Sidney, Nebraska. The record provides details about the sighting, including the number of witnesses, the description of the object observed, and the conclusions drawn from the analysis of the incident.

The text output from this image is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
14 October 66 15/0522z

2. LOCATION 
Sidney, Nebraska (3 Witnesses)

3. SOURCE
MILITARY

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
One Hour Plus

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual (RX)

7. COURSE
Various

8. PHOTOS
None

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes

10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT
There was a small aircraft in a holding pattern over Sidney that was responsible for the sighting.

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched a round shaped object that had red lights flashing on and off. It had no exhaust, trail, or sound. The object was seen from about from about 0525 to 0700. It was last seen between the Little Dipper and the North Star.
Conversation with Capt Dorweiler of the 9092 SW, Warren AFB, Wyoming, revealed that a small aircraft had been in the area at the time of the incident. He confirmed that the sighting was of this aircraft.

FTD FORM SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form are to be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TDETR/MAJ QUINTANILLA, SR/70916/MI/18 OCT 66
UFO Sightings
809TH COMBAT SUPPORT GROUP (SAC)
1. Information received from the FTD Duty Officer indicates that there was an unidentified observation at our base during the period 19-10 October 1966. This information had been relayed to the SAC. Witnesses were interviewed by the FTD Duty Officer. The report was not submitted in accordance with AFR 80-17, Witnesses were listed.
2. Request you investigate the above sighting in accordance with AFR 80-17 and submit your report in written form to this office. 
3. In the future, please report your unidentified observations as outlined in AFR 80-17 and do not call the FTD Duty Officer unless there is indication of threat to the security of the United States.
FOR THE COMMANDER
Signed: KENNETH B. OSBORN, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology & Subsystems
COORDINATION
COORDINATION: PETER M. CUMMINGS, JR DATED 18 OCT 66
RECEIVED BY: R. WARDEN DATED 18 OCT 66

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing instructions and diagrams for a reporting observer.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS U name A  13 City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

507 CDSD French forge

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 4 -

The given image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten report or document describing a UFO sighting.

The text in the document reads:

UFO SIGHTING #2

The UFO was round in shape and the size of a quarter, when held at arms length. It had red lights flashing to green (the upper and lower lights alternating). It was hovering and was soundless.

It was seen from 0535? to 0710? at an apparent altitude of 2-3000 feet. It was oval in shape and was about the size of the Little Dipper and the North Star. Observers were two adults (Sidney, Nebr.).

The object was clear with visibility of 15 miles.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text.

Col CEVA
6/16/63
DXI - CAPT CHARRES 
331-45799

Record is shape similar round
9/2 miles - about 60 ft in diameter
flashing lights opposite of normal 
at ground control incident
from CBS ground 
$2,000 

est 05267

Ground measurment 
Juliet Leslie, Neb. 

Wx - clear all via thirila
Spotted
to 10,000 ft. at a rapid movement

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

OCR output:

06258
15 ft Alt
Heading Left
From East
From aircraft
up & down
moved - no light 
From aircraft
Contacted Mr. Emory Milward & 
MR. SCOTT. TOWED 4500 ft 
15° Azimuth 3 nights in 1956-1957
Closer to upper atm. light 
white reg. rfdway. reached
time.
Unusual & unaccountable slight
revolve around object - large
than normal. Affects generally
in hovering point but more
vertical. Density mind when
object went still & hover
 Cover Hold accident ( 25?
 )

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document page from an old Project Blue Book report, specifically a conversation with Captain Dersheimer about a UFO sighting near Sidney, Nebraska on October 25, 1966. The text describes the captain's account that a small aircraft was responsible for the sighting and that the people in the area needed instruction on identification of objects.

25 Oct. 66
Conversation with Capt. Dersheimer(90th SMW, Warren AFB, Wyoming)
Revealed that investigation has revealed at the conclusion that a small aircraft was responsible for the sighting. He said that he had evidence that there was a small aircraft in a long holding pattern over Sidney, Nebraska which was airborne at the time of the sighting. He said that the airman out in that area on night patrols are seeing all kinds of lights. They need some instruction in the area of identification of objects.

- page 8 -

