PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 1 May 66 C2/0240Z

2. LOCATION: Holly, Michigan

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: unknown

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: unknown

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: unknown

7. COURSE: unknown

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Case: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Photo: LOST BEFORE ANALYSIS

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer sighted an object similar to a falling star. He then got into his car and drove to a spot about 2 miles from where he first spotted it. The object seemed to be approaching the observer at about 15 degrees. The object had about 4 red lights, rainbowed with lights of several different colors. These went off and a large red light came on. At tree-top level this light went off and the dark shape of the object could be seen. After about 2 minutes the object glowed with a white hot glow. The observer said the object looked like a World War I helmet on a plate.

Comments: The case was not submitted until after 3 months after the sighting and was too late to be investigated. The photo was lost before analysis could be performed.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Project Blue Look
Information Office
SAFOI
Washington, D.C. 60330

May 13, 1966

Gentlemen:

On May 1, 1966, at approximately 10 P.M., I observed an object. This object appeared to have 4 lights on it. These lights went out and at the same time a large red light came on. This light seem to come from inside as seen through a porthole. Around this light was a bluish-green halo. This light stayed on around a minute or two. When this light started fading the object began to glow. There was still a dull metal look about the object. At this time the object was from 60-70 feet in front of me and about 30 feet up. I snapped a picture at this time and I have the picture of the complete outline of this object.

If you are interested in the picture and more details have someone contact me. I will be willing to give any information I have.

Sincerely,
Holly, Mich. 48442

Handwritten note at bottom: Send 164 and negative request of object


- page 2 -

See Letter


- page 3 -

TDEV/UFO vPAA                                                   15 May 1967

UFO Photograph, 1 May 1966

Dr. J. Allen Hynek

Reference the 1 May 1965 sighting at Holly, Michigan by [redacted] and subsequent photograph. Mr. [redacted] has requested the return of the photograph which you forwarded to show University experts. Therefore, request you return this photograph to our office so that we may in turn send it to Mr. Todd.

Sincerely,

WILLIAM F. MARLEY, 1st Lt, USAF
Asst Chief, Project Blue Book

Handwritten note at bottom:
Dr Hynek says he returned it.
[Additional handwritten text partially illegible]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

DRAFT

FROM: [redacted]
Holly, Michigan 48442

On May 1, 1966 at 9:40 P. M., I spotted an object high in the sky. At first it looked like a falling star. I was looking through a telescope at the time. The object was moving so fast I couldn't keep it in view with the telescope so I switched to binoculars.

It was coming down at an angle and when it had come quite a distance it showed down considerably. The way the lights of the object looked at this time I was afraid I might be seeing an optical illusion because of the glass in the binoculars. I removed the binoculars and could still see the same thing with the naked eye. I got in my car and followed the object to get as close at a 1 second. For about 2-3 minutes, during my following it, I last sight of it due to trees and building. About 2 miles from where I first spotted it the object was very close and seemed to be coming directly toward me at a 45 degree angle. I stopped the car and got out. I took my camera from the car. There were red lights and I continued with lights of several different colors. These 4 lights went off and a large red light came on in the center. The light gave off white rays and obliterated the shape of the object. Then the light went off and there was only the dark shape of the object. The object was down to the treetops and I saw what I thought were dead tree limbs to the side and behind the object. At no time did I think these were antennas. After about 2 minutes the object glowed with a white hot glow. At this time I was looking at the object through the viewer of a Polaroid camera. I could see the entire image of the object. At about the same instant the camera the object moved upward. That could account for the top not being an the picture. Another possibility is that I moved the camera slightly when I snapped it. The line across was made when the picture was pulled from the camera. There should be an electrical wire across at the same place for I could see one when I snapped the picture. This is now I estimated the height of the object. I estimated the object to be about 40 ft. wide, 20 ft. tall and from 75 to 100 away from me. It was about 30 ft. from the ground. I know the size of the object would not be this exact size if the distance from me was closer. When you are finished with the picture I would like it on a plate. I am sending you the picture and the negative of the object. When you are finished with the picture I would like it returned to me. Since any publicity on this nature would hurt me at this time please do not publicize may name. I am a job better for Chev. engine. I am a major in the Tri-County Composite Group 6318, Civil Air Patrol. My duties are Finance Officer of this group.


- page 5 -

On May 1, 1966 at 9:40 p.m. I spotted an object high in the sky. At first it looked like a falling star. I was looking through a telescope at the time. The object was moving so fast I couldn't keep it in view while the telescope so I switched to binoculars. It was coming down at an angle and when it had come quite a distance it slowed down considerably. The way the lights of the object looked at this time I was afraid I might be seeing an optical illusion because of the glare in the binoculars. I removed the binoculars and could still see the same thing with the naked eye. I got in my car and followed the object to get as close to it as I could. For about 2-3 minutes, during my following it, I lost sight of it due to trees and buildings. About


- page 6 -

2 miles from where I first spotted it
the object was very close and seem
to be coming directly toward me at
a 45° angle. I stopped the car and
got out. I took my camera from
the car. There were 4 red lights
rainbowed with lights of several
different colors. These 6 lights went
off and a large red light came on
in the center. The light gave off white
rays and outlined the shape of the
object. Then the light went off and
there was only the dark shape of the
object. The object was down to the
treetops and I saw what I thought
were dead tree limbs to the side
and behind the object. At no time
did I think these were antennae.
After about 2 minutes the object
gleamed with a white heat glow.
at this time I was looking at the


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

object through the viewer of a Polaroid camera. I could see the entire image of the object at about the same instant. I snapped the camera the object moved upward. That could account for the top not being in the picture. Another possibility is that I moved the camera slightly when I snapped it. The line across was made below the picture was pulled from the camera. There should be an electrical wire across at the same place for I could see one when I snapped the picture. This is how I estimate the height of the object.

I estimated the object to be about 40 ft. wide, 20 ft. tall and from 75 to 100 away from me. It was about 32 ft. from the ground. I know the size of the object would not be this exact size of the distance from


- page 8 -

me was closer or farther. The only thing I can think of to describe the shape of the object is a world- war one helmet sitting on a plate. I am sending you the picture and the negative of the object I took. After you are finished with the picture I would like it returned to me. Since my publicity age this nature would hurt me at this time please do not publish my name. I am a job setter for Chem engine. I am a major in the Tw- County Composite Brang 6319, Civil air Patrol. My duties are Finance Officer of this group.

Holly, Mich.
48462


- page 9 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
1 May 66 02/0300Z

2. LOCATION
Holly, Michigan
(1 witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
FTD Form 164 sent to witness, however, not returned after 30
days. Will re-evaluate if form is received.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observed object with 4 lights on it. Lights went out and at
same time a large red light came on. Lights seemed to come from
inside as seen through a porthole. Around light was a bluish-
green halo. Light stayed on for a minute or two. When light
started fading object began to glow. There was a dull metal
look about the object. At this time the object was from
60-70 ft in front of witness and about 30 ft up. Witness
took photographs of object.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
unk

8. PHOTOS
☒ Yes   A(NOT RECEIVED)
☐ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

HOLLY, MICH.   1 MAY 66

PTD (TDEN)
wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
24 May 1966

Holly, Michigan 48442

Dear [redacted]

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 1 May 1966. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Your letter indicated that photos of the object would be made available to the Air Force for investigative purposes. We would appreciate your forwarding the original negatives to our office. Upon completion of analysis we will return the negatives, two prints and a copy of the photo analysis.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 11 -

