The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is part of a historical government investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 5 April 66  06/0215Z
2. LOCATION: Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (1 Witness) 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 Minute
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: AIRCRAFT
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object appeared to be stationary about 500 ft above the ground. It had three distinct lights, red in color and the wing like extensions with a blinking light on the tip of each wing. Shape of the object was oval. Observer was in a moving car. An A/C could appear to hover due to the motion of the car or if the A/C were heading directly towards the observer or directly away. Duration of the sighting was 1 minute. Visual characteristics, lighting and flight path are consistent with an A/C sighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, possibly a Project Blue Book UFO report, with a form that has been filled out. The text on the form indicates that it is question 35, which asks for "Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting."

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 26 April 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book, which was the official United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

PID (DREW) 
MCLAUGHLIN-PETERSON AFB, Ohio 45433 
22 April 1966

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19121

Dear Miss ___, 

Reference your recent observation of 9 April 1966. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for investigation. Request you complete the attached PID Form and return it to the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a report on a UFO sighting.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (AFCIN-XEHB)
REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ROI
SUBJECT: UFO Sightings
TO: Air Force Systems Command
Foreign Technical Division
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

1. In accordance with the provisions of AFR 200-2, the following report on UFO sighting is submitted:

2. On 9 April 1966, Miss Regina McFadden, 1838 W. Upsal Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, reported seeing the object over the Philadelphia International Airport. She said did not resemble a plane. Miss McFadden could not be contacted by side office for further details until the present date. When contacted, she furnished the following information:

Shape: Circular
Size: Larger than the visual image of the sun
Color: Bright orange
Number: One
Motion: No sound or exhaust

The object was observed hovering in a northerly direction. The object was observed at approximately 9:30 pm. The object hovered in sight for approximately 5 minutes. No further details were available from the individual. The address of Miss McFadden is not available.

3. On 12 April Mrs. Robert Curran, 7710 Fayette Street, Cheltenham, Pennsylvania, a northern suburb of Philadelphia, reported observing a circular object at approximately 10:00 PM on the evening of 9 April. Mrs. Curran is a Naval Air Station to Philadelphia International Airport. Mrs. Curran stated that she was familiar with aircraft and felt that the object was not an aircraft. She stated that she was awakened by a pulsating noise and observed the object which seemed to have a red light in the center.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on a UFO sighting.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (AFCIN-ECOPC)
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20330

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ROI

SUBJECT: UFO Sightings

TO: Air Force Systems Command
Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. In accordance with the provisions of AFR 200-2, the following report
on UFO sightings is submitted:

2. At 1930 on 12 April 1966, Miss Regina McFadden, 1838 N. 22nd Street,
Philadelphia, Penna., contacted the Security Office of this installation
and reported an sighting in flight over the North Philadelphia International Airport. Mrs. Curran, whose husband is a flight engineer, also
claims to have observed the object which did not be contacted
by this office for further details until the present date. When contacted, the provided the following information:

Shape - Circular
Size - Larger than the visual image of the sun
Color - Bright orange
Number - One
No radical or exhaust
No sound

3. The object appeared to hover just over the buildings while moving slowly
in a northerly direction, object observed at approximately 1:30 until
(1830 Philadelphia time). Object was maintained in sight for approxi-
mately ten minutes ... no further details are available from the individual:
Contacted. Mrs. Curran reported observing the object at the time of sighting and was accompanied by a sister and brother-in-law.

4. At 0345 hours on 12 April Mrs. Robert Curran, 7710 Fayette Street,
Philadelphia, Penna., a north member of the Philadelphia Report Center,
reported observing a bright orange object in the sky while traveling
direction along the line roughly from Willow Grove Naval Air Station to
Philadelphia International Airport. Mrs. Curran whose husband is a flight 
engineer, stated that the object dropped suddenly in a spotlight just 
was definitely not one. She stated that she was awakened by a very dis-
turbing noise and observed the object which seemed to have a red light in

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed report or document. Acting as an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

front and a white light in back. She stated that the lights seemed to be blinking on and off, that they were bright and clearly visible. She was unable to clearly describe the type of object she saw or noise she heard. This office connected the flight operation of Willow Grove Naval Air Station which time in the vicinity. There are several industrial plants in the Philadelphia area which maintain aircraft, primarily helicopters. There were no further details available.

A Telephone report of this sighting was made to the Foreign Technical Division on 12 April.

FOR THE COMMANDER

KEITH B. HUBBARD, JR.
INFORMATION OFFICER

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed report from the Office of Special Investigation regarding an unidentified flying object sighting on April 5, 1966 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

The text in the report is as follows:

Philadelphia, Pa. 19136

April 6, 1966

Office Of Special Investigation
128 North Broad Street
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Dear Sir:

I understand any sighting of unidentified flying objects is not handled by your office. However, if this is not included by you, please forward the following to the proper department.

On Tuesday evening, April 5, 1966, between 9:10 and 9:15 p.m. EDT, several observers an a point about one quarter mile north of the Girard Avenue, a point about one quarter mile north of the Girard Avenue, there was an object in the sky. Throughout the observed period, it was moving but seemed to stay in the same general area. The movement was not a straight line, but was more of a circular motion, at times increasing and decreasing in speed. It's height was estimated to be about 500 feet above the ground.

This object did not have the appearance of a conventional aircraft. It was silent and there was no navigation lights of any kind visible. The wing span appeared to be as great as that of a Piper Cub but the overall size of the object was larger. It was observed for approximately 4 to 5 minutes and then disappeared abruptly.

The wing span was about that of a Piper Cub but the overall size of the object was larger. It was observed for approximately 4 to 5 minutes and then disappeared abruptly. Gliding out of sight with no trail visible.

Outside of the column view, there was no glow or light emanating from the object. From the bottom view, there was no allow of the object.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a filled-out form with various fields related to a UFO sighting report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 2 April 66 (21.30)
2. LOCATION: Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: Not Reported
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Other (Conflicting Data)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: In one report the duration was 6:30, in the other it was 10 sec. In one report the size was 6:30, in the other it was 5:30.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of UFO reports. 

Text output from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon. That you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We respect this personal information so you may act with confidence.

1. When did you see the object? 9 April 1966

2. Time of day: 7:30 Hour 30 Minute 

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? PHILA Penna

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 105 Seconds  

5.1 How was the time in sight determined? JUST A GUESS 

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No 

6. What was the condition of the sky? 
DAY: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Clear b. Cloudy after sunset

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. To your left e. Don't remember

FTO Form 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text and form fields. 

APPEARED AS LETTER VISIT RAY

The edges of the object were:
Fuzzy or blurred
Like a bright star
Didn't remember
Other: it was angular and larger than a star

The object:
Appeared to stand still at any time: Yes
Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time: Yes
Break up into parts: Yes
Give off smoke: No
Change brightness: Yes
Change shape: Yes
Flash or flicker: Yes
Disappear and reappear: Yes

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text and a form to be filled out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
a. The object seemed to fade away, walking into a cloud. (Circle One)
15. Did the color of the object change while you were watching it? (Circle One)
Yes        No        Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:
16. Did the object move in front of or behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One)
Yes         No        Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: The object had no sound
b. Color: White object, round shape
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the incident, please describe what you saw and give us the details:
When I first saw the object, it appeared to be approximately 100 feet in diameter. It was moving slowly in a southwest direction at an altitude of approximately 3000 feet. The object seemed to fade away as it moved into a cloud.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, tail, color, and especially what trails or vapor trails it may have left.
[A handwritten sketch is shown in the image, depicting a round object moving away and fading into a cloud.]

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES   NO
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES   NO
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2 street blocks

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (types)
d. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES   NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes   (No)
b. Sun glasses  Yes   (No) 
c. Windshield  Yes   (No)
d. Window glass  Yes   (No)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which would appear about the same size and shape as the object which you saw.

Text extracted from document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) YES   NO
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES   NO  
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2 street blocks

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (types)
d. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES   NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes   (No)
b. Sun glasses  Yes   (No)
c. Windshield  Yes   (No)  
d. Window glass  Yes   (No)
e. Binoculars  Yes   (No)
f. Telescope  Yes   (No)
g. Theodolite  Yes   (No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which would appear about the same size and shape as the object which you saw.
THE OBJECT SEMED TO BE HOVERING AND APPROXIMATELY 2 STREET BLOCKS AWAY. I COULD SEE NOTHING SPECIFIC ABOUT IT, JUST A GLOW IN THE SKY LIKJE A STAR. SEEN AS NOTHING TAKEN PHOTO.

- page 12 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing a sketch and text. There is no photograph present in this image, only the sketch and textual information.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture of how the motion or path of the object or objects moved. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

No, not in all my life time.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES - No

31.1 If yes, answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES No

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] PHILA. 21, PENNA.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 24 SEX: FEMALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

My Mother saw a UFO

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

I reported what I had seen to my Mother right away.

- page 14 -

