PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 28-31 October 66 0226Z
2. LOCATION: Washington, D. C. (1 Witness)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 - 5 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Varied
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (METEOR)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer saw on two different occasions a ball shaped object that was visible only for several seconds. One sighting a blue white flame like a torch was observed. On the other sighting, a pure white object was watched that had streamers of brilliant colors trailing it. On both sightings the alleged UFO's were traveling toward the earth.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Gentlemen:

I called-up the Washington Post Newspaper, a few evenings ago, and reported a flying saucer.......

The reporter told me to call y'all, but all I received was a recording (most delightful!.....didn't know it existed!) saying how many objects (mammal) were in the sky, etc.....

Well, anyway.... anyway, here's the scoop...

Enclosed are two diagrams showing the approximation of the location of both saucers (or whatever they were)......

Hope it is helpful!

Thx!


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Flying Saucer

Looked like
a perfectly
round star... but
when a tennis ball
imagine, when held in
front of your eyes!

J.C. Penney

To Woodward & Lothrop


- page 3 -

Key:
X1 - source
Trajectory to
earth leaving
a wide myraid of unknown tract...
held for U.S. capitol fly! - ?

X2 - when & why in car!

Elsewhere some partially legible text that is difficult to fully transcribe.

The document appears to be a hand-drawn diagram or sketch with annotations, seemingly related to some kind of trajectory or movement, with a "Key" section explaining some details about sources and paths.


- page 4 -

Text found in the document:

PC

The Smithsonian
Institution
D.C.

There is a postmark stamp in the top right corner that reads:
WASHINGTON
OCT 27
AM
1966


- page 5 -

SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

October 28, 1966

Mr. [redacted]
Washington, D. C., 20032

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Your recent communication addressed to the
Smithsonian Institution
has been referred for attention to:

Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ind. Br.
Dayton, Ohio 45433

Any further correspondence with regard to this
subject should be sent directly to the address above.

Very truly yours,

/s/
Helena M. Weiss
Registrar

Subject: Unidentified Flying Objects.

Date:   October 27, 1966

SIFL-6
6-52
HMW:lmi   10-28-66


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapour
d. At a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: [handwritten text, partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know are marked for each item]


- page 7 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day: 31 Oct   Month: Oct   Year: 66

2. Time of day: 2:25 2/4 P.M.
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
1955   1966

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern 1966
               b. Central
               c. Mountain 1955
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard
               1955
               1966

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Postal address and location details are partially illegible]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours: [blank]   Minutes: [blank]   Seconds: 5-5

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? [illegible]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY:
a. Bright 1955   c. [illegible]
b. Cloudy   NIGHT: b. Cloudy 1966

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
               b. In back of you   e. Overhead
               c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No Seemed would depend
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 1966 gently 3 miles

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
o. Inside a building 1966
c. In a car
d. Outdoors 1965
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. in the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? 1966
d. Near an airfield? 1966
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North 1966 c. East e. South g. West 1966
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 25-30 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes 1966 No #1

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes #2 No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw

[The last section contains handwritten text that is partially illegible]


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response partially illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
[No option circled]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:
[No option circled]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [Handwritten response partially illegible]
b. Color: [Handwritten response partially illegible]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and then how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, what would you say?
[Handwritten response partially illegible]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch is present with some annotations, but the details are not clearly legible]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
c/o

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] DC 7-32
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 25   SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[handwritten notes]
+ don't drink, either!
Live had chemistry, biology, hygiene
[additional marginal notes partially illegible]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[partially filled out date fields]
Day   Month   Year
[marginal notes partially illegible]


- page 11 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curve line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw the object. Place on "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place on "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ___________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 12 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    16    Nov    66
                                                    Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

A deliberately waited a few
wks. to make sure that,
as I reviewed my memory over
and over again, that, to my
belief, all inf. in this descriptive
culture is to the best of my
knowledge, the truth,
so help me God!


- page 13 -

FTD (TEST)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
4 November 1966

Washington, D.C., 20032

Dear Mr.

Reference your recent unidentified observations which you reported to the Smithsonian Institution. The information in your letter is not sufficient for evaluation. Therefore, request you complete the attached FTD Forms 164 and return them in the envelope provided. One form is provided for each sighting.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observations.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 14 -

