The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document used for Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects. The image shows a filled-out form with various fields, including the date, location, observer details, length of observation, type of observation, and whether physical evidence or photos were obtained.

PROJECT 10273 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 16 Dec 66
2. LOCATION: Kettering, 01 i..
3. SOURCE: Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: -
8. PHOTOS: Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: (x) Yes XX No

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a form used for reporting unidentified aerial phenomena, likely part of Project Blue Book, the U.S. Air Force's historical program for investigating UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
Information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed.
Please try to answer the questions as fully and accurately as you possibly can. The information that you give will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that this personal information be treated as confidential.

1. When did you see the object?
6. Day
9. Month
1966. Year

2. Time of day:
10:30. Hour
25. Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
Kettering, Ohio. City or Town
Greene. State or County

5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)
4. Hours
25. Minutes
Seconds

5.1 How was the time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Very sure
d. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? 
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day:
b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To your left
c. To your right
d. Don't remember

FTD OCT 38 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, containing a form or questionnaire related to the observation of UFOs or unidentified objects.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Bright,  b. Dim,  c. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight,  b. Dull moonlight,  c. No moonlight - pitch dark,  d. Don't remember 

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky,  b. Hazy,  c. Scattered clouds,  d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry,  b. Fog, mist, or light rain,  c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow,  e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED (Circle One): a. Solid,  b. Transparent
11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter,  b. Dimmer,  c. About the same,  d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: A dazzling bright light
12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred,  b. Sharply bright,  c. Irregularly shaped,  d. Don't remember
13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time?: Yes  b. Move in a straight line?: Yes  c. Break up into parts or explode?: No  d. Use self propelled?: Yes  e. Change in brightness?: Yes  f. Flash or flicker?: Yes  g. Disappear and reappear?: Yes

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a form filled out by a witness.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know 
If you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - more heard 
b. Color - pink and larger around

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and see how much of the object is covered by the hand. If you had performed this experiment, the sketch would have been covered by the match:
the object is smaller, they match the head, but grow to surround the head

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can, such as wings, projections, etc., and the direction the object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Sketch of object shown, described as original in shape, larger than approaching, flashing, hovering]

OCR text output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

NO 

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what: 
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - more heard
b. Color - pink and larger around

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and see how much of the object is covered by the hand. If you had performed this experiment, the sketch would have been covered by the match:
this object is smaller, they match the head, but grow to surround the head

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can, such as wings, projections, etc., and the direction the object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Sketch of object shown, described as original in shape, larger than approaching, flashing, hovering]

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various multiple-choice and written response questions.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES     NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? VERY SLOW SLOWER THAN AN AIRPLANE

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) YES     NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. Inside a building
                  b. In the business section of a city?
                  c. In the residential section of a city?
                  d. In an open countryside?
                  e. Flying over a city?
                  f. Flying over open country?
                  g. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) b. In the business section of a city?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) c. East
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (YES)
b. Sun glasses (YES)
c. Windshield (YES)
d. Window glass (YES)
e. Binoculars (YES)
f. Telescope (NO)
g. Other MIDDLE OF THE ROAD TOP OF HAND

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up to the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
FAR WIDER THAN LOW ZOOM PLANE WIDE AS HAND

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document with instructions and questions related to observing and reporting UFO sightings.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ONE OBJECT Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which is a form that individuals filled out to report their UFO sightings.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location?
answer: Yes I have seen this before and the dates and location are listed at the top of the document.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
name and address is redacted

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
Last Name redacted, First Name redacted, Middle Name redacted
ADDRESS:
Street redacted, City Kettering, State OH, Zip 45440 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: redacted
AGE: 53
SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent: he saw the same or similar object on a prior occasion and attempts were made on any aircraft in the area at the time.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year: redacted

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document from the Project Blue Book division of the U.S. Air Force, dated December 21, 1966.

The text of the document is as follows:

TIDBT/UFO
UFO Observation, 16 December 1966

Kettering, Ohio 

In reference your unidentified observation of 16 December 1966 which you reported to the Duty Officer at Wright-Patterson AFB. This information is his report which was not sufficient for evaluation. Please complete the attached AFD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JOHN DE OGOSS, Colonel, USAF 
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
AFD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 8 -

