The image does not contain any photographs, only a form with text. Here is the text from the form:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP  27 May 66 27/05/52
2. LOCATION  Greenville, Vandalia, Piqua, Ohio
3. SOURCE  Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS  One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION  15 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION  Ground-Visual
7. COURSE  Straight
8. PHOTOS  (X - Not receive)
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE  () Yes
10. CONCLUSION  Astro (VENUS)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS  One of the Witnesses evaluated the case himself. He saw Venus in the east moving according to BLUE BOOK that the object that he saw would have been Venus. He definitely identified the UFO and Venus as the same.
Photos were taken but were not submitted to the Air Force for evaluation since the object had already been evaluated.
353 CASE FILE
3 Witnesses
FTD SEP 62 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with handwritten text.

ACTION ITALIAN

1. CONTACTED AFPC POLICE FOR VARIATIONS AS CONCERNED DETERMTNATLON OF 01U CIS AND SEE THE OBJECT,

2. CONTRACTED EASE 'OPS TO REPORT OF UNUSUAL FLIGHT.

3. CONTRACTED 6T ATOMIC CIS WITLZ OTHERS TO MAKE OPERATIONS REPORT, PDE DECLINE WAS PHONE), AND FILE REPORT.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a UFO report document with questions and instructions for the witness.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    It moved behind: Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    In front of: Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound
    b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch and details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and response options for the observer.

Page 2

8. IF you saw the abject at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the abject?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The abject appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common abject:
_______________________________________________________

12. The edges of the abject were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other
_______________________________________________________

13. Did the abject: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and instructions for a person to sketch the motion of an object or objects. The diagram includes a compass rose and instructions to indicate the height of the object above the horizon, the direction it was moving, and how it changed direction over time.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place on "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were strung, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified flying object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing a questionnaire or form with text fields for the observer to fill in details about their sighting.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain 
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: Brightness of object taken as a...

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Well defined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: also dull

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up or rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Appear to wobble, oscillate, or sway at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 23 MAR 66
2. Time of day: 2545 Hour Minutes 0 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? NEAR 725 SECTION 75 ON INTERSTATE 75 OR RAMP 75
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT a. Clear b. Cloudy a. Clear b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. Overhead e. To your left f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 264, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire-style form filled out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? no

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound -
b. Color - Bright white; red- tint

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? about the size of a match head

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The response indicates the witness drew a sketch, but no sketch is included in the image provided.

OCR Text Output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
no

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - 
b. Color - Bright white; red- tint

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? about the size of a match head

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 10 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Not possible

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2 + miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Open country/field
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/field?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 45 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No 
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. 
- just a height

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, which contains a report on the observation of a highway patrolman named Captain Harrell in Piqua, Ohio regarding a sighting of the planet Venus.

OBSERVATION OF HIGHWAY PATROLMAN - VENUS
Captain Harrell, Piqua Ohio post - Reference to UFO. They are going to develop film. Patrolman Wilson was involved in seeing the UFO. He was with other man. It was about 515 am when he went out the next morning and saw the same object, Venus. Major Quintanilla informed Patrolman Wilson we would not give his name out. Brief description of Wilson's observation follows: 1 Mile East of West Milton. Radio man (dispatcher) has a chemist degree, he thought it was the morning star. SE approximately 20 deg. 
530 - 545 am. When you stopped the patrol car the object appeared to stop and sway. This is an illusion because of the atmosphere. Planet Venus has magnitude of -4.1. It is so bright that this is common thing to report.
Captain Harrell again - Told him that it was the Planet Venus. Captain Harrell said these things get ridiculously out of hand. Dispatcher 4 took call, thought that someone was monitoring their radio. Said it wouldn't happen again.

- page 12 -

The image contains a sketch and a compass diagram, but no photograph. 

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location. (No)

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: (Confidential 2 `, Ohio)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME (Last Name, First Name Middle Name)
ADDRESS (Dayton, OH)
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE 22
SEX F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
(No response)

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it only shows a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text. 

The text on the document says:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 March '66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

She seemed to be a clear, complete, lucid type observer, - and said she thought it might have been a plane or something, - she only called to help clear up the matter if she could.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, containing only text and no visual elements.

NO CASE: Information Only
SOURCE: Flying Saucer Review 
Nov-Dec 65
28 Aug 65
Shepperton, England

Postman Witness
Jimmy Goddard of Saucer Forum, Shepperton, reports that at 12.5 a.m. on the morning of August 28 a post-man was returning to Shepperton. As the postman was walking along the road near Shepperton, he saw an unusual sky object continuing to move along the horizon. The object was silent and the witness is unable to remain anonymous, said the light was so intense that he could not judge the size of the object, but suggested that it could be compared to a distant full moon. He says, "Except for the fact that no sound could be heard, I was reminded that the van's engine was running".

- page 16 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a newspaper article from the Dayton Daily News discussing the idea of UFO saucers and whether they are real or not.

DAYTON DAILY NEWS
SOME DAY . . .

Saucers for Real?
That Would Bore Us
THE flying saucers seem to come
to earth and, after the excite-
ment wears off, there arises the
question, "What are we going
to do with the universe to keep
us entertained?"

Psychologists hold that
many of us believe in flying
saucers because we want to.
We can see that it is not
by considering what will
happen if they really land.

"The immediate reaction will
doubtless be, 'I'll be darned, they
can do it.' Then will come the
three TV networks will present
special features - as well as
"Batman" type largescale enter-
tainments. The newspapers will
telephone the networks no
complaain."

THERE WILL be a national
wave of discontentment when
the news openings and flashes to
diagnose either a tall slim man
with long reddish-blond hair or
a blond woman in a flying
saucer's suit swooping down and
landing. The likelihood is that
whenever the news breaks,
able to land missions on
earth from distant worlds
the psychological curiosities
of a country with 200 million
characters is remote.

When the saucer is opened,
it is more likely to contain a
man or a woman struggling
in the middle of something
utterly uninteresting. Great
build-up - nothing.

Now, while the visit from an-
other planet is a challenging

event to look forward to, the
real thing is almost certain to
be an anti-climax, psychologists
warn. It may prove more inter-
esting than cats or other
hands - of pets, but
nothing else.
After the first few landings,
the public will begin to find
the whole business dreesome.
There years ago, the possibility
that man would shortly get
travel in space thrilled and
unnerved the world. Today,
astronauts encountered in
space considered a serious
emergency. Television networks
interrupted favorite
TV programs to report what
was happening.

NOTHING PALLS
days" as rapidly as a miracle. 
After the first few saucer
arrivals, will ask, "What's
the idea of interrupting 'Be-
witch' to report another
saucer-load of morons?"

This is why the psychologists
say we do not want flying saucers to exist
because, once their existence is established, something else
will go out of life and
saucer"landing" will take
their place in the humdrum
of daily existence along with
the mundane and others. Lyndon B. Johnson, says the crash
of airliners and the billings-
gate of politics.

So long as they are merely
a possibility, it is possible
to entertain dreams about the
universe.
So long as they are merely
a possibility, it is possible
to entertain dreams about the 
Michael J. rennie aboard a the little alien beings with glass
globes around their heads. 

But once the phenomenon is established, something else
will go out of life and the "saucer landing" will take its place in the humdrum of daily existence, along with the mundane and others. Lyndon B. Johnson says the crash of airliners and the billings-gate of politics. So long as they are merely a possibility, it is possible to entertain dreams about the universe. So long as they are merely a possibility, it is possible to entertain dreams about the little alien beings with glass globes around their heads.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. This appears to be a newspaper article from the Dayton Daily News dated Tuesday, March 29, 1966.

Text from the document:

DAYTON DAILY NEWS
Tuesday, March 29, 1966

INSISTS IT WAS THERE

Officer's Film
Shows No UFO

Film shot by a highway patrolman who said he saw an unidentified flying object hovering over Wright-Patterson Air Force base early Sunday was developed yesterday and "was blank ... nothing but a blank," the Air Force and Highway Patrol officials agreed.

The Air Force and Highway Patrol officials agreed that the object probably was the planet Venus. Officials of the Air Force's Blue Book, the office that investigates UFOs, said Venus was extremely bright over Dayton early Sunday.

BUT PVT. Richard Landwehr, the patrolman who took the film, insisted "it's there" and the Air Force "just didn't get the film that shows it."

Another report from Edon, Ohio, tentatively identified as an airplane, but investigators were checking that a report.

Meantime, investigators at WPAFB got at least four reports of sightings last night that they identified as earth satellites.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a Project Blue Book incident report form.

Transcription of the text from the document:

INCIDENT REPORT
TO: ATIC, WPAFB, OHIO, 45433
FROM: LT Col Stanley ond Lt Ford
WPAFB, OHIO, SMAMA(7671H)
1. NAME OF SUBJECT: N/A
2. GRADE: N/A
3. SERVICE NUMBER: N/A
4. ORGANIZATION AND LOCATION: N/A
5. DESCRIPTION: Bright object observed in the sky, Greenville, Ohio and WPAFB
6. HOW DRESSED (military or civilian, and condition of clothing): N/A
7. UNDER INFLUENCE OF: ALCOHOL: OTHER:
8. INCIDENT (time, type and location): 27 Mar 66
9. NAME AND ADDRESS OF COMPLAINANT (if applicable): PFC Harold V. Kyle, P.O. Box 57, CSP, Dispatcher, via phone
10. METHOD COMPLAINT SUBMITTED: IN PERSON, BY TELEPHONE, BY MAIL
11. PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR ACTION (check applicable box): SURRENDERED TO, NAME, GRADE, SERVICE NUMBER, ORGANIZATION
12. NAME, TELEPHONE: N/A
13. DETAILS OF INCIDENT (who, what, when, where, how, etc. Include attitude at time of apprehension and give details of uncooperative attitude). Statement of medical personnel:
Complainant, PFC Darby, Officer, called Police Headquarters and reported information concerning and bright object in the sky Sunday morning, 27 March 1966. He requested the patrolman to contact Sgt Wooley, Sgt Drake, or Major Robertson to contact PID personnel. They stated their UFO form (Project Blue Book) could not be completed as the object Pfc Kyle witnesses had followed PID personnel. Sgt Kyle contacted Pfc Wilhoit, P.O. Box 57, CSP Dispatcher, via phone. Sgt Kyle was advised that Pfc Wilhoit of the Greenville, Ohio Post had followed the object forms (continued on reverse side).
14. UNDERAGE [left blank]
15. EVIDENCE AND ITS DISPOSITION: [left blank]
16. MISDEMEANORS: [left blank]
17. INCLOSURES: INFO COPY, BLUE + PINK, D-I-D, D-I-S, DIVISION - PERSONNEL SECURITY AND LAW ENFORCEMENT

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

ACTION BY UNIT COMMANDER
OFFENDER (Last name - first name - middle initial)
TYPE OF ACTION TAKEN (Specific)
FINDING
SENTENCE OR OTHER DISPOSITION
TYPED NAME AND GRADE OF COMMANDING OFFICER
SIGNATURE
TITLE AND ORGANIZATION
REMARKS
Greenville, Ohio to the Dayton, Ohio Area. Pfc without stated that he received the call at 0230 hours, 27 March 1966 and Pfc Landersaule, Det 57s observer and the object that Phic stated was observed was a Large bright light which was true 300 to 600 yards above the ground. Pfc without stated that the bright light went from the northeast to the southwest and returned in reverse. Pfc Landersaule took pictures of the object but did not think the pictures would turn out. Pfc without stated that he would relay the PID request to the two patrolmen.
The following notifications were made: Major Davies, Chief McCauley, Base Command Post.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather handwritten text. The text describes an object observed at a high altitude of 500-600 feet, which appeared to move back and forth across the base. The observer refers to this as the "object" and describes it as finally the "base", suggesting this was likely a UFO sighting report.

The Object Sighting Report as Transcribed:

The object sighted was at an altitude of 500-600 ft. and appeared to move back and forth across the base. Finally the base. FINALLY THE OBJECT WAS NOT VISIBLE AND NOT SEEN AGAIN ACROSS THE BASE.

- page 21 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The image shows handwritten text describing a UFO sighting report.

Searching Narowing 297-6544
STATE MAY HAVE TRACES
SEARCH TYPE UFO REPORT
RECEIVED FROM POLICE DISPATCHER
AND FIRST HAND ACCOUNT:
1. OBJECT APPEARED AS A BRIGHT
LIGHT TRAVELING SOUTH.
2. FIRST SIGHTED BY STATE
HIGHWAY PATROLMAN WELL OF
THE GREENEVILLE POST + NARA.
3. IT WAS NEXT SPOTTED UNDER
DANVILLE (BELIEVED APPROX.
EATON OR 500-600 FT. AS SPEED OF
APPROX 60 MPH. THE OBJECT
WAS TRACKED TOWARD CEDARVILLE
AND WAS SIGHTED BY CADET JORDAN
OF ST. HIS WATCH.
NO FINAL SIGHTING. WAS BY
PATROLMAN LANDVERSIGHT OF
MORTON POST 59 STATE HIGHWAY PATROL.
HE WAS WATCHING THE OBJECT FROM ABOUT

- page 22 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the U.S. Air Force Project Blue Book, specifically a "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" questionnaire form used to gather information about unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings.

The text contained in the document is as follows:

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, opinions, or publications without your permission. Please provide this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
2. Time of day: 5:45 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? North of Vandalia
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

This form, FTD OCT 62 164, supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 23 -

