PROJECT 10076 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
26 October 66 27/0045

2. LOCATION
Winona, Mississippi (3 Witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4 Hours

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Upward and to the
West

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (CAPELLA)

At 1845 EST CAPELLA was at 33 deg azimuth and a elevation of 12 deg.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers noted basically stationary object in the eastern sky. Object changed colors as if light was flashing bright red, blue, yellow colors. Once the object dropped sharply. A possibly a contrail was seen above object as it dropped. Object made no motion as to gyrations, it only moved slowly upward (or westward). Observers have seen same object at different times over the last 2 weeks.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Compare with mile yellow hell 1st arms distance.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
                    Yes   No   Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?     
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
26 October 1966
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 7:30 - 8:00
             Hour   Minutes   (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One):
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Postal address is blacked out]
Nearest Postal Address    Winona    Miss.
                          City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 4
                                   Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
                     d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? by clock & watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                             NIGHT
a. Bright                       a. Bright
b. Cloudy                       b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? about 30-50 mi. lo.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. inside a building
b. in a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. in the business section of a city?
b. in the residential section of a city?
c. in open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other ______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Revolving spot light as used with artificial Christmas tree.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes NO Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes NO Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: Object changed colors as if light flashing - yellow (central)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/8

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

One object dropped sharply. Possible central seen above object as it
dropped.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
I have seen similar objects during the past year. I could not give all the dates, however, I am enclosing an approximate paper with dates and will try to cover all pertinent information in this questionnaire.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
(my Hyred son) same address - Winona, Miss.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [street redacted] Winona, Mississippi
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 31 SEX F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I am a former employee of the Radio Engineering Department of Brookley AFB, Mobile, Alabama, and am quite familiar with most aircraft.

I am presently employed with the [redacted] in Greenwood, Mississippi as a secretary.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
26 October 1966 Reported to Columbus AFB and Naval Air Station Memphis, Tenn.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Object made no motion. It only moved slowly upward (or westward)

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put on arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    3    November    1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Gentlemen: As I have stated, I am not sure about the dates of these sightings, but I believe the date is correct on the sighting discussed in this questionnaire.

However, one night previous to this sighting, (about two nights earlier), I was returning to my home at _____ As I drove into the drive, my son told me to look up at the objects passing directly over my house. Then I looked up, there were three (3) objects at approximately 90 degrees above my house. We got out of the car and watched them. There were three, traveling East in a true traversed V formation. The two objects at the front were disc shaped, and were glowing bright red, as if caused by friction burning. The object to the rear had a bright red light at the front and a smaller white light to the rear. It appeared to be oblong, or cigar shaped. The two front objects were absolutely round, and had no lights blinking at all. The object to the rear had a blinking light at the rear (the small white light). My first impression and comment to my eleven year old son was that's an airplane was chasing two UFOs. Then, as we watched these objects, it was apparent that the rear object was not an airplane. Neither of these objects made any sound at all. They were approximately 500 feet in the air. If there was any sound, it would have been apparent. As I realized this was no airplane, I ran across the street to a neighbor's home. Both of my neighbors observed this sighting with me. Their names can be furnished upon request, but I will have to get their permission to reveal same. We watched these objects, until they disappeared in the far horizon, less than 15 degrees above the horizon, to the East. They were clearly visible for approximately five minutes. They simply vanished. From sight.

I am a former employee of Brookley AFB, in Mobile, Alabama and am quite familiar with aircraft. This definitely was not any aircraft that I have ever seen before. Neither was it an illusion of swamp gases. As there was no contact with these objects. Their outline was clear and sharp. There was no exhaust visible, and as the night was clear, it is believed that there was no exhaust at all.

About a week previous to this sighting, a friend of mine _____ and I along with my two children, were on our way to church, as I left her house, we noticed an object, similar to the first object described, in the Northeast. As we watched this object, it also began to change colors, as if lights were flashing on and off. We decided to see how close we could get to it by car. We traveled in the Northeast direction, Mississippi. If it was a clear night, and other than a dull moon, the night was bright. As we traveled parallel to this object, it began to move, to and fro, bouncing up and down. Then it appeared to stand still altogether, where it stood still, the 15 miles would fall. Then it moved, it was a bright, fluorescent color. It appeared to leave a small control in it moved.

-- over --


- page 8 -

About the middle of March of this year, 1966, I watched the most unusual and spectacular sighting of all.

I was at my father's home, which is about three miles outside the city limits. His house is on a hill, and the view of the sky is practically unlimited.

It was about 9:00 P. M. I was outside watching the skies. I noticed something in the far East, traveling quite fast. It had the appearance of a huge, bright, star. As it got closer, I could see that it was not a star. I passed directly over my father's house. The object was in the shape of a TV picture tube, with the large end forward. The front of the object was a huge eye-like light. It was just a bright, white light, as if it was the guiding light. The rear of the object was a bright, red light. Neither of these lights were flashing. There was no sound at all, even though the object was only a few hundred feet above my head. There was no visible wing, on it. The body itself appeared to be longer than that of an airplane, and appeared to be of a dull hue. The time lapse from the time I first saw this object until it disappeared in the West was approximately five minutes.

I trust the above and enclosed information will be of help to the Air Force. I am a firm believer in God Almighty and Jesus Christ the Son. I am a Christian, but, I also firmly believe that these objects are intelligently controlled, and I believe there is a possibility that they are extraterrestrial originated.

If I can be of any further help, please do not hesitate to call upon me.


- page 9 -

I want to thank you again for reporting your observation to the Air Force. Your detailed information was accurately reported and enabled a possible explanation of your sighting.

One such subject has just returned from the New York City area investigating similar sightings as your own. Actual personal interviews with witnesses revealed a memorable similarity to your description. Different occasions when persons interviewed were told the UFO was visible at the time of the investigation. Some persons pointed out UFO to the subject and on this type of the above occasions Capella was being observed and reported as an alleged UFO. I want to point out that I am not trying to convince you that Capella was responsible for your observation, but merely to think it is a possible explanation.

Within a few days after the Denver attorney who acts as a press and public relations


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

refraction of the incoming beam of
light from the star. This refraction
breaks the incident beam
into the colors of the spectrum
and at an instance fraction of
only red will be seen. The next
instance possibly green will be
seen. This is what is abnormal and
after reported as a flashing red, green,
yellow, etc. Light.

on 26
at the time of your sighting Oct 66
Capella, with stellar magnitude of
approximately 0.2, would have been
on an azimuth of 33 degrees and at
an elevation of approximately 12 degrees,
the side lightest point source of
light in the northeastern sky.

Again I am not positively making
a certain or your particular 26 Oct 66
sighting; but, due believe the close
Capella, a possible explanation.

We wish to thank you again for
your taking the time to report
your observation to the USAF.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

FTD (TDENT)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
28 October 1966

Winona, Mississippi 38967
Dear Mrs.

Reference your unidentified observation of 26 October 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Kutty Offer

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
26 Oct 66
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 33 15
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
1/3 mile N Network, Winona, Choctaw County, Mississippi
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
15-30
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
              b. In back of you    e. Overhead
              c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 13 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                    8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                     a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                    b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                     c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                           d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):                       WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                                a. Dry
    b. Hazy                                     b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds                         c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds                    d. Snow
                                                e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                                    d. As a light
    b. Transparent                              e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                                 c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                                   d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):   a. Fuzzy or blurred         e. Other
                    b. Like a bright star
                    c. Sharply outlined
                    d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                             (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?       Yes    No    Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes    No    Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?           Yes    No    Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                           Yes    No    Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                        Yes    No    Don't know
    f. Change shape?                             Yes    No    Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                         Yes    No    Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                   Yes    No    Don't know


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses   Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass  Yes    No

e. Binoculars    Yes    No
f. Telescope     Yes    No
g. Theodolite    Yes    No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes     No     Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes     No     Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Bright fluorescent"

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
fifty-cent piece at arms length

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
3-4 neighbors and horse(?) have been watching the object at different times over the last 2 weeks

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [Street redacted] Winona, Miss.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE ___   SEX   F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Lady claims she is fairly well up on her astronomy and, therefore, knows it wasn't a star

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   W. T. Brock
                                                                    A. & A.
                                                                    Air Weather Service
                                                                    Naval Air Station
                                                                    Memphis, Tenn.


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 18 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    27   Oct    66
                                                     Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 19 -

