PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
20 March 66 21/1002

2. LOCATION
Elyria, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/R

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
South

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☑ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☑ No

10. CONCLUSION
Insufficient Data
Form 164 requested over 30 days and not returned as of this date. If form 164 returned, sighting will be evaluated.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer said object was real large, and beautiful with its colors of the rainbow. Said they could not hear any sound due to the traffic on the route next to her house. Then she decided to turn the lights off to see if the object was moving. At the time it wasn't. So she turned her car lights on, and decided to pull over on the opposite side of the drive, when she did this, the object moved very slowly. Object was going south. Observers blinked her 12 lights, then large object was stationary, then moved on. Observer stated object was large and not too high above her, could see the oval outline then flares all around it.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

FTD (IDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
13 April 1966

Elyria, Ohio 44038

Dear M

Reference your letter of 7 April 1966 regarding an unidentified observation which you made on 20 March 1966. The information contained in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 2 -

Dear Sir,

After seeing this object in the sky on Mar 20th (Sunday) night at 8:00, I called the Air Force and on Monday they gave me your address, then on Monday night it was in the paper where these objects had landed in Michigan.

To show you how sincere I saw as I sit here writing to you, just like you would believe your boys in the Air Force that said something on their Radar, as my son was in the Radar Sq. (Sage 142, C in Mill Valley, Calif.)

So as an Air Force matter I feel it my duty to write to you

apr. 7, 66


- page 3 -

and also explain to you what I saw. I live in Elyria, south of the City and this object was going south. as I was turning into my drive here was this real large object in the sky. again I wish you see it if you could yourself what in that time you were. but yet it is so beautiful with its colors of rainbow, so I stopped my car immediately rolled down the window but the cars on Rt 20 kept me from hearing. so I decided to turn my lights off to see if it was moving which it wasn't. so I turned my lights back on and decided to pull over on the opposite side of drive. then


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

when I did that it moved very
slowly on. Truthfully I did
get scared when I found out
after I blanked my lights it
was stationary. I put the car
away and ran real fast to
the house, and told my husband
I was going to come in and get
my husband but I didn't want
to lose sight of it.
In its oval shape, it reminded
you like the dirigibles. I could
see the oval outline then flares
all around it.

all colors
of window
and large
and not too
high above me.
will never forget this.

There is also a hand-drawn sketch of an oval shape with radiating lines around it.


- page 5 -

I have served on Jury Duty for Murder Trials and you are not supposed to talk about it, but I know this was definitely something it had to be so please in my utmost confidence. Hoping you don't mind me writing and telling you, but if the Air Force is being this for security all well and good. But I do hope to hear from you as that is what you would want more sincere people giving you exact disruptions and information.

Most sincerely,
[Blacked out name]
Elyria, Ohio


- page 6 -

