PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
20 Oct 66     21/0030Z

2. LOCATION
Minneapolis, Minnesota
2 witnesses

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Photo: Other (REFLECTION)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
25-35 seconds

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object should be about 30 ft off the ground for 25-35 seconds and then took off at an angle of about 30 degrees and disappeared to the N.W. Object was a steady white light. No sound was heard. Object was about 5 ft in diameter and about 10 ft high and moved like a coin toning to a stop when dropped on a flat surface.

Photo analysis stated or attempted to photograph a general outdoor scene from indoor through a window, therefore recorded a reflection of a light source. Observed stated object was about 25 ft in diameter, but if the object was a reflection of a light, the diameter is likely not to exceed one or two feet.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
North West

8. PHOTOS
X Yes
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
X No

FORM
FTO SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of trees or a forest landscape, with trees visible in the foreground and background. The image is framed within a border and has a grainy, low-contrast appearance typical of older photographic prints.


- page 2 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
30 Oct 66       2300Z

2. LOCATION
Minneapolis, Minnesota     (three witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Varied

8. PHOTOS
1. Yes
2. No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
1. Yes
2. No

10. CONCLUSION
(other) INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SBE Case

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 3 -

FTD (TDETB)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
16 November 1966

Minneapolis, Minnesota 55428

Dear Miss

Reference your unidentified observation which you reported in your letter postmarked 7 November 1966. The information contained in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Minnesota
55428

Project Bluebook
Flight-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

(The document appears to be a mailing envelope or cover sheet with a postmark dated 7 Nov 1966)


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Project Bluebook
c/o Foreign Technology Division of the Air Force Systems Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir;

I know that you probably not believe me because of my age, but I saw a UFO.Here are the facts:
Time/place of sighting:October 30,1967 at about 5:55 to 5:00 local time/Minneapolis, Minnesota.(The village of New Hope to be exact.)

Length of sighting:About 15 seconds.
Color:Bright yellow, so bright that it was almost white.
Distance from ground:High as a usual power line.
Number of people watching:Myself, age 15 (I have been studying the UFO's for about 5 months and I know that this wasn't a regular plane or anything; we make because I live only a short distance from an airport. My girlfriend age 12, and in the 4th grade.We all live on the same street.

Size:We can't exactly say because we were a short distance away from the place, but they seemed about 12 inches in diameter.There were 4 objects in this formation; they made no sound that we could hear.

but that might be because of the distance.
We first noticed it as we were watching the planes come in to land at the Crystal airport. We had been watching for about 10 minutes. Then I looked to my right and saw something as low as and seeming to be going along the power lines. We all sat watching it as it went slowly along the power lines. Then that it wasn't a plane. It was a glowing object. It went behind a house because it didn't go down toward the ground as a plane does so some in to the range. It just went slowly along. Then, we watched it a long time, as we could. Then it went behind a house and we never saw it again.Between the 4 lights there were streaks of light like this:

only the lights were closer.

I hope that if you can find this time, you can find out what this was. If I see it again I will let you know.

Very sincerely


- page 6 -

January 7, 1967
Elm City, Wisconsin

Project Blue Book Information Office
SAFOI
Washington, D. C. 20330

Dear Sirs:

I am writing in regards to a sighting of an UFO made by my brother and his cousin. He is a sophomore in high school and for some reason does not want to pursue this matter. However, to satisfy my own curiosity, I would like to clarify the details. The sighting was made at 9:15 P.M. on October 20, 1966, in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The time was about 6:15 ... on October 20, 1966. The way my brother and his cousin describe the sighting is as follows:

They were at about 3 to 4 miles east of 35 seconds and then about 30 angle of about 30 degrees and descended to the north east. It was a steady white light and made no sound. It was about 5 ft. in diameter and 15 ft. long. They saw it begin to go over a flat surface. The weather was clear.

He happened to have his polaroid camera with this reel took the enclosed picture. Both he and his cousin are quite excited about this and sure they can describe it. Just as it appeared to them, because my brother does not want any publicity or involvement with this, please mail any correspondence you may have concerning this to me. Incl. stamped self-addressed envelope.

I teach science and biology and I am very interested in an explanation for this because I am unable to come up with any.

Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 7 -

Feb 7, 1967

Dear [blacked out]

In regards to your reply to my letter of Jan. 74 concerning the UFO sighted by my brother and his cousin.

He does not have the negative, but does have the original print. He also says he is now willing to cooperate fully in this matter and will try to answer any questions that you may have. His name and address are:

[blacked out]
Bemidji, Minnesota.

Sincerely,
[blacked out]
Plum City, Wisc. 54761


- page 8 -

SAF-CICC/Mts Cassel/b/T9CT9/28 Feb 67

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

We have been informed by Mr. [redacted] that you have reconsidered and are now willing to let the Air Force evaluate your recent unidentified flying object photo.

If you will forward the original negative, we will analyze it. If you were not using the type of film in your Polaroid camera which produces both a photo and a negative, I would appreciate receiving the original photo. The photo and/or negative will be returned to you undemaged.

In order to analyze the photos adequately we will need the following camera information:

(a) Type and make of camera.
(b) Type, focal length, and make of lens.
(c) Brand and type of film.
(d) Shutter speed used.
(e) Lens opening used; that is "f" stop.
(f) Filters used.
(g) Was tripod or solid stand used.
(h) Was "panning" used.
(i) Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true North, and its angle with respect to the ground.

Thank you for your cooperation in this matter.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Bemidji, Minnesota 56601

[Bottom of page contains additional administrative notations that are partially illegible]


- page 9 -

SAF-OICC Cassel/ua/79079/12Jan67

JAN 12 1967

Dear Dr. [redacted]:

This replies to your letter of January 7th in which you forwarded the photo of the unidentified flying object (UFO).

The Air Force is very interested in this photo. Although we understand this is a polaroid shot, would you please check with your brother and cousin and see if they were using the type film in which there is a negative as well as a print. We would certainly like to have the original negative for analysis. It will be returned undamaged upon completion of our analysis and we will notify you of the results.

Thank you for your letter; we hope to hear from you again soon.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Plum City, Wisconsin 54761

[Additional administrative markings at bottom of page]


- page 10 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 67-25                                                PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT 12 April 1967

SUBJECT    UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION   MINNEAPOLIS, MINNESOTA                       DATE 20 OCTOBER 1966

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF:                   IR:                              QUALITY Fair
P NRS 1 Print (B & W)

1. PURPOSE: This report is in response to Work Order Number 67-37 submitted by Major Quintanilla (DETE), to determine the identity of the object photographed.

2. ANALYSIS: The photography appears genuine insofar as content is concerned. No satisfactory explanation could be made of the unidentified object. Examination of the submitted print has negated retouching. Attempts to make a double exposure could not be defined. Source stated the object was photographed with a Polaroid camera, yet two small black dots appear on the frame border indicating that automatic processing was used to develop the print. As a result, it is impossible to determine whether the print was made from an original Polaroid or other type negative. The camera focal length is therefore unknown and a scaling factor to size the object was precluded. The object appears to be circular in planform and basically flat in cross-section. A small degree of highlighting is visible along the top contour of the object. The unidentified object is possibly a result of an attempt at photographing a general outdoor scene from indoors through a window, and recording the reflection of a light source (i.e. an illuminated floor lamp or other type shaded interior light). Source stated that the object was about 25 feet in diameter, but if the object is a reflection of an interior light, the diameter is likely not to exceed one or two feet.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:                                     APPROVED BY:

Douglas H. Rogers                                      William L. Turner
Intelligence Research Specialist                       Major, USAF
                                                       Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

                                                       Wilber Price, Jr.
                                                       Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

TD FORM
APR 62 132


- page 11 -

This case contains 1, 4½" negative and 1, 8"x10" photograph.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

26 Oct 66

SAFOICC/Maj Rademacher/jad/79079/12 Jun 67

JUN 12 1967

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Reference your recent correspondence concerning a sighting and subsequent photograph taken by your brother of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

Examination of the submitted photograph revealed retouching. The photographs stated the object was photographed with a Polaroid camera, yet two small black dots appear on the frame border indicating that an automatic machine processing was used to develop the print. As a result, it is impossible to determine whether the print was made from an original Polaroid or other type negative.

The camera focal length is therefore unknown and a scaling factor to size the object was precluded. The only probable explanation is that the object is a result of an attempt at photographing a general outdoor scene from indoors through a window, and recording the reflection of a light source.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

BARNETT B. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

1 Attachment
Two Prints

[Redacted]
Film City, Wisconsin 54761

COORDINATED BY: SAFOII-CC

= SAFOIC Coord cy
Cmbk cy
Rdrs cy
Acty cy
Stbk cy


- page 13 -

Project Blue Book & Negative

No.
Name
Order
Remarks
Retouched
Order Finished
Reorder
Reorder

Negative made by Us.


- page 14 -

