PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
16 March 66 17/0800Z

2. LOCATION
Uniontown, Ohio (1 witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Satellite (ECHO II) at 2108 is visible North of the city, 50 deg above the horiz moving SE.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 - 7 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
N

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer sighted a bright light, brighter than Venus, and traveling very fast. The object first appeared overhead and travelled North. It traveled in a straight line except occasionally it seemed to stop and go and move from side to side. Duration was from 5 to 7 minutes.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Uniontown, Ohio #4155
March 28, 1966

Major Hector Quintanilla
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

I would like to report that on the night of March 16, at 2100 hours, my 15 year old son and I saw a very bright light in the sky. It was brighter than Venus and traveling very fast. We saw it first straight overhead and it seemed to be traveling due north on a line between the big dipper and north star. Suddenly it stopped and then went sideways and then to the other side. Then it continued forward again but stopping numerous times and going from side to side until it disappeared over the horizon. The expired time from first sighting it until it disappeared was from 5 to 7 minutes.

I felt that this should be reported and tried the Akron-Canton weather station but could get no reply. After numerous phone calls I called the Akron City airport control tower and reported it to the man there. He suggested I report it to a local weather observer of such sightings. I still felt the government should have this report so am sending it to you in the hopes that it will reach the right person.

I also would like to know, if possible, if this was picked up on radar from any station in Ohio? I also feel that there should be some local office to report these things to. Is there such a place?

I feel that a government investigation into these space craft should be conducted with all haste. I also feel it is way past time to stop insulting the intelligence of the citizens by saying we only see swamp gas or that it is an inversion in the weather. Apparently these people in the space craft are much further advanced than we are for their craft are far superior to ours. They also could have destroyed us if they had so desired...so apparently they have reached that degree of understanding. Peace is the law, not war and destruction as we seem to still need to handle a problem.

Yours truly,

[Signature redacted]

Satellite (Echo II), Eddy, Akron City, 2600
Moving NE


- page 2 -

