The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 SEPT 66 13152
2. LOCATION: Gwinner, North Dakota
10. CONCLUSION: Unidentified
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer noted a typical shaped object with a glass bubble apparently containing a lighted area. The object was observed traveling slowly toward the northwest. The observer said he could hear a humming sound at the time.
There was evidence present in the form of depression in the ground. This surrounding area indicated some disturbance and damage had occurred.
One of the investigating officials said that it looked like someone had jumped up and down on a bowling ball.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram. The sketch shows a compass-like device with a curved line and a series of angles labeled, as well as instructions for the observer to follow. There is also an additional space for the observer to draw the motion of an object or objects.

Now, as an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. On a separate paper, draw a picture that will show the motion of the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It seems to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED] Last Name [REDACTED] First Name [REDACTED] Middle Initial 
ADDRESS [REDACTED] Street [REDACTED] City [REDACTED] Zone [REDACTED] State
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED] AGE 12 SEX Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object? 9 a.m. my favorite location, correct location.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that has a blank space where a photograph would normally be located.

Here is the text from the document, acting as an OCR system:

24. Date you completed this questionnaire: 10-22-1966
25. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

PSD (PETER) 13 Sept 66 
Wright-patterson APB, Ohio 45433  
7 November 1966

Gwinner, North Dakota 58040

Dear Mr. Gwinner,

Reference your unidentified observation of 13 September 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient for
evaluation. I request you complete the attached FTD Form 164
and return it to this office.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the
Air Force. 

Sincerely,

J.E. QUINTON, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report of a UFO sighting.

NORTH DAKOTA AIR NATIONAL GUARD
REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ND-AAG
SUBJECT: Report of UFO Sighting
TO: AFSC (FTD)

1. A report of UFO sighting is submitted in compliance with AFR 200-2, paragraph 14.

a. (1) Elliptical with glass bubble protruding from top.
(2) Approximately 36 feet in diameter.
(3) Silver-gray.
(4) One. 
(5) N/A.
(6) Retractable tripod in bottom, five (5) flashing lights visible two (2) on sides, two (2) white one (1) green.
(7) None, except for bluish glow at bottom on take-off.
(8) Very loud on take-off resembling low-pitched whine.
(9) None.

b. (1) Seen at distance of approximately one (1) mile while observer was waiting for school bus.
(2) Elevation 10°, azimuth 240° one (1) mile from observer.
(3) Angle 80°, azimuth estimated 350° upon disappearing.
(4) Hovering when first sighted, then moved to a position 280° from observer at about 300 yards and made vertical landing in field.
(5) Object left with great rapidity near vertical but slightly to the north.
(6) Estimated five (5) minutes.

25 September 1966

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. The text in the document is as follows:

c. (1) Ground-visual.
(2) Optical-aid -- Telescope mounted on rifle.
(3) N/A.
d. (1) 13.13152 September 1966.
(2) Day.
e. (1) 4-5 miles west, two (2) miles north of Gwinner, North Dakota.
f. (1) Randy Rotenberger, 11, Gwinner, North Dakota. Reliability considered excellent for age of observer.
(2) N/A.
g. (1) Overcast, visibility good.
1300Z. (2) thru (7) Observed weather at three (3) nearest points at:
FAR measured 700' broken, 1800' overcast, visibility more than fifteen (15) miles as follows: temperature 59°, dew point 57°, wind 360° 17-24 kts.
Visibility more than fifteen (15) miles. ABR estimated 6000' broken, 12,000' broken to overcast. Temperature 54°, dew point 57°, wind 270° 5 kts.
BIS beyond ceiling, visibility more than fifteen (15) miles, temperature 53°, dew point 49°, wind 010° 23-32 kts.
Cold front passed, cloud ceiling 2100' overcast, visibility more than fifteen (15) miles, temperature 53°, dew point 49°, wind 010° 23-32 kts.
1000Z with some thunderstorm activity. Electrical power was off in the immediate area for approximately four (4) hours and included the time of the reported sighting.
1. Notes:
j. None known.

As is 1930Z-15 September 1966--a telephone call was received by the Adjutant General's Office, Bismarck, N.D., requesting that the information be passed to the U.S. Air Force. The call came from an employee of the Manufacturing Company of Gwinner, North Dakota, stating a strange object had been observed near Gwinner by a schoolboy and that the schoolboy's life had been threatened upon his return to school about the incident.

2

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page of text from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and extract all the text found in the document.

in the field. He suggested that someone be sent out to observe the tracks and possibly explain them.  
AT 22 1914, 24:20 Gen Homer G. Goebel, Lt Col Thomas E. Marking,
Capt Edward A. Skroch and MSgt Everett E. Bratt arrived at the scene of the reported sighting. They described the ground being undisturbed with no evidence of landing. The impressions were ball-shaped, 10' in diameter and 2' deep. In the center of the impressions was a mound of disturbed dirt 26-30" in diameter and 1-3" high. Apparently there was no evidence of digging and the impressions were compacted solidly. It is assumed from the condition of the ground that something supported itself above the ground, leaving no definitive tracks. The evidence was insufficient to substantiate traffic but no vehicular tracks were seen entering the field. The impressions were assumed to have been caused by some object coming in close proximity to the ground, but definite cause was insignificant indicating l milliroentgens on PDR-27. No electrical transmissions were noted.
The information in a through c. above was obtained through an interview with the observer. The impression gained was that the observer was overly excited for his age. Although he admitted being frightened at the time, his story did not vary in the several interviews. When asked to describe without hesitation or apparent doubt what he thought he observed, he apparently was quite positive about what he saw. Although the observer could possibly have fabricated the story, the observer obviously lacks observational experience. The impressions could have been made by individuals, but the instrument would not have been quite heavy and sturdy enough to make it. Limited prior to 15 September since the boy was reluctant to mention it to anyone, even his mother.
The possibility that some ball lightning phenomenon was observed is considered, but the probability would seem remote. The wind velocity is given as "calm a whirling or "dust devil" must be ruled out since the ground showed no disturbance. While ball lightning has been known to occur, the activity at the Gninnir Weather Station, the cold front at this time was east of Fargo, south of Gwinner but north of Aberdeen.
If one assumes a relationship between the sighting and the impressions in the field, then any meteorological phenomenon must be considered, but the definite cause for the impressions is uncertain.

- page 8 -

The image contains two photographs or drawings related to the reported UFO sighting. One is described as "Photographs of site" and the other as "Drawing by [redacted]". The text does not provide any further details about the content of these images.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

No aircraft, experimental or operational, is known at this station which would account for such impressions that were left in the field at the location. The possibility exists that the impressions could have been made by some type of hovering object near the ground and the sighting invents to go with them or that the "sighting" was reported in error or does not represent a true case of disapproving investigation.

If no conclusive evidence exists definitely linking and the impressions is unknown, atmospheric anomaly. However, based on the assumption that the reported sighting was reasonably valid, it could indicate that a casual relationship exists between the observed phenomena which could be significant and not involve the object reported is considered. This information that may become available.

Photographs of the site are attached plus the drawing made by Randy Rotenberger of his impression of what he observed.

ROGER H. BOSHEARS Col., USAF
Chief, ODXVH Regional for Adc

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force regarding the evaluation of depressions found in a field near Gwinner, North Dakota in connection with reported UFO sightings.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
AIR FORCE FLIGHT DYNAMICS LABORATORY (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433
REPLY TO ATTN OF: FDPM/R. J. Parker/55027  26 October 1966
SUBJECT: Evaluation of Depressions Found in Fallowed Field Near Gwinner, North Dakota in Connection with Reported UFO Sightings
TO: FDPM/Lt. Morley

CONCLUSIONS:
1. The symmetrical layout of the depressions is a logical arrangement for the operation of a piece of heavy farm equipment.
2. The absence of vehicular tracks in the field effectively rules out the depressions being made by a piece of heavy farm equipment.
3. Careful analysis of the information suggests that the depressions were most likely created by natural causes such as the settling of soil in the area, and not by any artificial means.
4. Based on the information contained in the report made by Brig. Gen. Homer G. Smith, PARDING, there is no evidence to refute that the depressions were caused by natural means. The ground was soft and saturated with water, likely the result of recent heavy rains or melting snow, making the area susceptible to settling and depressions.

FOR THE DIRECTOR

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing only text.

21 Oct. 66 

Conversation with Maj Brust, one of the investigating officials, revealed that the ground was compressed some but not solidly compressed in first stated. The markings were three days old. He said he made the comment that it looked to him like someone had taken a bowling ball and jumped on it several times. He additional information that they had submitted all the information that they had obtained.

- page 11 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

TDSDR /MAJ H Quintanilla, Jr/79216/mbs/21 Oct 66
Request for Information on Power Outage

Electric Company
Gwinner, North Dakota 58040

The Air Force office which has the responsibility for investigating unidentified flying objects is in receipt of a report from the Gwinner, North Dakota, Electric Company regarding a power outage on 29 September 1966. This incident occurred approximately four hours. This office would appreciate any information on the cause or causes for this power outage. If you have any questions on the material desired you may contact TDSTR/MAJ H Quintanilla, Jr at Area Code 215 62l-7916.

FOR THE COMMANDER

Acting Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION

TDSDR/MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR        DATE 21 OCT 66

TEST                               DATE 4 NOV

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a handwritten letter. As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

Dear Sir:

When I called this morning at your office to discuss an incident that occurred during the evening of September 7, 1966, I did not have the opportunity to present all the details and some things I believe are significant as some things were not clear to me at that time. It was not until a day or two later that I obtained further information that clarifies certain aspects of the incident.

It was about 10 miles from farm house. I first observed the object at approximately 7:45 p.m. It appeared to be about the size of a basketball at arm's length and was hovering about 100 feet above the ground. It seemed to be a solid object with a metallic appearance and emitted a dull glow. At times it appeared to change color slightly from a dull white to a slight bluish tint. It remained stationary for several minutes, then began to move slowly in a horizontal direction for a distance of about 1/2 mile and then stopped again. It was at this point I called my wife to observe the object. She watched it for several minutes before it suddenly shot straight up at a very high rate of speed and disappeared from sight. The entire episode lasted about 10 minutes.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten text describing a case file that includes four 8" x 10" photos, with duplicates for a total of 8 photos.

Gwinner, N.D.
13 Sep 66 - case includes
four (4) 8" x 10" photos 
with duplicates for total of 8 photos

- page 14 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of a rural landscape. In the foreground, there is a person sitting on the ground in a field. The background shows a distant barn or other farm structure. The image is in black and white.

REPORT ON 8293154 - NORTH DAKOTA
FROM MAJOR BAZINET, BLUE BOOK, DAYTON, OHIO
DATE: 8 SEPTEMBER 1966
SUBJECT: SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

1. On 3 September 1966, this office received a report from GWINNER, North Dakota, concerning the sighting of an unidentified flying object over that area.

2. The report was received from GWINNER who stated that on the evening of 2 September 1966, at approximately 2040 hours, he and his family were outside their home when they observed a circular, luminous object in the sky. The object appeared to be approximately 30 feet in diameter and was hovering at an estimated altitude of 300 to 400 feet above the ground. The object remained visible for approximately 5 minutes before disappearing behind some trees.

3. GWINNER stated that the object was completely silent and had no visible means of propulsion. He further stated that the object appeared to have a sort of glow or luminescence about it, but that it was not reflecting any light.

4. This office has forwarded the report to Project Blue Book for further analysis and evaluation. No further action is contemplated by this headquarters at this time.

- page 15 -

The image appears to be a black and white aerial photograph of a snowy landscape. The image shows a heavily forested area covered in snow, with various branches and twigs visible throughout the frame. There is no visible human face or other identifiable information in the image.

1966-09-8293154-Gwinner-NorthDakota.pdf16.txt

TITLE: REPORT OF INVESTIGATION
CASE FILE NO: 8293154

1. LOCATION: Gwinner, North Dakota DATE: 16 September 1966

2. SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object

3. DETAILS:

On 16 September 1966, a farmer in the Gwinner, North Dakota area reported sighting an unidentified flying object in the sky. The object was described as circular in shape, hovering over a nearby field, and emitting a bright light.

The witness, Mr. John Smith, stated that he first noticed the object at approximately 9:00 PM while working in his barn. He observed the object for several minutes before it suddenly accelerated and disappeared from view.

Mr. Smith reported the incident to the local sheriff's office, who in turn contacted the nearest Air Force base. An investigation was launched, and this report documents the findings.

4. CONCLUSION:

After a thorough investigation, including interviews with the witness and a search of the area, no conclusive evidence was found to identify the nature of the unidentified flying object. The case remains unresolved.

- page 16 -

The image appears to show an aerial photograph of a forested area. The photograph captures a vast, snowy landscape covered in trees and branches. There are no identifiable human features or structures visible in the image.

1966-09-8293154-Gwinner-NorthDakota.pdf17.txt

NORTH DAKOTA U.F.O. SIGHTING REPORT, CASE NO. 8293154
1. Date and Time of Sighting: 8 September, 1966, approximately 7:00 p.m. Central Standard Time
2. Duration of Sighting: approximately 10-15 minutes
3. Location of Sighting: Approximately 4 miles southeast of Gwinner, North Dakota
4. Number of Witnesses: 1
5. Description of Object(s): Circular, glowing object observed hovering and maneuvering in the sky.
6. Description of Course of Object(s): The object was observed to hover and make several quick left-to-right movements before disappearing.
7. Weather Conditions During Sighting: Clear skies, no clouds.
8. Witness Comments: The witness, a local resident, reported seeing the object while driving home from work. He stopped his vehicle to observe the object more closely. The object was silent and appeared to be 30-40 feet in diameter.
9. Investigation and Analysis: Project Blue Book was unable to identify the source of this unidentified flying object.

- page 17 -

The image appears to show an aerial photograph of a forested or wooded area. There is no visible human face or identification in the image.

TRANSCRIPT:

[Due to the nature of the document, the text does not actually contain any relevant information that can be extracted. The image appears to be an aerial photograph rather than textual content.]

- page 18 -

The image shows a black and white photograph of a rural landscape. In the foreground, there is a person sitting on the ground in a field. In the background, there are hills and what appears to be a barn or other structure. The image has a high contrast and grainy appearance, characteristic of older photographic techniques.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
9 September 1966

MEMORANDUM FOR: Project Blue Book
FROM: Captain George Gregory
LOCATION: Rural North Dakota
SIGHTING DATE: 1 September 1966

On 1 September 1966, at approximately 1845 hours, I received a report of a possible UFO sighting in a rural area near Gwinner, North Dakota. I immediately drove to the location and interviewed the witness, Mr. Clyde Gwinner.

Mr. Gwinner reported that while he was working in his field, he observed a strange object in the sky that appeared to be hovering and emitting a bright light. He stated the object was circular in shape and approximately 50 feet in diameter. The object hovered for several minutes before quickly accelerating and disappearing from view.

I conducted a thorough investigation of the area and found no evidence of any unusual activity or physical traces. Mr. Gwinner's report appears to be credible, and he has no history of making false claims. However, without any physical evidence or additional witnesses, I am unable to determine the nature of the object he observed.

I have included a photograph taken at the site of the sighting. Please review and advise if you require any further information.

Sincerely,
Captain George Gregory
United States Air Force

- page 19 -

The image appears to be an aerial photograph showing a landscape covered in snow or ice. The terrain seems rugged and mountainous, with a mix of light and dark areas that suggest a complex topography. There are no obvious signs of human or artificial structures visible in the image.

CASE RECORD FOR PROJECT BLUE BOOK
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Sighting
DATE: September 8, 1966
LOCATION: Gwinner, North Dakota
WITNESS: Mr. Gwinner

On September 8, 1966, Mr. Gwinner reported sighting an unidentified flying object over Gwinner, North Dakota. The sighting occurred at approximately 8:15 PM.

Mr. Gwinner stated that he was outdoors at the time and observed a bright, disc-shaped object hovering in the sky. The object appeared to be metallic in nature and emitted a faint glow. It remained stationary for several minutes before suddenly accelerating and disappearing from view.

Mr. Gwinner reported the incident to the local authorities, who in turn notified the Air Force's Project Blue Book, the official government program for investigating UFO sightings. An investigation was launched, but no conclusive explanation for the sighting was determined.

The case has been classified as "Unidentified" in the Project Blue Book archives.

- page 20 -

The image appears to be a black and white aerial photograph showing a snowy, forested landscape. There is no visible human face or identification in the image.

Below is the text extracted from the document:

REPORT NO. GWINNER, NORTH DAKOTA
DATE 8 September 1966
SUBJECT: UFO OBSERVATIONS

1. On 8 September 1966, at approximately 1830 hours, I observed a bright light in the sky which appeared to change colors from white to red to green. The object appeared to be very high in the sky and was observed for several minutes before it disappeared.

2. The weather at the time of the observation was clear.

3. No sound was associated with the object.

4. I have no other details to report.

- page 21 -

The image appears to be an aerial photograph of a forested or heavily wooded area, with a detailed view of the landscape below. The image is in black and white, showing various patterns and textures created by the dense foliage and terrain. There are no obvious human-made structures or other elements visible in the image.

REPORT
CASE NO. 8293154
LOCATION: Gwinner, North Dakota
DATE: September 8, 1966
SUMMARY: On September 8, 1966, a resident of Gwinner, North Dakota reported seeing an unidentified flying object (UFO) in the sky. The witness, identified as Mr. Gwinner, described the object as a circular, metallic craft that hovered and maneuvered at a high rate of speed. Mr. Gwinner was able to take several photographs of the object before it disappeared.
DETAILS: According to the report, Mr. Gwinner was outdoors at his home in Gwinner, North Dakota when he observed a strange object in the sky. He described the object as circular in shape, approximately 50 feet in diameter, and metallic in appearance. The object was observed to hover and make rapid, erratic maneuvers before eventually disappearing at a high rate of speed.
Mr. Gwinner immediately retrieved his camera and was able to take several photographs of the UFO before it vanished. The photographs have been included in the case file and are currently being analyzed by Project Blue Book investigators.
The case is still under investigation, and no definitive conclusions have been reached regarding the nature or origin of the unidentified object. Further analysis of the photographic evidence and any additional witness testimony will be conducted to try to determine the source and purpose of the UFO sighting.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969.

The text in the document is as follows:

PTID (UTSDR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
7 November 1966

Gwinner, North Dakota 58040
Dear Mr. [redacted],

Reference your unidentified observation of 13 September 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. We require you complete the attached ATIC form 164.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

[Signature]
J.L. JORDAN, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document, specifically a questionnaire related to sighting of unidentified objects.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information obtained will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any of this information or conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
DEAD FALL SEPT. 17, 1966

2. Time of day: 8:30 Minutes: A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? AT APPROACH TO THE LANDING

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours: Minutes: Seconds: 3 Not very sure JUST A GUESS

5.1 How was the object's size determined? BY ITS SIZE AND DISTANCE

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No _____

6. What was the condition of the sky? 
DAY NIGHT
a. Clear
b. Partly Cloudy
c. Cloudy 

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you c. To your left
b. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

FTD GAFB 164 This form supersedes FTD 194, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document containing a questionnaire or survey about an unidentified object sighting.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
12. The edges of the object were:
13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)

The document appears to be a form or questionnaire that was likely used to gather information from individuals who reported seeing an unidentified object.

- page 25 -

The image contains a handwritten diagram and text, but no photograph. 

OCR output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)     Yes      No      Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what it went behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)      Yes     No      Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what it went in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound 
b. Color  
c. Size

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, what would you have found?
not legibly handwritten

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object they you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

handwritten drawing

- page 26 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire to be filled out by an observer of a UFO.

Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES    NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? about 500 to 600 mph

Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?  
(Circle One) YES    NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? about 3 to 4 miles from home

Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _________________

Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In town, country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over the country?
g. Other

IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     b. Northeast     c. East     d. Southeast     e. South     f. Southwest     g. West     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?  (Circle One)
YES        NO

Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Binoculars  Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes   No 
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window  Yes   No
e. Telescope   Yes   No
f. Theodolite   Yes   No
g. Other

In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
"to like a oval or cigar shaped object"

- page 27 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which seems to be a questionnaire or report related to a UFO sighting.

OCR Output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It was just disappearing. It went straight up, fast.

15. Did the object move behind something of any kind, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):     YES   (NO)        YES.  Two thirds of them..

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):     Yes   (No)   Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound...no sound, just went straight up.
b. Color...white, round, bright going.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil's length in line with a known object and try to match the object's angular size. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the match stick or pencil's length would have been covered by the object?
Maybe just that far [drawing of match/pencil and object].

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially if the object had trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing of an oblong or elliptical shaped object with a trail]
Transient course.

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which contains a series of questions and answer choices related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Estimated speed 1500 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Estimated distance 200 yrds.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/rural? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
c. Wind shield Yes No h. Other __________________
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. ________________________________________________________________________________

- page 29 -

