The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form filled out as part of a Project Blue Book report.

PROJECT 10069 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION
3 NOV 66 Blooming Grove, New York
3. SOURCE 10. CONCLUSION
Civilian Astro(67?)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
two Observer noted two objects that changed in
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION color, red changing to green changing to white back to
15-20 minutes red during the observation. The objects remained
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION stationary. The objects were observed for 15-20 minutes on
Ground visual a stationary course.
7. COURSE The description is consistent with that of an astro-
Stationary nomical observation. Without a definite azimuth of the
8. PHOTOS objects, it is difficult to definitely pinpoint the
XX No objects.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
XX No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing detailed descriptions and observations of a purported UFO sighting.

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: No definite shape
2. Size compared to a known object: About the size of a bright star
3. Color: Red changing to green, changing to white, back to red
4. Number: Two
5. Formation, if more than one: No definite formation
6. Any discernible features or details: None
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None observed
8. Sound: if heard, describe sound: None
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): Brightness and flashing of colors
2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: As it crossed the sky it was approximately 30 to 40 degrees elevation
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: Moved towards south or southwest and were still in view

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Erratic, hovering motions, moving rapidly to return to observation area.
5. How did the object(s) disappear: Suddenly observed to disappear.
6. How long (were) the object(s) visible: Observed for 15 or 20 minutes.
7. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground visual
2. Optical Aids: None
3. N/A
D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time -date group of sighting: 0152Z 4 Nov 1966
2. Light conditions: Night - very clear
E. Location of Observer(s): Box 43 Blooming Grove, New York
F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: Civilian
2. Name: [Redacted]
3. Age: Adult
4. Mailing Address: [Redacted], New York
5. Occupation: Secretary
6. Estimate of Reliability: I believe this to be a reliable estimate of what the observer saw.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document that describes the weather and wind conditions at the time and place of a UFO sighting.

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: Clear visibility, more than 15 miles.
2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office: Report for 1240 EST 8 Nov 1966: Sky condition - Clear visibility more than 15 miles. Winds 130 degrees at 5 knots. 
3. Ceiling: None
4. Visibility: More than 15 miles
5. Amount of cloud cover: None
6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: None
7. Vertical temperature gradient: 3.5° per 1000 feet.
H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition: None
I. Interception or Identification Action Taken: None

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that provides information about the location, position, and comments of the preparing officer, as well as the existence of physical evidence such as materials and photographs. 

Transcribed text from the document:

I. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloons release in the area which might possibly account for the sighting:
None

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer: 
John W. Cannon
Chief 4605th CRW
21-11 68 RESEARCH CMS

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:
None

- page 5 -

