The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a filled-out form providing details about a reported UFO sighting.

DATE · TIME GROUP: 3 May 65 / 0535Z
LOCATION: New Carlisle, Ohio
PROJECT 10073 RECORD: 10. CONCLUSION Astro(Moon)
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Few minutes
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
PHOTOS: 0 Yes 
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes

Observer noted a bright light in the sky at about 45 degrees altitude for several minutes behind some clouds. From noted location of sighting, it should have been a visual between the sea and clouds.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which is a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give us will be used in connection with your statement and that of any other witnesses, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
May 1966
2. Time of day:
12:55 A.M.
3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Farm, 5 miles east of New Carlisle, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours 0 Minutes 10 Seconds 00
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain 
b. Fairly certain
c. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Clear
b. Bright
c. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. Behind you d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FTD FORM 164 (supersedes FTD 164, Jul 55, which is obsolete.)

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to the sighting of a UFO or unidentified object.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Bright
b. Dim
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Fuzzy
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with several questions about the observed object.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
YES - Hazy Faded Away

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES: Cloud

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES: In front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Hum
b. Color: Yellowish White

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have not performed this experiment, estimate how much of the object would have been covered by the match head. 
As Large Match Head

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing, wings, tail, and especially, exhaust trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing of an elongated object with arrow pointing downward]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a series of questions and answer choices.

OCR output of the text in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
    (Circle One)    YES   NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
    (Circle One)    NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
    (Circle One)
    a. Inside a building
    b. In a car
    c. Outdoors
    d. In an airplane (type)
    e. At sea
    f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
    a. In the business section of a city?
    b. In the residential section of a city?
    c. In open country side?
    d. Near an isolated site?
    e. Flying over a city?
    f. Flying over a country?
    g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
    24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
        a. North     e. East
        b. Northeast   f. Southeast
        c. South     g. Southwest
        d. Northwest   h. West
    24.2 How fast were you moving? 
        miles per hour.
    24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
        YES   NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
    a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No
    b. Sun glasses     Yes   No 
    c. Windshield     Yes   No
    d. Window glass     Yes   No
    e. Binoculars     Yes   No
    f. Telescope     Yes   No
    g. Theodolite     Yes   No
    h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing text and sketches related to a UFO sighting.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve that represents the object above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve where you last saw the object.
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, THEN HOW MANY WERE THERE? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

Only one

- page 6 -

This image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph included on this page. The text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
21 c

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[REDACTED]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED] Last Name [REDACTED] First Name [REDACTED] Middle Initial
ADDRESS Street [REDACTED] City [REDACTED] Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED] AGE [REDACTED] SEX [REDACTED]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be relevant.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
5 5 1966 Month Year

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The page shows a form or questionnaire, with questions and instructions for completing it. The image does not contain any human faces or identifiable individuals.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 - 1 - 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific point questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

