Here is the text from the document:

DATE - TIME GROUP
13 Dec. 66   14:04:00Z

SOURCE
Civilian

NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Varied

TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual Bx

COURSE
Stationary

PHOTOS
□ Yes
[X] No

PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
[X] No

LOCATION
Boulder, Colorado

CONCLUSION
Astro(Sirius)
Sirius was rising on an azimuth of 115 degrees
just before the sightings.

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched a star like object in the Southeastern
sky for about 20 minutes. The colors were white, changing
to red, green, purple and blue. The object was still
visible after the 20 minute observation. The observer
was out watching the stars when the object was noted.

The description is consistent with that of an astronomical
observation. Sirius with a stellar magnitude of -1.5
is quite bright and when low on the horizon is often
mistaken for a UFO.

FORM
TD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

LING TECHNICAL AIR TRAINING CENTER (ATC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE, 80230, Colorado

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: XPOP                                                Date 13 Dec 66

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO:     FTD WPAFB (TDETR)
         Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, 45433

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information
will be filled in and then forwarded immediately to Plans/Program attention
XPOP.

a. Description of the Object(s):
   (1) Shape:           Similar to a star

   (2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms:
       head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball,
       grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length:
       Same as (1) above

   (3) Color:           White, changing to red, green, purple and blue

   (4) Number:          One

   (5) Formation, if more than one:   None

   (6) Any discernible features or details:   See (3) above

   (7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size
       of object(s):    None

   (8) Sound. If heard, describe sound:   None

   (9) Other pertinent or unusual features:   None


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

a. Description of Source of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
Watching the stars

(2) How long was object(s) observed.
Angle of elevation 40 - 45 degrees from horizon observed.

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
Same

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
None

(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.)
Still visible at time of report

(6) How long was the object(s) visible. (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc)
20 minutes

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, ground - electronic, air electronic. ( If electronic, specify type of radar.)
Ground visual

(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) used and description thereof.
Binoculars as well as naked eye

(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.
[blank]

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date-group of sighting.
0400-0420/14 Dec 66

2


- page 3 -

h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.
   Unknown

i. Interception or identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing Air Defense directives).
   None

j. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting.
   Unknown

k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).
   Controller LGP, TSgt Kuster, Unknown

l. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.
   Buckley Tower operator verified report - also contested light soft in local area and pilot also reported seeing object and both agreed it looked like a star except for the changed colors.

0455 - Buckley Base Ops received following info from Denver Center-as reported to that agency: Mr Earl Tubb, 27, 25th St., Boulder, Colo, reported sighting a cigar shaped object (side view) and was parked (though to be Southeast of Boulder) for approx 10 minutes (0415 - 0425). Color changed from red, green to yellow.

0445 - A Mr student DU, reported seeing same object as Mr with same description.

P.S. - I checked myself and could not locate object and the OQ on duty also checked and could not locate. (C4 is a qualified AF Weather Observer). I talked to Sgt Williams at approx 0935 and object was seen from his back yard.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

(2) Light conditions. (use on of the following terms: night, day, dawn, dusk)

e. Location of Observer(s). Exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position. A position with reference to a known landmark also should be given in electrical report, such as "2nd N of Beeville", "3 mi SW of Blue Lake". Typographical errors or "gerbling" often results in electrically transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

EXAMPLE: 89 45N, 192 71W for 39 45N, 102 21W.
Boulder, Colorado

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.

(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.
N/A

g. Weather and winds -- Aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions. Clear & Visibility 20 miles.
Surface winds South at 8 knots

(2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 15,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000' if available.

(3) Ceiling.

(4) Visibility.

(5) Amount of cloud cover.

(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located.

3


- page 5 -

