PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 8 September 66 09/0102

2. LOCATION: Clarksburg, West Virginia (Multiple)

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 70 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: NW

8. PHOTOS: ☐ Yes ☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: ☐ Yes ☒ No

10. CONCLUSION: Astro (ARCTURUS) ✓ Jpt

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observers watched an object in the western sky for over one hour before it disappeared to begin to move toward the NW. The object was spinning like a top and had lights flashing from 1 to 3 movements were similar to a helicopter-up and down side ways. It would completely black out at times and then reappear in a different place. ARCTURUS being a yellow-orange colored star with a stellar magnitude of approximately 0.2 is quite bright when low on the horizon. The available information is consistent with the characteristics of a star.

FORM: FTD SEP 63-332 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

I apologize, but the text in this image appears to be in a handwritten script that is extremely difficult to read. The writing looks like cursive or script from an older time period, and the text is densely written across the entire page. While I can see the writing clearly, I cannot confidently transcribe the text due to its complexity and style. At the bottom of the page, I can make out what appears to be "Shg/l/726" and "16-HF 103" but cannot reliably read the main body of text.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

just now the phenomenon pick up plane are always flying
over. At the time out here the plane the object dropped down
behind the trees & diving around. After the plane had passed
over it was constant then it was my finger the object
aggravated alone the trees way up & began moving south east
picking up speed. In a few seconds it was gone. It was the
last time. mystified, from now on what my sister had told me
about the object she had seen I don't directly to my neighbors
would tell. But I had given her my investigation also until it was
so utterly put out. She told me to report it to the papers. I
didn't do so in my vicinity. She editor I talked to at least half jokingly
said was not the second person to report it that same night. Having
no person present who could identify it we could do nothing,
although we got as much as possible as much in position as she that
on this object that has been seen by local residents & even one of
the relatives. The next day I sketched drawing was old my again
& found a Life magazine with pictures of some strange objects.
I found out on radio every half hour, in nearly other news, you're doing
so I decided to write to you. I tell you what I know. I know
my what I have will be new help or wish your search for
these... as pointing of these objects but I hope that you might
send me some information if you can about them.

Yours truly,
[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
8 Sept. 1966
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 7:30
(Circle One)   Hour    Minutes   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
            b. Central
            c. Mountain
            d. Pacific
            e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
            b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is redacted]
Clarksburg    W. Va.
City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    1    10
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

c. Certain    c. Not very sure
a. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? By a clock
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright        a. Bright
b. Cloudy        b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you    d. To your left
            b. In back of you    e. Overhead
            c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight or pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Metallic
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: [Handwritten text appears to say something about moonlight, partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other [blank space]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still or any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Float or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know are provided for each question]


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
Slowly, sort of fading out like a light getting dim, not just winking out.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: Seemed to slide behind & descend like hazy detached

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Somewhat like wind blowing, heard. No distinct sound
b. Color - Dull white, like gray, red, that glowing light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
I would say the object was all.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch of an irregular star-like shape with an arrow indicating movement]
It moved diagonally across sky.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About 1/2 to 3/4 mile in the air

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) _____________
e. At sea
f. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other (write in) near woods area

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                c. East                 e. South               g. West
b. Northeast           d. Southeast           f. Southwest          h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses         Yes   No    e. Binoculars         Yes   No
b. Sun glasses        Yes   No    f. Telescope          Yes   No
c. Windshield         Yes   No    g. Theodolite         Yes   No
d. Window glass       Yes   No    h. Other _____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

Co large things appearing approximately round with bright lights around it could be seen.


- page 7 -

27. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
    Cop?

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted text with some partially visible text like "Clarksburg, W. Va."]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Partially visible: Clarksburg, Zone, State]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 35   SEX Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent:
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible, but appears to discuss some personal background]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day [Blank]   September   1966   Year
[Partially illegible additional text about reporting]

Page 6 is visible at the top right of the document.


- page 9 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 Oct/Nov 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The rest of the text is a handwritten narrative that appears to describe some kind of sighting or event, but due to the handwritten nature, some words are difficult to decipher completely. The text discusses something about a location near Clarksburg, a mail route, and some kind of unusual occurrence involving lights and movement. The writing continues across multiple lines with some words being partially illegible.]


- page 10 -

FTD (TWSTR) HQ
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
27 September 1966

Mrs.
Nutter Fort, West Virginia 26303

Dear Mrs.

Reference your unidentified observation of 8 September 1966.
This information which we have received is not sufficient for
evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164
and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the
Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 11 -

