PROJECT 1007 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
27 July 66 28/0320Z

2. LOCATION
Memphis, Tenn (3 Witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 minute

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NE

8. PHOTOS
O Yes
XXNo

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
O Yes
XXNo

10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft (WITH MISLEADING DATA) Prob. Junk

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers not as hostile, oblong, shaped object from which a continuous light was visible, beneath this was a "yellow" disc turned as a saucer or saucer-like speed, passing in and out of the frostal lift range, with slight to no "blink". No other data available. There were 3 aircraft in the Memphis area prior to or at rapid air photo sighting in the Memphis area prior to aircraft.

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-129 (TDE)


- page 1 -

FROM:
Commanding Officer, U. S. Naval Air Station (841)
Memphis, Tennessee 38115

TO:
Headquarters, U. S. Air Force, Washington, D.C.

VIA:

SUBJ: Unidentified flying object; report of

REF:

ENCL: (1) Copy of Chief, Memphis Tower, FAA, Airport Traffic Control Tower, Memphis, Tenn. 1st of 24 Aug 1966 (with attachments)

[The rest of the form contains various checkboxes and sections, but most are not marked. The bottom of the document shows:]

COPY TO: Chief, Memphis Tower, FAA
           Airport Traffic Control Tower
           Memphis, Tennessee

SIGNATURE [signed]
By direction

E-Z LETTER CHATRA-GEN 5216/1 (Rev. 6-63)

CODE: ADSC
DATE: 31 AUG 1966


- page 2 -

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
Airport Traffic Control Tower
P. O. Box 30050
Memphis, Tennessee

August 24, 1966

Commanding Officer
U. S. Naval Air Station
Memphis, Tennessee

Dear Sir:

In accordance with current instructions which require that all unidentified flying object reports be referred to military officials, the attached report is forwarded for your information and any action you deem appropriate.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]
James P. Arthur
Chief, Memphis Tower


- page 3 -

Airport Traffic Control Tower
P. O. Box 20050
Memphis, Tennessee

August 24, 1966

Mr. [redacted]
[redacted], Louisiana  Apt. 31-C

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This is in reply to your letter of August 12, 1966, concerning an unknown flying object observed by you in the vicinity of Memphis, Tennessee. I regret the tardiness of this reply unfortunately, a discrepancy in the address and my absence from Memphis for several days delayed receipt of your letter.

The established procedure for handling UFO reports is to refer then to the nearest military base for investigation. However, in this particular instance I feel the circumstances warrant my assisting you personally.

During the period prior to 30 July 1966, the Aero-Lite Company was conducting aerial advertising activities in the Memphis area. They use a modified Cessna with a large frame or platform mounted underneath between the landing gear and the tailwheel. This frame is approximately 30 feet. It is actually a screen containing hundreds of tiny light bulbs. Using the platform for aerial profile they are able to display moving advertising slogans or messages. However, the display to be legible must be viewed when almost directly overhead. So far as I have been able to determine, this is a newly designed piece of equipment and the only one in operation at this time.

Viewed from the angle at which you observed it I believe it could have presented the appearance you described. I base this assumption on the fact that the first night it appeared in Memphis the aerial tower control room received over 50 telephone calls. The descriptions received were not in as good detail as yours but did describe a similar appearance dependent on the angle from which it was observed.

Since I cannot be sure that this was the object you observed, I am forwarding a copy of your report to the appropriate military authorities for further investigation and processing. In answer to your offer, I would appreciate...

[Note: The last sentence appears to be cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 4 -

the sketches you made of the object. After study I will return them to you
if you so desire.

Your report is appreciated and should you again be in the Memphis area I
want to extend you and your family an invitation to visit the FAA Control
Tower and Terminal Radar Facility at Memphis Metropolitan Airport. It is
one of the most modern installations of its type in the country, and it would
be a pleasure for me to show it to you.

Sincerely yours,

Original signed by
Chief, Memphis Tower

cc:
Commanding Officer
U. S. Naval Air Station
Memphis, Tennessee


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Federal Aviation Agency
Memphis Airport
Air Traffic Control Tower
Memphis, Tennessee

Gentlemen:

On July 27, 1966, at 9:30 P.M., while driving on Interstate 55 just south of Memphis, I, along with my wife and daughter, saw what appeared to us to be a "flying saucer". This object was approximately 200 feet for us, over the highway, at an upward angle, and we were able to observe this object for approximately 1 minute in great detail.

This object was approximately 40-50 feet in diameter, the main portion being black, with one small red light on the upper left side (as it was facing us). This light did not blink. The black portion was a slightly more oblong in shape than round. Underneath this slightly elongated portion was a smaller section of the object that appeared to be completely round in shape. This section appeared to have a glass area (more or less frosted) from which a continuous light was shining. Beneath this was a "rotor" which turned as a more rare speed, passing in front of the frosted light panel, causing this light to "blink". The rotor was not turning at a high rate of speed either at the time that the object was almost stationary above us nor when it left our field of vision. There was no sign of power, such as jets, propellers, etc. We could detect no noise from the car, but it is possible that there was some noise associated with it that we were unable to detect because of the air-conditioning and the fact that all windows in the car were closed. After approximately 1 minute, this object left our immediate range of vision, flying away from us toward and over part of Memphis.

The document is dated August 12, 1966 and has a stamp showing AUG 17 1966.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

American Arts

Page Two

Please be advised that immediately after this craft left our vicinity, we sighted an airplane at much higher altitude, and were able to make a comparison of these two crafts. There was definitely no question in our minds that the object we saw was NOT an airplane of any type known to us. I have made sketches of this craft, and would be pleased to forward same to you for your study.

In view of the above description, I would appreciate hearing from you as to whether or not a craft of this nature is known to your office. Also, please advise if any other sightings of this object were reported to your office.

Thank you for your consideration of this matter.

Sincerely,

HGW:bw


- page 7 -

