PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
3 August 66 03/054SZ

2. LOCATION
Wilmette, Illinois (2 Witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilians

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1. One
2. Three

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Varied

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual (EX)

7. COURSE
E

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (CAPELLA) (HAN) (JUPITER, VENUS, MARS) (HAN)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

UFO Report: Sighting of August 3, 1966 by Mr. and Mrs. [redacted], Avenue, Wilmette, Illinois.

Mrs. [redacted] (soft "g") is a secretary at the School of Education, Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois. Mr. [redacted] Director of Communications, Illinois State Toll Road.

The Sighting: At about 0045, August 3, 1966, they were preparing for bed after an evening of editing slides. Mrs. [redacted] looked out the bedroom window and noticed a bright object that appeared stationary. It was flickering, changing brightness erratically and showing faint flashes of red and green light. It seemed slightly elongated to the naked eye.

Mrs. [redacted] called her husband's attention to it, and he agreed that it was not moving; he went to get his 7 x 50 binoculars. In the binoculars (which presented, apparently, some difficulty in focusing, since Mrs. [redacted] said something to the effect of "When he finally got the things focussed...") the object appeared as a green dome or flare above, a red dome or flare below, both flickering, and a horizontal row of lights between. Mrs. [redacted] had previously told the investigator that both of them had counted six, but the night of the interview Mr. [redacted] modified the number to "three or four" (he had heard of Mrs. [redacted] later sighting only that evening - see later).

The object was located forty degrees east of north, and fifteen degrees up from the horizon, by rough fist-measurement by the investigator; the landmark was the top of a nearby chimney which the object was very close to during the sighting. The window faced straight north.

During the hour of the sighting, the object moved "five or six degrees" toward the east. Finally the Beloungs went to bed. At about 0445, Mrs. [redacted]


- page 2 -

Sighting                                Page 2                                August 3, 1966

awoke, and decided to look and see if the object were still there. By standing very close to the window and looking east with the field glasses, she immediately saw three groups of three objects each, very bright, interpreted as much closer than the previous object. She was frightened at first, because of the great increase in brightness and the appearance of more objects. They remained perfectly motionless (the field-glasses were at this time pressed against the window frame). Mrs. finally went back to bed, her husband not getting up to see the objects. At 0645, the sun was right where she had seen the objects, and they were no longer visible.

After hearing the witnesses' stories, the investigator asked to see the bedroom from which the sightings were made. The chimney was pointed out, and the approximate location of the first object determined. The investigator, checking for possible reflections, asked if the window opened: the sighting was through the right-hand half of the window, which opened by sliding to the left (west). Mr. demonstrated how he lay back across the bed, and watched the object with the binoculars for an extended period; Mrs. also demonstrated how she observed the object. Both were looking through the right-hand pane, the half that opened, and was open that night. That window section was screened, and the investigator noticed that some street-lights showed a cross-shaped distribution of reflections off the wires of the screen.

He pointed this out to the witnesses, and asked them to look at the street-lights through the binoculars. Mrs. said immediately, "Why, that's just how the object looked!" She was quite amazed. Mr. then tried the glasses. Mr. tried the glasses, and agreed that the effect was the same. In the glasses definite diffraction colors could be seen in


- page 3 -

Belongy Sighting                                Page 3                                August 3, 1966

both directions; predominantly red and green. The light was flanked with a row of images on each side, and above and below to a somewhat lesser extent.

The glasses were then tried on an airplane's running-lights, with even more pronounced agreement from Mrs. [redacted] that the effect of multiple images was like that of the previous night, although the color was different. The witnesses were shown how the appearance changed when the line of sight was moved so it passed through the other half of the window, which did not open and hence had no screen.

Mrs. [redacted] demonstrated how she observed the objects at 0445; she looked through the screened half of the window, nearly parallel to the screen, under these conditions, the diffraction effect horizontally would have been much greater. Note that the three objects were each seen in triplicate; although Mrs. [redacted] interpreted the faintest ones as being farthest away, she drew all three sets with identical spacing, indicating a lack of perspective.

When this was pointed out, she corrected the drawing, or rather indicated a correction, which the investigator made.

Conclusion: The first object was probably Capella, which is nearly circumpolar at this latitude, and at the time of the sighting was moving up and to the right, mostly to the right, or east. The flickering was scintillation; the diffraction effect in the binoculars tended strongly to accentuate and separate the red and green colors actually present in the scintillating starlight. The up-and-down and side-to-side movement noticed was probably an effect of unsteadiness in holding the field-glasses; Mrs. [redacted] while watching the airplane exclaimed that it, too, was showing the same sort of motion, indicating clearly that she was unaware of the motion of the binoculars.


- page 4 -

Beloungy Sighting                     Page 4                     August 3, 1966

and that she attributed the motion to the airplane she was watching (this was
during the investigation). Neither witness had been aware of the effect of the
screen, and both agreed that the appearance of distant lights through the screen
was closely similar to the first object seen the previous night.

The second objects seen by Mrs. [redacted] were probably the cluster of
planets that is now prominent in the morning sky: Jupiter, Venus, and Mars are
very close together, and at this writing (August 4) are drawing closer. The
direction is obviously correct, since Jupiter never departs far from the ecliptic,
and at 0645 the sun was reported as being right where the objects had been,
therefore, they were on the ecliptic. The tripling of the objects was undoubt-
edly due to the extreme angle of view through the screen, which would greatly
increase the diffraction effect horizontally while not changing it appreciably
in the vertical direction.

Mrs. [redacted] was impressed by the great brightness of the objects on
the second sighting; by implication, therefore, the first object was much dimmer
than the brightest of the three objects, Venus. Capella has a magnitude of +1,
and is indeed fainter than Venus, but is still very bright as stars go.

We may conclude with considerable assurance that the sighting involved
astronomical objects only.


- page 5 -

