PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 4 February 1966 04/1002Z
2. LOCATION: Atlanta, Georgia (1 Witness)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: NE
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: As observer passed window she spotted light object moving back and forth four times and then headed toward them and disappeared behind a tree. The object drew observer in to look at it.

FORM: FTD SEP 61 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   (NO)
31.1 IF You answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Ave N.E.   City [redacted]   Zone 7   Ga.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 17   SEX F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I have had earth science this year, and we have learned many things. This UFO beats anything I have learned this year. Nothing I have ever seen before can match the UFO's description.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Seventh   Feb.   1966   Dobbins Air Force man there he took my name & telephone #
said he would send someone to see me. Nobody come or called.


- page 2 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    20th   May    1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The object drew me in to look at it. I turned (illegible) the stone off the day (after midnight) and my brother came in my room and told me he heard something downstairs. I went downstairs and turned the lights on the stone off. I looked out the window because you can't go in the kitchen without seeing out the window and I saw it. I turned the stone off. It was still there still I looked at it, it drew me in it looking at it, then it moved back and forth and was gone.

I got sick I nearly fainted I had to sit down. I told my family, my people at school, and (illegible) and everyone thought I was nuts. I really did see this. It made me faint nearly within seconds, it was nothing like I had ever seen before.

Please write back and tell me how the (illegible) came out. It was like the thing wanted me to come downstairs to (illegible)

Thank you

Page 7


- page 3 -

HQ (TDEN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
18 May 1966

[Redacted address line]

Dear Mr. [Redacted]:

Reference your unidentified observation of 4 February 1966. The information in your letter of 6 May 1966 was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 4 -

May 6, 1966

Miss [redacted]
Leon Ave N.E. 30367
Atlanta, Georgia

Dear Sirs:

One morning on the morning of Feb. 4 on Friday I was sleeping. My brother said he heard something downstairs. So I got up and went downstairs the stove timer was on. I couldn't have been on because I had turned the stove off that afternoon.

I went downstairs turned off the stove and something caught my eye as I passed the window. The UFO made me look right into it for a while. The UFO was gray or silver in color. It was holding me and I felt faint. The object moved back and forth four times and then headed toward the west and disappeared. The UFO was nothing like I had ever seen before.

I reported my UFO to Dobbins Air Force Base in Marietta, Georgia and the main that I talked to took my name my telephone number and said he would send someone to talk to me. I never heard from them again.

I read in Reader's Digest last Night in the May Issue about Your reassearch you people are doing. So I thought I would send you the information myself rather than let Dobbins Air Force Base I really don't think they believe me.

Please right back and tell me what you think of what I saw. I know that it was some fluing object. It moved back and forth four times.

On the other sheet of paper I have drawn what I saw.

Yours Truly,
[signature redacted]

THE SCHOOL CANNOT LIVE APART FROM THE COMMUNITY


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Shape of what I saw

"THE SCHOOL CANNOT LIVE APART FROM THE COMMUNITY"

There is also a seal/emblem at the top of the page, but the text on it is not clearly legible. The page contains a hand-drawn jagged star or starburst-like shape in the center of the document.


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Fourth Feb. 19 66
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 5 o'clock
               Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
              b. Central
              c. Mountain
              d. Pacific
              e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
              b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: [Redacted]   Atlanta    Georgia
                                    City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours    3    Minutes    Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
                     d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
I turned and saw it before state police turned the "close in" at 4:30 a.m.

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes ✓    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright   clear
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

e. Light
It appeared more solid
than shiny light
than ever I saw before

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Nothing like a star before don't know
Maybe like a bright lamp with

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It moved from west to east 3 times then went away. I was looking at it then it was gone. (disappeared)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ___ behind _______ cloud or other object

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ___________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Whizzing, none can hear, like a high pitched sound
b. Color: Bright, white, silver, bright light glistening)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in-line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The only part covered would be the match head. It wouldn't have covered it except match head itself. It wouldn't give definite UFO.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with arrows indicating movement, with a note: "still - then moved back and forth west to east 3 times"]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   300 ft. up

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building - my house Kitchen
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other   in my kitchen at home

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East               e. South             g. West
b. Northeast            d. Southeast          f. Southwest         h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes   No     f. Telescope          Yes   No
b. Sun glasses          Yes   No     g. Theodolite         Yes   No
c. Windshield           Yes   No     h. Other              Yes   No
d. Window glass         Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

No common object I know of would be like what I saw. Solid object lighted - size big - shaped like a huge


- page 10 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

3 times west to east
then gone

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? _______
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 11 -

