PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE-TIME GROUP
4 Sept. 66   2330Z

2. LOCATION
Roscoe, New York
one witness

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft(possible)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted a bluish-silver colored object move at a slow speed toward the south. The object disappeared behind a cloud after being viewed for about 20 seconds. The object seemed to give off a bluish contrail from all parts.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

The description is consistent with that of aircraft observation. The area has many airways over the area. From the submitted data it appears that the witness saw an aircraft on J-5 airport to Kennedy airport.

7. COURSE
southward

8. PHOTOS
0 Yes
XX No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
0 Yes
XX No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Poss a/c
4 Sep 66     Roscoe, N.Y.

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: Roughly the shape of a soft drink bottle

2. Size compared to a know object:
about half the size of a soft drink bottle(old) glass bottle

3. Color: Dull silver

4. Number: One

5. Formation, if more than one:
N/a

6. Any discernible features or details:
None

7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s):
Seemed to give off a bluish central from all parts

8. Sound; if heard, describe sound:
None

9. Other pertinent or unusual features:
None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s):
other people watching

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed:
[text is illegible]

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:
CC level being close


- page 2 -

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s):
[partially illegible text]

5. How did the object(s) disappear:
Behind cloud

6. How long (were) the object(s) visible:
20 seconds

C. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground visual

2. Optical Aids:
[blank]

3. [blank]

D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting:
Sept. 66 23522

2. Light conditions:
Cloudy but still very light

E. Location of Observer(s):
Road construction near Roscoe, New York

F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: Civilian
2. Name: [blacked out]
3. Age: Adult
4. Mailing Address: [partially blacked out], New York
5. Occupation: [partially blacked out]
6. Estimate of Reliability: After initial bright object, considered quite reliable


- page 3 -

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:

1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions:
Visibility: good - light clouds

2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office:
Report taken from files of 12th weather squadron (MAC)
Stewart, New York

Report for time in question:
5000' scattered     7000' overcast 2 miles visibility

3. Ceiling: 7000' overcast

4. Visibility: 2 miles at Stewart

5. Amount of cloud cover: Overcast

6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: Thunderstorms
Forecast for all quadrants: 25C-C-26C2.

7. Vertical temperature gradient: No data available

H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition: None

I. Interception or Identification Action Taken: None

3


- page 4 -

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting:
1. V-34 Northwest to South East approximately 3 miles south of Roscoe.
2. V-34 SW to SE approximately 1 miles miles west of Roscoe.
3. C-63 Northwest to Southeast approximately 8 miles west of Roscoe.

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
Due to the limited initial conditions I believe this to have been a multi-engine Jet on C-63 enroute to Kennedy airport.

John A. Gannon
Capt. USAF
Flight 4520th GSS

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:
None

4


- page 5 -

