PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
9 & 30 AUG 66

2. LOCATION
Big Fork and Yellowstone National Park, Montana

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Insufficient data for evaluation

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer has observed on two different occasions a star like object come from the western sky and in one case travel toward the north end and in another travel toward the south. In both occasions the object exhibited a steady unvarying motion with steady unvarying brightness and color. In both occasions the object appeared only as a source of light.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
1. north
2. south

Due to the time lapse before the observations were reported to the AIR FORCE a comprehensive evaluation is not possible.

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
PTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

WISCONSIN STATE UNIVERSITY
CAMPUS LABORATORY SCHOOL
STEVENS POINT, WISCONSIN 54481

Dear Sirs:                                                                Nov. 14, 1966

Enclosed are two copies of reports which I filed with NICAP. Aware of your official policy in regards to UFO reports, I did not intend to notify you of my sightings. However, upon reflection, I decided that you might find my and your policy of action may differ - in other words I tend to believe now that you are seriously interested in UFO reports and that anything I can contribute may be of value to you and to our nation. I don't care to receive an answer from you, which would be doubtful anyway. I am sure the only kind of response you would make regardless of the accuracy of the report would be one of ridicule or some asinine attempt to explain them as weather balloons, the planet Venus, or as an airplane.

I have often wondered if you are aware of the ridiculous position you put the Air Force in by lying about various aspects of UFO sightings such as denying the fact that there has been radar trackings of UFO's. I am seriously concerned about your public position about UFO's and am hopeful that you will eventually release truthful information about them. Remember gentlemen, there is more than one way to lie - you can also do it by omission, or by playing with technicalities.

In case your first reaction to my report is one of doubt, let me say a word about myself. I have been seriously interested in UFO's since 1947 when Kenneth Arnold spotted UFO's over the State of Washington. Up until about a year ago I always maintained an element of doubt about their actual existence. I have always wanted to see one but never let this interest turn desire into a sighting. Airplanes have always turned out to be airplanes, planets remained planets. It took me 19 years to see something that firmly convinced me that I may be a UFO. So don't attempt to explain my sighting as wishful thinking. In any event, they are enclosed and I hope they will prove to be of some value to you - only in the determination of world pattern of movement or interest.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]


- page 2 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue, N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.

After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use another sheet of paper. Please print or typewrite. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name: [redacted]
   Address: [redacted]
   Place of Employment: Wisc. State University
   Occupation: Instructor
   Education: B.S. Degree, M.S. Degree
   Special Training: [redacted]
   Military Service: USNC 1945-46, USNC 1955-51

2. Date of Observation: Aug 30, 1966
3. Locality of Observation: Old Faithful, Yellowstone Nat. Park
4. How long did you see the object?: 5 Hours 5 Minutes Seconds
5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky; i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc.: Very clear, night sky
6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you: [No text in this field]
7. If seen at night, twilight, or dawn, were the stars or moon visible?: Moon very bright, stars very clear and bright
8. Were there more than one object?: one
9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (they) appear solid, or only as a source of light; was it revolving, etc?: As source of light only, no details
10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky?: The object appeared as bright as the stars
11. If so, brightest what, and how bright, etc.: [No additional text]
12. Did the object(s) - None of the items listed.
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?: The object maintained a steady brightness, but did not exhibit an unsteady, somewhat erratic lateral motion while processing in a straight direction.
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away on any side?
    c. Break up into parts or explode?
    d. Give off smoke?
    e. Leave any visible trail?: After turning South, the light gradually dimmed and was extinguished while in clear sky with no clouds or other obstructions obliterating the view.
    f. Drop anything?
    g. Change brightness?
    h. Change shape?
    i. Change color?

13. Did the object(s) at any time pass in front of, or behind of, anything? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc. if possible.: No, but it did pass close to other stars which proved its movement.
14. Was there any wind?: no
15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other aid, windshield, windowpane, storm window, screening, etc?: No
16. If so, what?: I was standing in a clearing with other people waiting
17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) - Very bright - looking very much like any other bright star
    a. Fuzzy or blurred.
    b. Like a bright star.
    c. Sharply outlined.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

18. Was the object—
    a. Self-luminous?
    b. Dull finish?
    c. Reflecting?
    d. Transparent?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? It rose only in relation to the horizon

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
    a. Pinhead     d. Nickel     g. Orange
    b. Pea         e. Half dollar    h. Grapefruit
    c. Dime        f. Silver dollar   i. Larger

    No relationship was made, the best description of size is that it was the size of a star.

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? After a previous observation of a UFO I scanned the sky, particularly while in Yellowstone, this a few miles lights.

22. Who else saw the object? My 9 year old son, and other people waiting at the same location.

23. Describe the incident in detail: I was in Yellowstone National Park awaiting Old Faithful.

24. Continued: It made a 90 degree turn and after heading South while I was watching, it disappeared.

25. Were there any conventional explanation for the location of the object immediately afterward? If so, please elaborate. None.

26. Please estimate the distance of the object(s). Impossible, as it was only a light source.

27. Where was the elevation of the object(s) in the sky? Please mark on this hemisphere sketch: [includes a small sketch with "First seen" noted]

28. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any. My 9 year old son's, and other people waiting at the same location.

29. Describe the direction of the course over the area, roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile. [includes a compass rose sketch with labeled points]

30. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or other aircraft base nearby? [No text response]

31. Have you seen other objects of an unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations. None that I know of.

32. Please enclose photographs, motion pictures, news clipping, notes of radio or television program. Include time, station and date, if possible, regarding this or similar observations, or any other background material. We will return the material to you.

33. Were you interviewed by Air Force investigators by any other federal, state, county, or local officials? If so, please state the name of the title of the agent, his office, and details as to where and when the questioning took place. None — I did not report it to the Air Force.

34. We would like permission to quote your name in connection with this report. This action will encourage other responsible citizens to report similar observations to NICAP. However, if you prefer, we will keep your name confidential. Please note your choice by checking the proper statement below. In any case, please fill in all parts of the form, for our own confidential files.

    You may use my name.    ( X )    Please keep my name confidential.    ( )

35. Date of filling out this report: Oct. 18, 1966    [Signature redacted]


- page 4 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Avenue N. W.
Washington 6, D. C.

REPORT ON UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)

This form includes questions asked by the United States Air Force and by other Armed Forces' investigating agencies, and additional questions to which answers are needed for full evaluation by NICAP.

After all the information has been fully studied, the conclusion of our Evaluation Panel will be published by NICAP in its regularly issued magazine or in another publication. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. Should you need additional room, please use another sheet of paper. Typewrite if possible. Your assistance is of great value and is genuinely appreciated. Thank you.

1. Name [redacted]
   Address [redacted], Stevens Point, Wisc.

   Place of Employment Misc. State University
   Occupation Instructor
   Education B.S. Degree, M.S. Degree
   Special Training USMC 1945-1946 (Hawaii)
   Military Service USMC 1950-1951 (Korea)

2. Date of Observation August 9, 1966    Time 4:10 AM    Time Zone Mt.

3. Locality of Observation Big Fork, Montana

4. How long did you see the object?    Hours 15    Minutes    Seconds

5. Please describe weather conditions and the type of sky, i.e., bright daylight, nighttime, dusk, etc.
   Clear weather, some clouds, bright stars, not aware of moon if it was visible

6. Position of the Sun or Moon in relation to the object and to you.
   Moon was not visible; sun just beginning to rise; object was overhead

7. If seen slightly, how or down, were the stars or moon visible?
   No, object been just before sunrise; stars visible very bright, moon not noticed

8. Were there any other objects in the sky at the same time?
   If so, please tell how many, and draw a sketch of what you saw, indicating direction of movement, if any.
   [No additional text provided for this section]

9. Please describe the object(s) in detail. For instance, did it (were they) appear solid, metallic, or transparent, or like a ball of fire, etc?
   Object appeared only as a bright star of tricky, bright nature

10. Was the object(s) brighter than the background of the sky?
    Object appeared as bright as the brightest star.

11. If so, compare the brightness with the Sun, Moon, headlights, etc.
    30° above

12. Did the object(s) — None of the listed items.
    The object exhibited a steady unvarying motion with steady unvarying brightness and color. Only change was a 90 degrees turn to its left (North).

13. Did the object(s) stay stationary in front of behind trees, limbs, or clouds? If so, please elaborate giving distance, size, etc., if possible.
    The object passed behind trees limbs and clouds.

14. Was the wind: none    If so, please give direction and speed.

15. Did you observe the object(s) through an optical instrument or other side windshield, windpane, torn window after moving into a clearing away from nearby trees.

16. Did the object(s) have any sound?    none    What kind?    How loud?

17. Please tell if the object(s) was (were) —
    a. Fuzzy or blurred.
    b. Like a bright star.
    c. Sharply outlined.
    The object can only be described as like a very bright star


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

18. We the object — Self luminous
    a. Self-luminous?
    b. Dull faintly?
    c. Reflecting?
    d. Transparent?

19. Did the object(s) rise or fall while in motion? No, it rose only in relation to the horizon.

20. Tell the apparent size of the object(s) when compared with the following held at arm's length:
    a. Pinhead     d. Nickel     g. Orange
    b. Pea         e. Half dollar   h. Grapefruit
    c. Dime        f. Silver dollar   i. Larger

    Or, if easier, give apparent size in inches on a ruler held at arm's length.

21. How did you happen to notice the object(s)? While gazing across the lake through the trees

22. I noticed a star that seemed to be moving up from the horizon

23. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Standing just off a lake shore waiting for

24. How did the object(s) disappear from view? When it turned approximately North it entered

25. the dawning sky, not simply down, but seemed to appear almost instantaneously.

26. Compare the speed of the object(s) with the speed of a jet cruising at very high altitudes.

27. It seemed to vanish almost instantaneously. No sound was heard. It was very quiet and no sound of any kind was heard.

28. Were you able to estimate the distance of the object(s)? Impossible to do as it was a

29. moving light only.

30. Names and addresses of other witnesses, if any: None

31. Please draw a map of the locality of the observation showing North your position; the direction from which the object(s) appeared and disappeared from view; the direction of its course over the area, roads, towns, villages, railroads, and other landmarks within a mile.
    [A hand-drawn map is included with labels: N, Bigfork Montana, my location, Flathead Lake]

32. Is there an airport, military, governmental, or research installation in the area? I don't know.

33. Have you seen other objects of unidentified nature? If so, please describe these observations, using a separate sheet of paper.

34. [Various instructions about reporting and confidentiality]

35. Date of filling out this report: Oct. 18, 1966


- page 6 -

Proposed reply to letter from [redacted] 14 November 1966

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Reference your letter of 14 November 1966 concerning your two observations. In the past three years as chief of Project Blue Book, I have never ridiculed anyone to my knowledge. I honestly believe that individuals must witness an unusual phenomena or else they would not take the time and trouble to report the observation. I know of no lying or withholding of information by the Air Force in regards to the UFO problem; this is a major misconception that has plagued the Project for years.

I want to stress that the Air Force finds itself involved with only subjective data. The only information on which to make a scientific study is that of an observer's own experience or an observer's interpretation of an experience. In no case has there been an instance where sightings have furnished scientific and technological data that could be channeled to Research and Development for their study and utilization. UFOs exist in reports only; there has been no conclusive evidence submitted to or discovered by the Air Force that our planet is being visited by extraterrestrial vehicles.

In regards to your observations, the lapse of time involved before reporting the sightings to the Air Force precludes a comprehensive evaluation. The information will most certainly be added to the present data base.

Thank you for reporting your observations to the Air Force.

[Signature and date: 3 Feb 67]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Q-130 Aug 66
Big Fork and Yellowstone National Park
8 February 1967
Montana

TDET/UFO

Request for UFO Information

USAF (SAFDIOC)

Reference the attached letters requesting information on unidentified flying objects. Proposed replies have been prepared and are with their respective letters.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

12 Atchs
1. Ltr, 14 Nov 66 (undated)
2. Ltr, (undated)
3. Ltr, 31 Jan 67 (undated)
4. Ltr, (undated)
5. Ltr, (undated)
6. Ltr, (undated)
7. Ltr, 20 Jan 67
8. Ltr, 25 Nov 66 (undated)
9. Ltr, (undated)
10. Ltr, 27 Dec 66
11. Ltr, 11 Jan 67
12. Ltr, 6 Jan 67


- page 8 -

