The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form for a Project 10073 Record, which includes details such as the date, time group, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, and information about physical evidence. The text is formatted in a tabular layout and there are no other visual elements besides the form structure.

Project 10073 Record
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 27 May 66, 28/0331OZ
2. LOCATION: Huber Hts., Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: East
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report document.

Text extracted from the document:

PID (UFDER)
LT COL-ASON AFB, OHIO 45433
17 JUN 1966

Dayton, Ohio

Dear [ ]

Reference your unidentified observation of 27 May 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient
for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PID
form 16d and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this image from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. The image shows a filled-out questionnaire form for reporting UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION 
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any information.

1. When did you see the object? 2-7-66 
2. Time of day: 10 : 10 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Huber Hts., Ohio 
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? b. Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One) Night: a. Bright b. Hazy c. Cloudy 
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right of you c. To the back of you d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice co-cerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow 
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Still  b. As a light  c. Solid  d. Luminous  e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter  b. Dimmer  c. About the same  d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred  b. Like a bright star  c. Other  d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Make any sudden or abrupt change in direction?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

The text in the document has been reproduced verbatim.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a UFO report document, containing questions and handwritten responses.

Looking Glass and star about one inch up in sky, moving west to east
First blue color then red color
Do not know
Do not know
Look like star or satellites one up in sky move fast, west to east

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically Project Blue Book, that contains a questionnaire or form for the observer to fill out.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airport? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? ________________ miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses YES NO b. Sun glasses YES NO c. Windshield YES NO d. Window glass YES NO e. Binoculars YES NO f. Telescope YES NO g. Theodolite YES NO h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram with a compass and sketches. The diagram appears to be part of a document from Project Blue Book, an Air Force investigation into UFO reports.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph visible in this image, only a form with questions and blank spaces for responses.

OCR Output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
I have seen similar objects in the same area.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Huber Hts.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
would like to know what
was sighted

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 8 -

