The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or report from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Project 10073 Record
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 15 SEP 66 1623352
2. LOCATION: Garrett, Indiana (2 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: No data presented to indicate object could not have been a conventional aircraft
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (Aircraft)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer watched a bright orange-reddish object traveling toward the north for approx. 20 seconds. Compared the object to a flashlight with a red end.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

I've read through the text in the document and transcribed it as follows:

I've not written any report yet and I am convinced that UFOs are not from this world and I think 1 may have landed in my yard on 9-14-64. Please send me much info on reports and anything I can do in the matter.

Second UFO in 9-14-64

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can. The information that you provide will be used in connection with the investigation of this incident and may be included in statistical data, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information only so that it is deemed necessary for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
15 SEPTEMBER 1966  

2. Time of day: 7:55 
Hour  A.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object? GARRETT

5. How long was object in sight? (State Duration) 3 MINUTES

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY    b. NIGHT

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you  b. To your right  c. To your left  d. Behind you

FORM FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None
b. A few
c. Many
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moon/light
b. Dull moon/light
c. No moon

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky
b. Partly cloudy
c. Mostly clouded
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter then the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Sharp, clearly defined
b. Fuzzy, blurred
c. Very bright star
d. Other _________________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes/No/Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes/No/Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes/No/Don't know
d. Give off any sound? Yes/No/Don't know
e. Change in brightness? Yes/No/Don't know
f. Flash or flare up? Yes/No/Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes/No/Don't know

- page 4 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It does not contain any photographs, only text and diagrams.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes , it went out of sight slowly
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered in front of:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. 
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: no noise
b. Color: it was bright, bright orange
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object as far as you can, the farther you can see the object the better.* How much of the object is covered by the match head?  All of it
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing any distinguishing features such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially indicate trails or motion. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions for the observer to answer.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. In your home b. In a building c. In a car d. Outdoors e. In an airplane (type) f. At sea
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a town or city? b. In the residential section of a town or city? c. In open country/side? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? mph 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Wind-shield Yes No d. Window-glass Yes No e. Other
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as that which you observed.

- page 6 -

The image contains a sketch showing the path and movement of an unidentified object or objects. The sketch includes a compass rose, curved lines, and labels indicating angles and positions. There is no photograph present in this image, only the schematic sketch.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same skyline to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place an "Y" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a dotted line to show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? (Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.)

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out by a witness of a UFO sighting.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES, dld they see the object too? (Circle One) YES

31.2 Please list their names and addresses: [redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] Street, [redacted] City, [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 13 SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be relevant.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? [redacted]
Day [redacted] Month [redacted] Year

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 29 Nov 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific paragraphs of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Text from the document:

AFTD (ADDR) A/
US.JLIR.DEV.CFA, Ohio 45433
27 September 1966

Garrett, Indiana 46738

Dear Mr. --------,

Reference your unidentified observation of 15 September 1966 that was reported to the Aeronautical Chart and Information Center and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINYANIILA, JR. Major, USAF 
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 10 -

