Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
25 April 65 25/0945Z

2. LOCATION
Chicago, Ill.

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Southerly

8. PHOTOS
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Satellite (Echo II)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers noted round very bright white object like a 100 watt bulb. The object traveled south and disappeared to the southwest. Observer was looking westward from her porch when noted object.

Echo II was to the west of Chicago at the time of the sighting. At 0942Z Echo II was passing over about 100 degrees long. and 50 degrees lat.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

FTD (ITEM)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
2 May 1966

Mrs. [Redacted]
Chicago, Illinois 60629

Dear Mrs. [Redacted]:

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 25 April 1966. The information in your report is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 2 -

COMBAT READINESS TRAINING OPERATIONS
926TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP, MEDIUM (RESERVE)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
O'HARE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
Chicago, Illinois 60666

24 APR 66

SUBJECT: U.F.O.

A. Description of the object:
1. Would you please describe object's shape: ROUND

2. Size as compared to a known object held in the hand at about arm's length. (Such as a pea, dime, nickel, baseball, etc.): DIME

3. Color: WHITE - VERY BRIGHT

4. Number: ONE

5. Formation, if more than one: N/A

6. Any discernible features or details: NONE

7. Was there a tail, trail or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object: NONE

8. Was there any sound? If so, please describe the sound: COULDN'T BE SURE

9. Other pertinent or unusual features: NO

Send 164


- page 3 -

B. Description of course of object.
1. What first called the attention of observer to the object JUST HAPPENED TO LOOK OUT WINDOW

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first observed
30° to 45° angle - 270° Azimuth

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object upon disappearance
Angle seemed lower at about 225° Azimuth

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object Straight Course

5. How did the object disappear (Fade away or instantaneously)?
Went behind a tree

6. How long was the object visible? (Be specific, 5 min, one hour)
15 minute s

C. Manner of observation.
1. How was object sighted, ground-visual, air visual, ground electronic, air electronics. (If electronic, specify type of radar) Ground-visual

2. Were any optical aids used. (Telescopes, binoculars) None

3. Was this an airborne sighting? If so: N/A
A. Type A/C
B. Ident No
C. Altitude
D. Heading
E. Speed
F. Home Station
G. Telephone No
2


- page 4 -

D. Time and date of sighting
1. Time Zulu 091552
2. Was it, night, day, dawn, dusk Night
   Date ZK 25 APR 66

E. Location of Observer. Where did you make this sighting? Give exact location (if necessary give location in reference to a known landmark)
At first from bedroom window then from porch - Also witnessed by Husband, age 52 and two Sons ages 19 & 22.
Approximately 87°21'W - 41°71'N

F. Identifying Information on Observer
1. Civilian Name Mrs [redacted]
2. Age 42
3. Mailing Address [redacted] Chicago, Ill., 60629
4. Occupation Housewife
5. Reliability No Opinion
6. Telephone No.

Military:
1. Name N/A
2. Grade
3. Organization
4. Duty
5. Reliability
6. Telephone No.

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sightings
1. Observer's account of weather conditions Very Clear

2. Winds (from Weather Bureau) Weather Office, NAS Glenview, Ill.
Surface Calm Degrees --- Kts
Aloft 6,000 310 20
10,000 290 30
14,000 270 30
20,000 290 55
30,000 260 90
40,000 250 120
80,000 Not Available

3. Ceiling Clear
4. Visibility 10+ miles
5. Amount of cloud layer None
6. Thunderstorm in area and quadrant in which located None
7. Vertical Temp Gradient Sfc Temp 180 at 0900Z/850B +49/700MB -3°/
500MB -16° / 300MB -40° / 200MB -59° Stability Index +6. Freezing Level 8500 Ft.

3


- page 5 -

H. Did you notice any unusual activity or conditions, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting No

L. Did you take any photographs No
Do you know of any existence of physical evidence of materials No

INITIALS OWS

COMMENT: None.

[Signature]
CHARLES JOHNSON, Civilian
Aircraft Dispatcher

Cy to:
Dr.J. Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois
60201

4


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
25    April    1966
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 4    45
            Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is blacked out]
City of Town: Chicago    State or County: Illinois

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours    15    Seconds
    Minutes

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    By my watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

a. As a light
b. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Like a 100 watt bulb

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: just a round
shape bright light

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes
It traveled straight south, path disappeared. Went west until it was out of sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   at the time I saw the object it heard no sound
b. Color:   Yellowish tinge

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Small sketch of match head]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Sketch with annotations]
South
I'm facing directly west


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ___________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) _______
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near on airfield? - close near military
e. Flying over a city?   area near Pase
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No     e. Binoculars    Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No     f. Telescope     Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No     g. Theodolite    Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No     h. Other I then opened window to look outside

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

I would say it looked like my white plastic milky bowl.


- page 10 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
← midway airport light beam

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? only one
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
My Husband - 52
My Son - 22
My Son - 19

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
Last Name                First Name           Middle Name
ADDRESS
Street                   Chicago   29 Illinois
                         City      Zone   State
TELEPHONE NUMBER                  AGE 42   SEX Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day         Month         Year


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 4 May 66

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[Handwritten text begins]
I was on the second floor with my back toward the west window. I was watching midnight Sunday when I was decorating so I had the shades raised. Remembered which had given me the clear view. I was just getting up at 12:00 clock midnight Sunday when to help his time out of office. I had decided to go down north with my porch. It was almost 4:30 PM when decided to stay down for a while, and all the time I had a small Philco radio sitting on. Suddenly it began to make a medical cuddle up with me when I lay down. In fact, as I was sitting I heard a sound swirled around with me. Strangely it continues drawing around with me. This I took to make me shake up my radio. Also heard the swirled. The sound lasted almost 15 minutes. I put the radio back on my husband's work bench to let it warm up. So don't back up now. Heard it then if the sound would start up again. And now I was standing there looking but my window. Suddenly I saw the object and just at first I thought it was a reflection, it just seemed to be. Wondering still I started watching it, it started to move south straight across the sky. I called my husband again to come see a flying saucer, when he said let's see it to settle the dogs, so they got up and saw it also. My yard big outside it.


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

with me all the way uphill we couldn't see it any
more IL look east little deep and then headed
South west. So my son and I continued to stay up
because he was anxious to see if there might be any
more. We then came back and while in a highway with
12 heard my thing slow after that.

I forgot to mention that while this siren sound
went off, which was quite loud and early yet, it
occurred that every light in the neighbor hoods was
blacked out. This was the same time, because I
had the trouble of the 12 pm fixed watch. There was
sound in particular that sounded like some ting
while up arguing and scratching. These sounds were
quite often because I had a swirling direction open at
that time.

After everybody is it for work and school I
called up Midway Airport about what we had seen
and asked if they had set off the air siren so soon
because of the flying incident. They said good they
don't know of any such thing. I told them about it.
I called O'Hare Air Force Base - 694-303 and some head
man there had taken down all the information.

This incident was now clear in my mind now
as it was that early monday morning, and I
shall remember this the rest of my life.

I heard so much about these effecting charges and
I always told my side. The news perhaps got all
over the country about this. I only wished that
I could have been closer of course. So we could
have gotten more details about it.

We had just bought a very expensive camera
which would have taken a picture of
it. Keilt as you know a well known camera
company and light. This camera we are told will take
pictures out doors in total darkness. The name of it is Trend.


- page 14 -

