The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document related to the United States Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 25 JULY 66 2630/0102
2. LOCATION: Eugene, Oregon
3. SOURCE (CIVILIAN)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15-20 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: North
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: (x) Yes ( ) No
10. CONCLUSION: Aircraft (possible)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer noted object for a few seconds that was to far away to distinguish shape, and the sun was shining on it. It is on a straight flight reported to be quite far from the observer, who heard but observer said that he was quite far from the object.
Description is consistent with that of an aircraft sighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information document, which is a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena that people have observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be used for statistical purposes, for study, or for research, but will not be connected with your name or address. We request this personal information so that if it is determined necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 25 July 1966
2. Time of day: 9:10 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Eugene, Oregon
5. How long was object in sight? (Terse Duration) 15-30 seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? I looked at my watch, but my memory of the exact time is not positive.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Day - Clear b. Day - Cloudy c. Night - Clear d. Night - Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
About 25 feet. It went out.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES NO Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
It drifted behind some tall trees and was obscured.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES NO Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what
it moved in front of.
It did pass in front of the trees.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - seemed to be quiet, no noticeable sound.
b. Color - red or orange, bright like a light bulb.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 5.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch is included showing a round object with no visible features.]

I went to dive away to disappear to a height of 200 feet maximum.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various multiple choice and short answer questions about a reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)	Yes	No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One)	Yes	No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. Inside a building
c. In a car
d. Outdoors
e. In an airplane (type)
f. At sea
g. Other

23. Were you: 
(Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North	c. East	e. South	g. West
b. Northeast	d. Southeast	f. Southwest	h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?	miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?  
(Circle One)	Yes	No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses	Yes	No
b. Sun glasses	Yes	No
c. Windshield	Yes	No
d. Window glass	Yes	No
e. Telescope	Yes	No
f. Binoculars	Yes	No
g. Other	Yes	No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing diagrams and text-based instructions.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form that the witness filled out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes - No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that includes handwritten text.

Text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 13 August 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I dazed around to the east at the airport near where I had seen a triangular object that appeared to have landing gear. He said he stepped out to see what it was but as soon as he started toward the object it rose up and flew away to the southeast. He said he stepped out to see what it was but as soon as he started toward the object it rose up and flew away to the southeast.

- page 8 -

