PROJECT 10079 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
3 January 66 03/230Z

2. LOCATION
Waverly, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Prob Astro (STAR/PLANET)
Star CAPELLA was at 65 deg az and 50 deg elev at the time
of sighting. Also JUPITER was 70 deg az and 40 deg elev
at that time

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Three

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched three lights, one bigger than the other two,
for about 30 minutes. They appeared to be yellow in color
with red flashes. The objects appeared to move around and
change positions. He said that on 4 Jan he observed several
of these lights.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
N/A

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-329 (TDB) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
3 July Jun 1966
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 16 00
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Partially redacted address] Waverly, Elmira, New York
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    0    20
   Hours  Minutes  Seconds
a. Certain   c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? [Handwritten text, partially illegible]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                 8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                  a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                 b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                  c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                         d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):                    WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                             a. Dry
    b. Hazy                                  b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds                       c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds                 d. Snow
                                             e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                                 d. As a light?
    b. Transparent                            e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                              c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                                d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text that appears to say "Electric, Bright"]

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred        e. Other
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                          (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?    Yes   No   Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes   No   Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?        Yes   No   Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                        Yes   No   Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                     Yes   No   Don't know
    f. Change shape?                          Yes   No   Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                      Yes   No   Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   Noise
b. Color   Yellow Light with Red Place in

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

Didn't do this

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The page includes several hand-drawn sketches with arrows indicating movement, along with some handwritten notes next to the sketches that are partially illegible.]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 150 AIR MILES

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other   Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text that appears to say "Black Night"]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document contains a compass diagram and sketches related to the instructions for documenting a UFO sighting.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location:
[Handwritten response partially illegible]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Handwritten response partially illegible]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 44   SEX: MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent:
[Handwritten response partially illegible]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?   To my wife and family
Date: June    1966
Day    Month   Year


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     7th    June     1966
                                               Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the text appears to be handwritten and partially illegible. I can make out some words and phrases, but cannot confidently transcribe the entire handwritten section with complete accuracy. There are also some hand-drawn circles (O, O2, O3) on the page.]

The handwritten text seems to be a detailed narrative description of a sighting, but due to the cursive script and image quality, I cannot reliably reproduce the full text without potentially introducing errors.


- page 8 -

Page 9

[First paragraph is partially illegible, but begins with:]
"... of a something effect and have been called
Round Top. the light was a sort of a big yellow
light that would go off and on and also move
... down. the light was about 50 ft
... for about 11 hours and it finally went off"

[Signature section, partially legible:]
"I certify that the will
... would depend on the
... of my knowledge
... myself
... yours truly"

[Date section:]
"Jan. 5th 1966

After our write some time my wife and I were
the site near what you call lotus Center with
... The moon just as found were around it about
500 feet off the way and then some after more
turned up to its near circle only we could see
... the time in night of looked who this

[There is also a circular stamp/marking on the bottom left of the document]

The text is handwritten and some portions are difficult to fully decipher due to image quality.


- page 9 -

