PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
11 Nov 66     12/0030Z

2. LOCATION
Orlando, Florida

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
several minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Varied

8. PHOTOS
[X] Yes
[ ] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft (possible)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
On three different occasions the witness watched a strange object flying at about the altitude that craft fly. The object had a red light on top, green light on the bottom, and flashing white lights in between. The object moved rather slow at times and once it appeared or a fast for a few seconds. A similar object was seen on three different occasions during the night.

Contact was made with the FAA Control Tower in regards to any reports to their office. They reported no sightings were made to their office on the date in question. Also they (FAA) knew of no aircraft in an advertising sign in the area at the time of sighting.

FORM
FTDP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

IDENT/UFO/Maj Quintanilla/70916/mhs/23 Jan 67

Request for Aircraft Information

FAA Control Tower
Herndon Airport
Orlando, Florida 32801

Our office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report which took place in the Orlando, Florida area on 11 November 1966 between 1930 and 2030. Request information on any type of aircraft that could have been operating in that area with some type of unusual lighting configuration, possibly an advertising gimmick or some kind. If such an aircraft has been operating out of the Orlando, Florida area this information would be appreciated.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION:

IDENT/UFO                    DATE 22 JUN 67

IDENT                        DATE


- page 2 -

Project Blue Book
Foreign Technology Division of the Air Force Systems Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

To whom it may concern:

The below is a statement I will swear to of a UFO sighting made on November 11, 1966. My husband suggested I keep the incident to myself but after reading the article in SCIENCE & MECHANICS I was prompted to make my report.

On Friday evening, November 11, 1966, at 7:30 my husband, myself were traveling North on South Orange Blossom Trail in Orlando, Florida when we noticed to our right a strange object flying at about the altitude of planes circling for landing at airport. The object had a red light on top, green light on bottom, and flashing white lights alternating in pattern. It was moving rather slowly. I suggested it must be a blimp because of the flasher lights.

She remarked no, there was no blimp in the area. She remarked on the crashing of the 3000 year old blimp and said there was only one other, and that it was out west. We watched as we drove along and looked about a "flying saucer." When we reached Chassahowitzka we were unable to see the object because of the trees. We entered Chassahowitzka and had dinner, and returned home without further visual contact around 8:15. I suggested to call the Herndon Airport and report what we had seen. At 8:30 and I left to go to Sears on Colonial Drive. We were driving west on Oak Ridge Road when we noticed the same or another UFO to my left. It came very close to the road, lower than before and it seemed to be stationary, then move, then stationary again. I pulled off the road to get a good look. I could see that the lights were not flashing words as would a blimp. As we were driving the some 100 yards to a gas station, the object turned sharply and shot upward at an angle with unbelievable speed. Then in a matter of seconds it was just a glow in the sky like a big star only a little larger; then it was gone.

We called home and told the men what we had seen and told them to call the airport. We continued on to Sears, we again traveled North on South Orange Blossom Trail until we reached Interstate 4 and turned onto it heading East. As I was turning I saw


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

the object again. As we come up on the overpass it swooped down out of the north just over the overpass on the one-mile or distance or speed). It was very low.

We look-that it looked like it was picking up speed. It was so low to us up, the lights seemed to come from the rear and rest in the front, then so back. They appeared to be going around before, my window was smeared so I rolled it down to get a clear view.

There was no sound whatever. I pulled off the road onto the emergency stop. The red and green lights we saw when it was higher up were not now. We sat and watched it for a minute or so. The object moved very strangely. Then it turned sharply, moved with intense speed, and still no sound. The lights went out and it was gone in a split second. Then it was just a little larger than a star. All the time it required to reach this altitude could have been but a second or two at the most. We continued on our way, slightly confused and bewildered. We returned home and said he had called Herdon Airport. They told him there was no piper cub in the vicinity. "With a lot of lights, it was no piper cub, plane, or helicopter we saw. It had no wings or propellers and made absolutely no sound. As close as it came we would have heard. It traveled with speed that of which I have never seen and I have watched rocket shots from a distance. Was Herdon trying to cover up something? Did they or anyone else report anything? If there is a logical explanation we would like to hear it. I don't relish the thought of outside visitors.

A statement can be obtained from Mrs. [redacted] if you would like one.

I would like a reply if it is at all possible.

I swear this statement is the truth and that I have explained it the best of my ability. I'm sorry I couldn't give more detail about the size and so on. It was hard to tell with the altitude and movement. Appeared to be a little larger than the width of the road. The lights seemed so bright I couldn't tell about the shape other than being round.

Yours truly,
Mrs. [redacted]


- page 4 -

21 Nov. 1966

Contact was made with the Goodyear Corporation, Akron, Ohio (794-3127) regarding the Goodyear Blimp. On 11 Nov. 66 the blimp was in a hanger at Miami, Florida. Miami is the winter headquarters for the blimp.


- page 5 -

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
ATC TOWER, ORLANDO, FLORIDA

IN REPLY
REFER TO

January 27, 1967

Colonel James C. Manatt
Director of Technology and Subsystems
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Attn: TDET/UFO

Dear Sir:

In reply to your inquiry of January 25, 1967 reference an unidentified
Flying object in the Orlando, Florida vicinity on November 11, 1966
our records indicate no such sighting was reported to the FAA Tower.
In addition, no aircraft is known to be operating in this area displaying other than normal lighting.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
Howard F. Cone
Chief, Orlando Tower


- page 6 -

