The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP   2. LOCATION
9 Dec 66   16/1102       Johnson City, Tennessee
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/A
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground - Day
7. COURSE
N/A
8. PHOTOS
No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
D Yes
Y No

10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft(possible)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched a bright, flashing light in the southern sky. The object appeared to be moving at approximately one second intervals. Several blinks of light were observed in the past few seconds.
The description is consistent with the observation of an aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. As per the instructions, I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document and output it without any additional commentary.

December 13, 1966
Jess Prickett, Route 1,
Blountville, Tenn. 37617
Washington D.C. 20330

Dear Sir:
The following involved Peggy on Sunday, December 4, 1966. Peggy was out in the driveway of a friend's house and for some reason looked up and saw what appeared to be a large white object in the sky coming from the south and heading to the north. It was very high and traveling very rapidly. Peggy called to her friend Alma who was working in the yard to look up and she also saw the object. It appeared to be shaped like a half-moon and seemed to be glowing. The object disappeared from sight very suddenly, leaving no trail. Peggy said it appeared to be about the size of a school bus and was approximately 1/2 to 1 mile high. The sighting lasted only about 20 seconds. They were both quite excited about what they had seen. Peggy said she has never seen anything like it before and could not identify what it was. I am passing this information on to you in case it might be of some interest. 

Sincerely,
Jess Prickett

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

That night a real bright light came up from behind the mountain and hoveredright over the house for few minutes. It was about the size of a basketballwhich was bright and slowly moving. It seemed to be a light that was changing shape and was bright in the middle and dimmer toward the outside. There was no sound from it and it hovered over the house for 3 or 4 minutes then went back down behind the mountain. This was the secone time this has happened. The first time was about 2 weeks ago when it did the same thing. I dont know what it could be but it sure is strange. It doesn't look like anything I have ever seen before.

- page 3 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten description or report, but does not include any visible photographs. 

Extracting the text from the document:

On the evening of December 8, 1966 while returning home from work at about 9:15 pm, I observed an object in the sky which appeared to be about the size of a dinner plate held at arm's length. It was very close and moving slowly in an easterly direction. It was hovering at an altitude of approximately 800 to 1000 feet. The object had a fluorescent like glow and appeared to be of a metallic construction. It made no sound as it moved across the sky. It was a clear night with a bright moon. I observed the object for approximately 45 seconds to 1 minute before it suddenly went into a high rate of speed and disappeared from sight in a northeastern direction.

- page 4 -

