PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE • TIME GROUP
7 April 66 08/0292

2. LOCATION
Shreveport, La (4 Witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Other (REFLECTION GROUND LIGHTS) Prel. Judgt.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
W

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
X No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
X No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
One object had red light, one had white light. Object had a humming sound at a high freq. Object was first observed low to the north and disappeared low to the NE. Object traveled to the W, reversed course abruptly several times, ended going W. Lights appeared to flash extremely bright periodically, then fade (not completely out), then flash again. All that was noted was the lights, at low angle, no object was actually seen.

COMMENTS INVESTIGATING OFFICER: There was at this time at Carve City, a carnival with several large rides and most of them are equipped with brightly colored lights of various descriptions. There were, in fact, several small clouds at a low altitude in the area and investigating officer strongly feels that what the boys noted was one or more of these lights reflecting on the clouds as they passed over. The movement of the cloud would give the light the appearance of moving. The other reports of lights from the developed area for that night.

FTD SPA 0-0.379 (TDE)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    Day: [blank]
    Month: [blank]
    Year: [blank]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

NONE.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

The Saucer Questions

"Have you ever heard or read about 'flying saucers'?"
National Totals:
Sex        Yes    No
Men         86    4
Women       86    4

"Have you, yourself, ever seen anything you thought was a 'flying saucer'?"
National Totals:
Sex        Yes    No
Men         41    49
Women       20    70

Education   Yes    No
College     84    96
High School 84    96
Grade School 4    96

Region      Yes    No
East        5    95
Central     5    95
South       5    96
West        3    97

"Do you think there are people who think there are other living beings on other planets?"
National Totals:
Sex        Yes    No
Men         51    42
Women       53    48

Education   Yes    No
College     47    47
High School 58    42
Grade School 38    62

Five Million Have Seen Something Up There
(Continued From Page 1)

"Unreal" than believe they are "imaginary". Forty-six percent of those who had an opinion said they believe this opinion, while 29 percent do not believe it is "a figment of the imagination". The rest cannot make up their minds.

These figures show a marked change in public attitudes toward the credibility of "flying saucers" since a Gallup survey conducted almost 20 years ago shortly after the flying saucers were first noted—four out of every ten called the saucers either a hoax or the product of an overactive imagination. In 1950, another Gallup survey showed that attitudes had begun to change. More persons had come to believe that saucers were a reality.

IN WEIGHING what evidence there is about the credibility of flying saucers, it is important to note that while most of the reported sightings have been explained, according to Air Force reports, there are some which defy explanation. Persons with college training are more likely to believe in the reality of flying saucers than are persons with less education.

Among those persons who believe flying saucers have an explanation, those who think they are "really" something are those who know it, on other planets.

Many scientific authorities believe that intelligent life must exist elsewhere in the universe. While the mathemati- cal odds are large that there are millions of planets in the universe enough like our own to support life, as we know it.

(134 per cent who participated in this survey said they believe life does exist on other planets.)

Persons with most education are most inclined to believe in the existence of intelligent life on other planets.


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

ELWOOD, N.J.

[The rest of the text is handwritten and partially difficult to read. I can make out some words and phrases, but cannot confidently transcribe the entire text without potentially introducing errors. Some words I can partially discern include "nights", "strange", and various other fragments, but a full accurate transcription would require closer examination.]

The document appears to be a handwritten letter or report, with some sections blacked out or redacted. The text is written in cursive script and is somewhat challenging to read in its entirety.


- page 4 -

March 28, 1966

[Redacted address]
Westwood, New Jersey

Dear [Redacted],

Thank you for your letter prompted by the article, "Outer Space Ghost Story," which appeared in the February 22, 1966 issue of LOOK.

You and several other readers offered possible explanations for the U.F.O.'s, and the editors were appreciative of your taking the time to share your views with them. Because there is so little known about the subject, your comments were read with special care.

Again, our thanks for writing. May you see many more birthdays.

Cordially,
[Signature partially cut off]
Contributing Editor


- page 5 -

Text found in the image:

ELWOOD, N.J.

Dr. John P. McCann
c/o Force Clmg. Hq.
USAF
Washington, D.C.

Postmark stamp shows:
ELWOOD
APR 7
6 PM
1966

The image appears to be an envelope or letter with a postage stamp featuring a profile portrait.


- page 6 -

Air Force Officials
Face Quiz on UFO
WASHINGTON (UPI) - The
House Armed Services Committee announced Thursday it will
question Air Force officials next
week about recent sightings of
unidentified flying objects.
Chairman L. Mendel Rivers,
D.S.C., directed Air Force Secretary John P. McConnell, Air Force
Chief of staff, to meet in a
closed session with the committee Tuesday.


- page 7 -

TEEN/UFO                                                                                 JUN 21 1966

Observation of 3 April 1966

Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs. Hunt)

Reference the attached letter from regarding an observation which he made on 3 April 1966. The following is a suggested reply:

a. Dear Mr. -------:

Thank you for your most gracious letter of 22 May 1966. Your description of the formation of aircraft lights is excellent. I would like to congratulate you for sticking to your observation long enough to determine what the source of the lights were.

The Air Force agrees that most people are basically honest. Unfortunately, the average person is a poor observer. This has been confirmed time and time again in controlled experiments.

The Air Force wishes to thank you for reporting your observation. No other reports were received from the Kalamazoo area for the night of 3 April 1966.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF                3 Atchs
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems               1. Ltr
                                                   2. Articles
                                                   3. Extract

COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR: TEEN/UFO R. QUINN, JR.                 DATED 17 Jun 66

                                                   DATED 20 Jun 66

NO CASE
INFO
ONLY


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some parts of the text are partially illegible due to the image quality, so I will transcribe what I can clearly read]

Headquarters
USAF Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

[First paragraph is mostly illegible, with only fragments of words visible]

In the period 30 Mar to 30 Apr 1966, with the recent surge of interest in UFO sightings, the activity to go and investigate it, to "nail down" the specifics of sightings have increased. To this point list...

[Middle paragraphs are difficult to read clearly, with many words obscured]

...at some intervals. It seems quite clear that people have been experiencing...

[Bottom of the page is similarly partially illegible]

The text appears to be a report discussing UFO sightings and investigations during a specific time period in 1966, but due to the image quality, a complete and accurate transcription is not possible.


- page 9 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[First paragraph is partially illegible, with only fragments readable]

...that we have seen this case, however, that we have seen this object, and will have a report to...

It will seem that we are saying, however, that we have seen this object, and will have a report to substantiate, well it is possible.

In this we do experience on this we will realize the real evidence people will prove we saw an object as an object, and we can say, yes, we saw it, and we will be true.

[The rest of the text is difficult to read with certainty]

A large portion of the document appears blurry or faded, making complete OCR challenging. There is a large black redaction/censorship block in the lower right portion of the document.


- page 10 -

The image appears to be a very faint or poorly scanned document page with minimal legible text. Most of the text is too light or blurry to read clearly. I can make out a few fragments of text, but they are not coherent or complete enough to provide meaningful context. The page seems to be from an official document, possibly a UFO report as you mentioned, but the details are not discernible in this image.


- page 11 -

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)
WORK SHEET

Name of Observer: [redacted], Shreveport, La. Occupation: Student, Age: 13, Phone: [redacted]

Estimate of Reliability: Not too good because of age

a. Description of Object:
(1) Shape: Not noted
(2) Size (compare known object): Unk
(3) Color: Unk
(4) Number: 2
(5) Formation: Yes
(6) Features, details: One had red lights, one had white light (see remarks)
(7) Tail, trail, exhaust (compare to size of object): No
(8) Sound: "Humming at a High Freq."
(9) Special features: None

b. Description of Course of Object:
(1) Reason for noticing object: Boys often study stars and sky
(2) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object: When first observed Low to the North, upon disappearance Low to N.E.
(3) Description of flight path and/or maneuvers: Traveled 1/2, reversed course shortly, several times, ended going West
(4) Manner of disappearance: Sudden disappearance
(5) Length of time in sight: 15 minutes

c. Manner of observation:
(1) Ground or air, visual or electronic: Type radar: Visual
(2) Optical side description: N/A


- page 12 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

TO: Hq USAF SAFCICC (Mrs. Hunt)
Wash D C 20330

REMARKS:
Dear Sara,

I disagree with your statement. [redacted] evaluated the light configuration as that coming from an aircraft.

Please read the last sentence on the first page.

His reference to a F-89 has nothing to do with pulsating lights which he reported.

FROM: HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
14TH AFERA, Aerials Phenomena, DIA

DATE: 1 Jul 66
PHONE: 70916


- page 13 -

Corvallis, Oregon 97330
7 June, 1967
4:04 P.M.

Major Hector Quintanella Jr.
PROJECT BLUE BOOK
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
Dayton, Ohio.

Major Quintanella:

RE: U.F.O.s : A YEAR'S WORTH OF ACTIVITY
(in Corvallis)

DATE: 4 April 1966
TIME: 3:30 P.M.
TIME IN VIEW: (60 seconds) 1 minute.
SPEED: Extremely slow. Almost stationary.
DIRECTION: Due North.
ALTITUDE: Low. Just above the tree-tops.
SOUND: None.
NUMBER OF OBSERVERS: 3
SHAPE: 4 or 5 discs lined in a solid line: OOOOO
COLOUR: Greenish-yellow.
SIZE: Very large.
WEATHER: A clear starless night.

DATE: 29 June 1966
TIME: 5:05 P.M.
TIME IN VIEW: (60 seconds) 1 Minute.
SPEED: Moderately fast.
DIRECTION: North Northwest. About 70° degrees to about 20° degrees.
ALTITUDE: Not too high.
SOUND: None.
NUMBER OF OBSERVERS: One.
SHAPE: Disc. Like a Almac dinner plate turned upside down: -----
COLOUR: Pure white.
SIZE: Too far away. Uncertain.
ACTIONS: Flew between cloud banks. Object stopped once and hovered.
WEATHER: Blue sky with fairly low large white cloud banks.


- page 14 -

DATE: 29 September 1966.
TIME: 7:45 P.M.
TIME IN VIEW: (120 seconds). 2 Minutes.
SPEED: Moderately fast.
DIRECTION: Due South. From about 90° degrees to about 40° degrees.
ALTITUDE: Low. (Very low).
SOUND: None.
NUMBER: One.
NUMBER OF OBSERVERS: One. (Myself and an 18x telescope).
SHAPE: Sphere.
COLOUR: Silver.
SIZE: Large (As seen through the telescope).
ACTIONS: From point first seen to point last seen, object flew in a PERFECTLY STRAIGHT LINE.
WEATHER: Clear, starry night.

DATE: 29 November 1966.
TIME: 2:00 A.M.
TIME HEARD: 60 minutes ( 1 hour).
LOCATION: Above driveway between south end of my house and Mrs. [redacted] house next door. Above height of said houses and a bit to the East.
SOURCE: Unknown.
TYPE OF SOUND: An EVEN low to high pitched whirring sound that gradually increased in volume. Then at the end of the hour...disappear as the whirring increased in volume, it also seemed to increase in altitude....to higher and higher into the sky....straight up....until it was heard no more.
WHAT THE SOUND WASN'T: (1) A Train. (2) A Jet or Airplane. (3) A Car. (4) The heater downstairs. (5) The wind. There wasn't any. (6) A helicopter.

DATE: 18 December 1966
TIME: 4:05 A.M.
TIME HEARD: 5 minutes to half an hour.
LOCATION: Above Northern portion of the house.
SOURCE: Unknown.
TYPE OF SOUND: Rotary motor.....like in a helicopter.

DATE: 1 March 1967
TIME: 5:30 A.M.
TIME HEARD: 5 minutes.
LOCATION: Above the rooftops and to the Southwest.
SOURCE: Unknown.
TYPE OF SOUND: An ewe UNEVEN high pitched, loud, rasping, grinding sound.
Everything I tried to go back to bed, the sound got louder and I'd go back to the window to see if I could see anything, but I never did.
WHAT THE SOUND WASN'T: (1) the revolving fan on top of Mrs. [redacted] house. (2) A train. (3) A Jet or Airplane. (4) The heater downstairs. (5) The wind. (there wasn't any).
POSSIBLE SOURCE: A helicopter with engine trouble.


- page 15 -

DATE: 19 May 1967
TIME: 4:55 P.M.
TIME IN VIEW: 30 seconds (& a minute.)
SPEED: Moderately fast.
DIRECTION: North to South. From about 110° to 60° degrees.
ALTITUDE: High.
SOUND: None.
NUMBER: One.
NUMBER OF OBSERVERS: 2
SHAPE: Disc.
COLOUR: Silver.
SIZE: 7
ACTION: Smooth and straight.
WEATHER: Blue sky with sparse feathery clouds.

Sincerely Yours


- page 16 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY
ABERDEEN PROVING GROUND
ABERDEEN PROVING GROUND, MARYLAND 21005

STAT-III

13 April 1966

SUBJECT: Report of Possible UFO

TO: FTIE (TDSN/UFO)
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

1. The following report is furnished in confirmation of telephone
conversation with Sgt. Jones, your office, this date.

2. On 6 April 1966, at 2120 hours, [redacted], age 15, residing [redacted], Aberdeen, Md., and [redacted], age 16, residing [redacted], home [redacted], Aberdeen, Md., advised Aberdeen Police Department that they had sighted a UFO flying in a northeastern direction over Aberdeen, Md. The Aberdeen Police Department immediately notified the Military Police Desk Sergeant, who requested investigation by the Intelligence Office as same with his liaison limits turned out. He saw and heard the aircraft in the same direction coming after he turned out.

3. There has been no publicity on this reported sighting in local news media.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature]
PAUL A. BROCKE
Intelligence Officer

cc: USAF Liaison Officer
APG, Md.


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

C Fire 66
Natchitoches, Mo.

Dear Major,

In the note it may not look very complete but come to Natchitoches. We will recreate the whole thing.

Yours truly,
[Signature is blacked out]


- page 18 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Fog, mist, or light rain
b. Clear
c. Snow
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. About the same
b. Dimmer
c. Brighter
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text is partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Leave a trail?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 19 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusion, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
6 April 1966

2. Time of day: 7:30 Hours (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Slot Littleton Massachusetts

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
15 - 10 Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined: Without a clock just time of leave
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright a. Stars
b. Cloudy b. Hazy
c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)
a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 20 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
Went out of view but only in this tree and behind trees.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: close to and then partly behind a tree.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
In front of: [blank]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: none
b. Color: red looking sort of with a metallic

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match itself.
object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shapes of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially actual trail or vapor trail. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch of an elongated oval/disc-shaped object with pulsating lights, labeled "down"]


- page 21 -

UFO form continued

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 45 - 70 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 4 mi.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an aircraft?
e. Flying over city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   f. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   g. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   h. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   i. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

First one of its kind to come out of the sky. They flew in two or three things. They were flying where they disappear. Each one 5 to 6 ft. in the sky in 19.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

(3) If air observation, type a/c, no., alt., heading, speed,
home station N/A
d. Time-date 4/20/50 Light conditions Day, night, dawn, dusk.
e. Exact location of observer Southeast section of Shreveport, La.
f. Physical evidence None
g. Weather Observer's account "Clear, hazy with small occasional cloud"

Officials: Wind Direction & velocity at surface
6000' _____ 10 _____ 16 _____ 20 _____ 30 _____ 58 _____

Ceiling _______ Visibility _______ Amount of cloud cover _______
Thunderstorm _______ Temperature gradient _______

h. Remarks:
With the observer at the time of sighting were:
17 yrs
12 yrs Address given as _______, Shreveport
8 yrs for all the boys
9 yrs

"Lights appeared to flash extremely bright periodically, then fade (not completely out). Then flash again." All that was noted was the lights, at a low a.g.l., no object was actually seen.

INVESTIGATING OFFICER'S NOTES:
I drove out to neighborhood and noted a large glow in the sky to north. It was caused by the lights of the neighborhood in center called Shreveport City. There is, at this time at Shreveport City, a carnival with several large rides and most of them are equipped with brightly colored lights of various descriptions. There were, in fact, several small clouds at a low altitude in the area and strongly feel that what was seen was one or more of these lights' reflections on the clouds as they passed over. The movement of the cloud would give the light the appearance of moving. There were no other reports by anyone else of noting "strange lights" in the Shreveport area for that night. Because of this and the lack of corroborating witnesses from another area, I chose to report this solely by letter and not by message.

DONALD R. RYAN, Major, USAF
Investigating Officer


- page 23 -

UFO form continued

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. Yes, few
north Attleboro.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: Hue.
Hue.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS Natteboro Zone State
TELEPHONE NUM AGE SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
So far am aware the astronauts, I can
with fly a plane at night. And have
had experience with U.S. O's before

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? mother & father
7 April 1966
Day Month Year


- page 24 -

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 3

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.


- page 25 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    16   Feb    1967
     Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page appears to be blank or too faded/low contrast to read clearly]


- page 26 -

The only clearly legible text on this page is:

"UFO form continued"

"Page 9"

The rest of the document appears to be very faint or illegible, with only shadowy outlines of what seems to be a form or document visible.


- page 27 -

"Project Bluebook"
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

My name is ______. I am in the 8th Grade at the Berkeley Jr. High in Berkley, Massachusetts. I am interested in U.F.O.'s, and when a number of my classmates claimed to have seen some, I interviewed some of them. I am including a copy of the interview as the people had no idea what the others answered. Since I am very interested in this thing, I would appreciate any information you could send me. My address is:

Assonet
Mass.    02702

Thank you.

Sincerely yours,


- page 28 -

Witnesses:
[Redacted] North Main Street     Berkeley, Mass.     Age 13
[Redacted] Porter Street         Berkeley, Mass.     Age 13
[Redacted] Locust Street         Berkeley, Mass.     Age 14

1. Date of observation:
   A) April 7, 1966   8:30 p.m.
   B) April 6, 1966   8:30 p.m.
   C) Unknown         7:30 p.m.

2. Location of observers:
   A) In front of house
   B) In front of and in house
   C) In front of house

3. Duration of observation:
   A) 50 s.
   B) 3 h.
   C) 5m.

4. Condition of sky:
   A) Dark and clear
   B) Black
   C) No trace of daylight

5. Position of sun/moon in relation to observers:
   A) Moon to my left
   B) Moon to my left
   C) Moon in front of me

6. Number of stars and state of moon:
   A) a few stars    dull moonlight
   B) Many stars     Bright moon
   C) Few stars      Dull moon

7. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
   A) Yes
   B) Yes
   C) Yes

8. If so, compare brightness with known objects:
   A) Brighter than star
   B) Bright as star
   C) Brighter than moon

9. Behavior of object:
   A) Flicker, rare, pulsate
   B) Appeared to stand still; suddenly speed up; change shape; flicker,
   C) Throp, pulse                                                 change of brightness

10. Did the object pass behind or in front of anything?
    A) Behind trees
    B) Behind trees
    C) Behind trees, in front of moon

11. Did you observe the object through anything?
    A) No
    B) No
    C) Through lido part of the time


- page 29 -

12. was there any ind?
M) No
D) No
E) Unknown

13. Please describe: sound; color:
M) No sounds; Flashing red, white, and orange
D) No sound; red and white
E) No sound; blinking green, red, and white

14. Describe outline:
M) No definite outline
D) Like a bright star
E) Sharply outlined

15. was the object self-luminous?
M) Yes
D) Yes
E) Yes

16. Did the object rise or fall while in motion?
M) Yes, and dart around, too.
D) Yes
E) Fell, then rose

17. apparent size of object held at arms length:
M) Dime held on edge
D) Nickle
E) Penny

18. how did the object disappear from view?
M) It sank behind the trees later.
D) Behind trees
E) Zoomed away

19. how did you happen to notice the object?
M) I was looking at a cemetery across the street from my house when the flashing light attracted my eyes.
D) My brother saw it and called me.
E) It as bright and blinked.

20. Estimated distance of the object:
M) 5 miles
D) 5 miles
E) -------

21. Compare speed with jet at same distance:
M) It would just dart about very quickly, in the blink of an eye
D) Almost (about ten times as fast as a jet)
E) Faster than a jet

22. what were you doing at the time?
M) Looking a door
D) Watching t.v.
E) Playing car


- page 30 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

MILE

CEMETERY

NORTH MAIN ST

Some words are partially illegible or cut off, and the image appears to be a hand-drawn map or sketch with minimal details.


- page 31 -

Here is the text I can discern from the image:

PNOL

DATE

LANDING WITH AND RIDING,

Some text appears to be very faint or illegible. There is also a small hand-drawn rectangle in the center of the document.


- page 32 -

MANTUA POLICE DEPARTMENT
INVESTIGATION REPORT
USE ONE SIDE ONLY
CONFIDENTIAL

Page # 1
File # CASE# 11-86
Case 4-17-66 S104 Type UFO
Assigned to Chief Buchert

Reported By: Complainant
(City) Mantua, Ohio

Evidence obtained, Yes (X) No ( )
Prosecutor's Report submitted to

Photographs taken by Chief Buchert
Date

PROGRESS REPORT:
At about 5 A.M. April 17, 1966 a radio call from Summit County Sheriffs Department to Portage County Sheriffs Department was received over the Police radio which was listening to while on normal patrol. This call requested Portage County Sheriffs Department to look for a UFO which was reported to Summit County Sheriffs Department at going east and being a very bright light. At about 5:04 A.M. I was at Canada Road by Main Street (S.R.#44) and I sighted a very bright light which appeared in the southeast portion of the sky. The object appeared to be round and not moving. It was brighter than anything I had ever seen in the sky before. There was no top and it was very clear and with no clouds or stars in the area of the object. When the object moved left or right, it appeared to tilt or tip and then appeared to be another shape with some sort of light coming from it. I say this because the lit was narrow by the object and became wider as it was away from it. I went home and got my wife out to see it and confirm my observation. While we both observed it, the object appeared not to be moving. It then moved up and down still appearing round and very bright. The object then moved to the left and to the right and when it did this, it appeared to tilt or tip and be saucer shaped. It's my opinion this object definitely was controlled by some means because when it moved up it returned to its normal position and then moved down and again to its normal position. Then it moved 10 left toward fall.

I took 3 pictures. of the object from my front yard located at 4437 Orchard Street, Mantua, Ohio. These pictures were taken with a Kodak, Brownie Starmite Camera, having a Dakon lens with a fixed focus, lens setting at 14, the film was black & white #127.

Description of object: Round object except when it moved left or right it appeared to tilt and be saucer shaped with a light coming from it. Object was very bright and was a steady light. It did NOT twinkle like a star does. No other stars visible. (Except moon) In area of object. Object appeared larger than any star ever seen by officer. Heard no sound from it and no vapor trail, etc. was left by it. The object had no wings.

The sky was clear. No distance or size of the object is stated because it would be purely a guess on my part.

[Signed]
Gerald F. Buchert
Chief of Police
Mantua Police Dept
Mantua, Ohio
44255


- page 33 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Friday April 1966

2. Time of day: 3:40-9:20
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest postal address is redacted]
City or Town: DELTA                   State or County: LA

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

Hours    Minutes    Seconds    ARE

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? FLY
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                 NIGHT
a. Bright                           a. Bright
b. Cloudy                           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. in front of you    d. To your left
b. in back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTD FORM                Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative Reference Service
164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 31, which is obsolete.                May 1966


- page 34 -

NO CASE INFORMATION ONLY

7 April 1966, Daniels Park, Denver, Colorado

Conversation PTD (TDETR) and Amn Mellish, Lowery AFB, Colo on 12 Jul 66

Conversation with Airman David S. Mellish of the Information Office at Lowery AFB, Colorado on 12 July 1966 revealed that a sighting on 7 April 1966 at Daniels Park, Colorado was not reported to Lowery AFB, Colorado.


- page 35 -

7 APRIL 1966
THE DANIELS PARK CASE
OR
THE CASE OF THE DISRUPTED PICNIC

(This case was investigated by myself, Dr. J. Allen Hynek, on July 4, 1966.
drove me to Denver from Boulder - having come up for me. Visited
first, , . Got her statement and story.
Next met Mike , and we all went to visit .

drove and myself out to Daniels Park where we re-enacted
the story. The case illustrated the importance of visiting the scene of the
sighting. A totally erroneous impression was originally gained by the preliminary
interview. Photographs attached show the reasons why.)

7 APRIL 1966
THE STORY

On April 7, 1966, three teen-age couples -- and ;
( ) and ; and ( )
had gone to Daniels Park, south of Denver by some 10 - 15 miles - in completely
open, hilly, uninhabited territory, save for two or three houses in the distance.
The territory was strangely reminiscent of the Socorro sighting -- gullies and
deep wooded valleys, but much more vegetation that New Mexico. I saw it in
July. In early April the foliage would not yet have been out. No establishments


- page 36 -

of any kind -- but power lines about 1/2 mile away.

The picnic started in daylight and a fire had been started in the shelter
which is on the side of a steep ledge. (Fig. ____)

Things were going slow, swimmingly, it was about 9:30 pm, and the young
couples were preparing to do what all young couples do on picnics - the fire
had subsided somewhat and they were preparing to roast marshmallows. ____
and ____ decided to slip away for awhile and wandered out front, with
the light of the fire streaming out of the window. They were about 20 - 30
feet in front of the entrance. ____ and ____, looking out at them in the dim
light insist that they saw a tall figure standing close to ____ and ____
and ____ returned and reported when asked that they had seen no one out
there.

About then, footsteps were heard on the roof (which is level with the
terrain) and ____ went out to investigate - taking one of ____ crutches with him ____ had a broken leg). They tapped on the roof, calling
out, this is us now - this is ____ crutch. They then went to inspect the
car, suspecting possible maurauders.

During their observance, more steps were heard on the roof and those
inside called out in no uncertain terms to cut out the horseplay.

2


- page 37 -

Shortly after, was sitting near fire and looking up through the chimney, when she saw a figure above them. Shortly after, said they saw a huge figure of a man (presumably) about 7 ft tall and with a tight felty black garmet, like a trench coat - - but the could not see the form.

When and returned they were accused of the horseplay on the roof but professed complete innocence. Furthermore, neither of the two were as tall nor dressed like the figure -- which had now been seen three times.

When and had gone to the car, said he felt a presence and the hair stood up on his neck. As they approached the car, walking toward the west, they noticed two circular lights (blue and red) with white lights in the center. The white lights were going on and off at an equal rate. thought that there might be some pranksters in a car, so went off the road on the opposite side, out of sight of the "object". After three or four minutes, during which time they found nothing, they went back on the road to see if the "object" was coming closer, but whatever it was was gone or invisible - there were no lights or sound. At night in Daniels' Park it is possible to see lights for a great distance. At night the lads assumed the light of the "car" (they looked something like back up lights being pumped on and off) were on a levelmeadow just off the road. When they returned in daylight they noted that the lights had appeared over a very uneven gully, where no car could be expected to be.

After return, and their statement that they had not been responsible for the contrary noises, near panic set in. Up to this time the conclusion was that some hoodlums were about and that some harm might come to the girls or to all of them.

3


- page 38 -

Thus, just when their picnic was settling down into the cozy stage it was rudely interrupted and the whole thing called off. This one fact above I believe rules out hoax on their part - who breaks up a cozy three couple night time party for a hoax that can only bring ridicule to them. It of course does not rule out hoax on the part of others, but this is effectively ruled out by other factors.

The entire party rushed toward the car ( a 19 ____). Now, trailing, noticed a light behind him in the sky. ( The sky was overcast).

The light moved up and down, and when it went down it went behind ridge which hid it from sight temporarily. Two other lights were observed hovering near it. This was no essentially in the opposite direction from that in which they had seen the first set of lights.

They all got into the car but before key was put into ignition lock, car shook violently from side to side several times. Got car started and backed it up away from parking space and back onto road. "No other cars or people around, way before season for picnics.

Now watched lights moving -- and seemed definitely attached to some object. Alan drew the object -- After car had been backed up, several got on top of the car to watch -- but _____ and _____ stayed inside -- frequently yelling out screams of fright. They noticed one light to the left of the other three which after about fifteen minutes, moved straight toward them. It came close and stopped. This is the object Alan drew.

A red light detached itself and came around to the left and along "the trees", but above them.

It would suddenly got out, and then very suddenly flash on nearby. All during the period an all pervasive humming sound was heard. No other noise.

When red light, bright, popped up, over rockky terrain, just about 20 feet

4


- page 39 -

Here is the text from the document:

them, they thought, they wanted to get out as fast as they could.
One boy wanted to reverse, stop the car to continue watching, but the
screams of the girls and the fear of the rest made insist they get out
of the place.

They noticed one light to the left of the other three which after about
15 minutes, moved straight toward them. It came close and stopped this is the
object Alan drew.

They started for home - but the car motor frequently stalled momentarily and
then started on its own. The engine went on and off, as if the ignition were
being turned on and off. The radio was exceedingly full of static. The
ignition key was not turned - car was started by pushing down accelerator -
car would suddenly start chugging along again.

Finally, two things: about a mile or so down the road toward Denver
heard the others scream and Don Yell, "God, what's going on". They saw a
bright light, white, projected from above onto the road. The light on it
appeared on the road was circular and of diameter equal to width of the
road. The light appeared about fifty feet behind them and caught up with them
in about two seconds. The beam seemed to come straight down - or thought it was
a coherent beam. Alan said that he hated looking at it in his rear view mirror
but did not see it because, (his opinion) the light did not seem to reflect.

The rest of the trip was uneventful. Two or three of the group developed
burn - like marks on their necks and backs.

When they reported it they were at first regarded very lightly but at the
Littleton Police Office, where they went immediately to report it, their story
was fully regarded seriously because they had not been drinking (even beer had
not been brought to the picnic) and were obviously seriously frightened.

5


- page 40 -

Here is the text from the document:

7/Apr/66
Daniels Park Case

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
7   4   66
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 9:30
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Daniels Park     Denver     Colorado
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours   30   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain   c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Time spent watching light time during

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember?

FTD FORM
OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 41 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: [partially illegible handwritten text]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Yes/No/Don't know columns are marked for several of these items, but the specific details are not clearly legible]


- page 42 -

There was more than one object                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
One object disappeared approximately 100 yds. directly in front of us.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: A ridge east of us

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: [blank]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound almost humming, pulsating noise at times heard 1 before
b. Color silvery, out of bright outline

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? About minimal. The object was in front of us on the ground. The object was 15 ft. across.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
- Red light rays going skyward
- Blue circular lights
- no vapor or exhaust

[A hand-drawn sketch of a UFO is included, which appears to be a classic flying saucer/disc shape with a slightly raised center section]


- page 43 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [No response]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Several yds. at least from position

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other Used auto to sit on and leave

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside
d. Near on airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           e. South
b. Northeast       f. Southwest
c. East            g. West
d. Southeast       h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?   35   miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No       e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No       f. Telescope       Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No       g. Theodolite      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No       h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Partially illegible handwritten response, appears to read]: "We saw the object directly in front of us, on the ground."

Page 4 is noted at the top of the document.


- page 44 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest* stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: [Partially illegible text]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. [Illegible]
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other: [Blank]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up or rush away?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change direction?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 45 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

East →

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 4
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Additional handwritten notes include:
- "moved toward eis"
- "ridge →"
- "stared stationary"
- "went up and down"
- "facing east"


- page 46 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted/Blacked out]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted/Blacked out]
ADDRESS Denver, 80206 Colo.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted/Blacked out]
AGE 17 SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I have no police record. I have a low Beverage in school.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day April Month 66 Year
Police Chief McIvor
Littleton Police Dept.


- page 47 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   7   June   66
                                                    Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

We went on a picnic to Barret's Park in the afternoon. After dinner, we had some (approximately 9:00) we heard footsteps on the shelter, Don and I went out to check it out. My typing leaves much to be desired.

We had a step, but saw nothing. I wanted to make sure the car was all right, so we and I went up to the road to check it. We first went walking toward the car, and noticed two circular lights with white lights in the center. The white lights were going on and off at an equal rate. I thought it might be some pranksters, so we went on - we were at the opposite side of the road to see what would happen. After 3 or 4 minutes, when we had heard nothing, we went back into the road to see if the object was coming, or what. But it was gone, no sound, no lights, nothing. All night in Daniels' Park one can see the lights miles in either direction on the road, but the lights were gone.

And I stood at the shelter house, two girls, and we said they saw a large figure of a man, about 7ft tall could not see the face. The figure was seen in front of the window - and though the chimney (a hole in the roof). We were all scared as we decided to have. We walked to the car and Jim noticed a light behind him in the sky. We all turned and saw it. The light moved up and down (as it went down it was behind a ridge which made it out of sight) and we noticed two or three more near it. I moved the car back so we could watch. We then noticed one light to the left of the other, which, after about 15 minutes, moved straight toward


- page 48 -

It came close and stopped (I draw it under question #19). Then we decided to leave and can still get out right. The radio played static, and the engine went on and off, as if I was turning the ignition on and off. Pulled once as I had the other person scan the road. They saw a circular light, projected from above, on the road behind us. They say it appeared about 50 ft. behind us and caught up in about 2 seconds. I was driving and looked in the rear view mirror, and the light did not reflect! As we progressed out of the area the car and radio worked fine, and all was normal. That is what I and the other witnessed.


- page 49 -

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION REPORT

NOTE: This document contains information
affecting the national defense of the United
States within the meaning of the espionage
laws, Title 18, U.S.C., Sec. 793 and 794.
The transmission or the revelation of its
contents in any manner to an unauthorized
person is prohibited by law.

UNCLASSIFIED

1. COUNTRY Uruguay
2. SUBJECT Unidentified Flying Object
Reported Seen in Rivera

3. REPORT NUMBER 1 900 0031 66
4. DATE OF REPORT 13 April 1966
5. NO. OF PAGES One
6. REFERENCES DIAM 151 IT
1 900 0066 65
1 900 0079 65

7. ISC NUMBER

8. DATE OF INFORMATION 8 Apr 1966

9. PLACE AND DATE OF ACQ 12Apr66 Montevideo

10. EVALUATION SOURCE C INFORMATION A

11. SOURCE Press

12. ORIGINATDR USAIRA, Uruguay

13. PREPARED BY HOWARD W SLATON COLONEL, USAF
US DEFENSE ATTACHE

14. SUMMARY On 8 April 1966, an unidentified object was reported over the city of Rivera, Uruguay. According to reports of the many citizens who viewed the object, it remained in the vicinity of Rivera for approximately 1 hour 40 minutes beginning at about 3:00 A.M. A radio announcer from International radio of Riveraby the name of Duarte, viewed the object, and reported his views over the radio. The object was spherical, changing color constantly, could hover in one spot for long periods of time, and when it moved left a brilliant glow in its wake.

COMMENT: This is just one of several reports of unidentified flying objects that occasionally appear in the press.

15. DISTRIBUTION BY ORIGINATDR
Chile, Uruguay

16. DOWNGRADING DATA
n/a

17. ATTACHMENT DATA
None


- page 50 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 2858TH AIR BASE GROUP (AFLC)
GRIFFISS AIR FORCE BASE NEW YORK 13442

11 April 1966

ROBO

Subject: Information Concerning UFO Sighting on 9 April 1966

TO: Foreign Technology Div (TDSM/UFO)
AFSC, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. A sighting was made by a civilian at approximately 2000 hours EST on the 9th of April 1966. The sighting was made approximately six miles south of Griffiss Air Force Base. It had typical aircraft lighting and movement.

2. This sighting was determined to be a departing C-124 aircraft from Griffiss Air Force Base.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WILLIAM H. CARRINGTON
Major, USAF
Chief, Base Operations & Training Div.


- page 51 -

DATE    LOCATION                           OBSERVER    EVALUATION

8       Ellenville, New York               Multiple    Astro (MOON)
8       Eastman, Georgia                   Multiple    Astro (METEOR)
8       Bossier City, Louisiana            Multiple    Other (REFLECTION)
8       Houston, Texas                     Multiple    Astro (METEOR)
8       Schenectady, New York              Multiple    Aircraft
8       Colorado Springs, Colorado                     Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
8       Colorado Springs, Colorado                     Astro (METEOR)
9       Philadelphia, Pennsylvania         Multiple    Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
9       Fulton, New York                   Multiple    Aircraft
10      Garden City, Michigan              (PHOTOS)   Vis: Other (HOAX)
                                                      Photos: Man-Made Object
10      Colorado Springs, Colorado                     Other (BIRDS)
10      Osterville, Massachusetts                     Astro (METEOR)
10      Battlecreek, Michigan                         Aircraft
11      Sharrsville, Pennsylvania                      Astro (MOON)
11      Greensburg, Pennsylvania                       Aircraft
11      Teaneck, New Jersey                            Astro (SIRIUS)
11      Millard, Nebraska                              Other (ARTILLERY FLARES)
11      Colorado Springs, Colorado                     Insufficient Data
11      Castile, New York                              Unreliable Report
11-14   Tampa, Florida                                 Aircraft
12      Brookville, Indiana                            Astro (VENUS)
12      DeWitt, Arkansas                               Aircraft
12      Waterloo, Iowa                                 Insufficient Data
12      Boston, Massachusetts              Multiple    Astro (METEOR)
13      Syracuse, New York                             Aircraft
14      Kettering, Ohio                                Astro (VENUS)
14-15   Staten Island, New York                        Astro (VENUS)
15      Alexandria, Virginia                           Balloon
15      Pueblo, Colorado                               Aircraft
15      Salem, Massachusetts                           Astro (JUPITER)
15      Bovey, Minnesota                               Aircraft
15      Colorado Springs, Colorado                     Balloon
15      Arvada, Colorado                               Aircraft
15      Houston, Texas                                 Balloon
15      Superior, Wisconsin                            Astro (METEOR)
15      Miles City, Montana                Civilian    Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
16      Newburg, New York                              Aircraft
16      Columbus, Indiana                  Multiple    Aircraft
16      Colorado Springs, Colorado                     Astro (METEOR)
16      Colorado Springs, Colorado                     Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
17      Millersville, Texas                            Other (REFLECTION)
17      Lake Carmel, New York                          Aircraft
17      Tampa, Florida                                 Satellite
17      Ravenna, Mantua, Ohio                          1. Photo Defects
                                                       2. Satellite
                                                       3. Astro (VENUS)
17      Philomath, Oregon                              Astro (VENUS)
17      Teaticket, Massachusetts                       Aircraft
17      Sioux City, Iowa                               Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
17-19   New Castle, Maine                              Astro (STARS/PLANETS)


- page 52 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 40-50 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           e. South
b. Northeast       f. Southwest
c. East            g. West
d. Southeast       h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ______miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No     e. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses    Yes   No     f. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield     Yes   No     g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No     h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The text in this section is partially illegible, with some words unclear or obscured]


- page 53 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NO.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   LIKE A MOTOR.
b. Color   BLUE, GRAY, and SILVER.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
DIDN'T PERFORM THE EXPERIMENT.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included with labels "wings", "protrusion", and directional arrows]


- page 54 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and thus any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 55 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

NON

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted names and addresses with partial text visible: "DECATUR, ILL."]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Partially visible: "DECATUR" and "ZONE"]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE [Redacted]    SEX [Redacted]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
NONE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially illegible date and report information]


- page 56 -

