PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
29 June 66  20/0702

2. LOCATION
Waikiki Beach, Hawaii (1 witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Straight Up

8. PHOTOS
Ext. Of a Drawing of
□ No the Object

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
Other (UNRELATED)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted white, oval object that had five bright lights, blinking fast in between. A vapor trail with sparks was also observed. Object flew horizontal to the sea then went straight up, disappeared instantaneously.

NOTE: Unidentified (3.0) decayed over the Pacific on 29 Jun 66.


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 6486th AIR BASE WING (PACAF BASE COMMAND)
APO SAN FRANCISCO 96533

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: BDO-I                                                                26 Aug 66
SUBJECT: U.F.O.

TO: Air Force Systems Command (FTD)
     Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Attached is a U.F.O. report of very doubtful validity.
   It is forwarded to you for your records since the observer
   said she was going to report it also to N.I.C.A.P.

2. Some comments which I do not care to put on the report
   itself:
   a. This appeared to be a pathetic attempt to generate
      some publicity by an artist whose career would appear to
      be faltering. The lady appeared to be undernourished. She
      lived alone in a poor one room apartment with very few
      visible signs of affluence. She said she was planning to
      move to a better place next week. We suspected she was
      being evicted.

   b. She is an apparent fan and follower of N.I.C.A.P.
      and is a firm believer that we are being watched by beings
      from outer space.

   c. My NCO, TSgt Silidonio Montibon, and I felt that
      this was a rather desperate attempt to generate money by
      playing on recent publicity and interest in U.F.O.'s.
      (There was a $200.00 price tag on the painting.)

JERRY M. MILLS, Capt, USAF
Director of Intelligence

1 Atch


- page 2 -

Oval

50 to 60 feet long

White light

One

N/A

Five bright lights, blinking light in between

Vapor trail with sparks

Negative

Five flame - emerged one at a time, last flame was the largest, then disappeared.

"Brilliant glow of light falling towards us". (she said)

10° angle south of observer

50 feet prior disappearance

Flew horizontal to the sea for about 3/4 mile, then went straight up.

Disappeared instantaneously.

2 minutes


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

(1) One of my submission of sighting, location, Waikiki Beach, Honolulu, Hawaii, ground-visual

Ground-visual

(2) Systems as to put in air (for no contact made, etc.) used and description under:
None

(3) If the sighting occurred while airborne, give type of aircraft, its location number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station:
N/A

c. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting:
29 June 1966 - 2100 hours Local
>100 2

(2) Light conditions. (Use one of the following: bright, Gray, dark, cloudy)
Dark, light clouds

a. Position of Observer: (In Clf. exact position and lighting)
At Surf Rider Hotel (at beach level)

4. Information:
(1) Civilian-Name [redacted, appears to be approximately 55]
Free lance artist

(2) Military-None, race, nationality, city, and station
N/A

e. Weather and "Under-Mach" (or to be with this report):
Observer(s) some of weather conditions:
Partly cloudy

[Some text is illegible or cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(3) Ceiling:
N/A

(4) Visibility:
N/A

(5) Amount of Cloud Cover:
N/A

(6) Transformers in area and weather not noted:
N/A

(7) Vertical temperature gradient:
N/A

8. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for sighting:
There had been considerable interest and publicity concerned with a meteor/satellite burn out earlier in the month.

9. Identification action taken (action to wherever possible, and in compliance with existing air defense directives):
N/A

10. Precise approximate altitude and genesis of object (if known):
N/A

Memorandum for: Director of Intelligence, 6448th ABWg/326th Air Division
PRELIMINARY ANALYSIS: Unexplainable but doubtful as a valid sighting for the following reasons:
a. Siting took place just off the coast of Waikiki Beach along a stretch crowded with hotels and restaurants during the busiest time of the evening and yet, noone else reported it.
b. Siting occurred on 29 June 1966 but was not reported to the Air Force until 24 August 1966. It had been reported at some earlier date to local press and radio, who apparently ignored the report.

Polaroid picture of a sighting of the UFO done by Mrs. Anderson.


- page 5 -

This case contains
1, 3×5" photo.


- page 6 -

There is no readable text on this page. The document contains a black and white photograph that appears to be dark and somewhat blurry, with what seems to be a bright oval or round object (possibly a light or unidentified object) against a dark background. The rest of the page is blank white space.


- page 7 -

