PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
7 July 66  7/0322

2. LOCATION
Cedar Rapids, Iowa   two witnesses

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
few seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Eastward

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro(Meteor)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched a multi-colored object travel toward the ground being visible for only a few seconds. Unknown was compared to that of a skyrocket. It was as bright as a auto headlight at a few feet in distance. The object did not give off smoke, sparks, or vapor, nor did it appear to stand still.

Dr. Charles Olivier was consulted for his comments and he said that all indications are such that a bright meteor or fireball was observed. He said that there is no question to its identity.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

7 Jul 66 Cedar Rapids, Iowa

TDET/Maj Quintanilla, Jr/70916/h/22 Sep 66
UFO Sighting, 7 July 1966, Cedar Rapids, Iowa                SEP 2 6 1966

USAF (SAFDICC)

1. Reference the attached unidentified flying object report from Robert Lynn, Associate Member National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena. Contact was made with Dr. Charles Olivier, of the American Meteor Society regarding the observation of Mrs. The following is extracted from Dr. Olivier's letter:

"The object reported from Cedar Rapids, Iowa, by two people is absolutely a bright meteor or fireball; there is no question as to its identity. The date was night of July 7/7 2:32 a.m."

I wish most cases were as easy to decide on! The reports will be placed in our fireball card file."

2. Request you inform Mr. [redacted] and Mrs. [redacted] of our findings.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WARREN S. WHEELER, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology & Subsystems                1 Atch
                                                  UFO Rpt, 7 July 66
                                                  Cedar Rapids, Iowa

COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR:    MAJ QUINTANILLA, JR                DATED 23 Sep 66
TDET:                                             DATED 23 Sep 66


- page 2 -

Cedar Rapids, Iowa 52404
August 8, 1966

Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton
Ohio

Dear Sirs:

Enclosed is the report on a UFO observed by two people who live over two miles from each other. A copy of this report is being sent to the National Investigations Commitee on Aerial Phenomena, 1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W., Washington, D.C. 20036. I would appreciate it, if this report was investigated, and a copy of your evaluation he sent to me and to Inv. I would also like a set of forms (complete set - including forms for radar reports) which you send to observers.

Sincerely,
Robert Lynn
Robert Lynn
Associate Member
National Investigations
Committee on
Aerial Phenomena

rl/82


- page 3 -

Report of sighting on July 7, 1966, at 2:32 AM (CDT).
Sighted by: Mrs. L, at Rapids, Iowa 52404. Telephone: [redacted], Cedar [redacted]

Mrs. [redacted] and her husband had been sitting in the front yard because of the heat. A brisk breeze came up, so they went in the house. She was standing at the front door, ready to shut it, when she observed a bright green fire-ball come "downward" from the sky in an arc toward the ground. See diagram.

It disappeared "behind neighbors house". She said it looked 4th or 5th skyroocket, if they made them green in color", and "it looked like it fell in real shape's back yard. I told her to look for anything odd when they moved next time, but they found nothing".

She estimated that it was "about 400 feet" away. She did not recall if there had been aircraft in the area prior. During, or immediately after the sighting, she was looking East when she made the sighting (through a screen door). The observance lasted for a "few seconds". It was compared to the brightness of an auto headlight several yards away. There was no sound and the object appeared solid. The object did not give off smoke, sparks, or vapor. No did it appear to stand still, suddenly speed up, explode, flicker, throb, pulse, change shape, or brightness. The moon was hazy, scattered clouds were present.

She did not make a report to police or newspaper officials, but called a woman who also made the sighting (copy of news story included).

It was also observed by Mrs. S.W. [redacted].

WOMEN REPORTS SEEING A UFO IN C.R. SKIES -- Mrs. [redacted], 20 (UFO) stories. Hot until 2:32 a.m. Monday, that is. At that time, Mrs. [redacted] was awakened by a noise. Looking outside, she discovered that the wind was rustling trees adjacent to the house. Looking skyward, however, Mrs. [redacted] was amazed. She told the Gazette Monday that she saw a brilliant, colored object appear to the right of the moon and angling toward the ground. "The colors were magnificent. It was just beautiful," etc. [rest of text appears to be partially cut off]

Report submitted by Robert Lynn, Date: AUG. 8 1966, Report #: 5 on 66

Robert Lynn
Associate Member
National Investigations
Committee on
Aerial Phenomena

Address: 818 L Street S.E., Cedar Rapids, Iowa 52404


- page 4 -

FTD (TESTR) mils
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
15 August 1966

Dr. 
American Meteor Society
521 North Wynnewood Avenue
Narberth, Pennsylvania 19072

Dear Dr. 

I wish to thank you for your comments on the 14 July 1966 sightings over Narberth. They were most helpful.

The attached report of an observation on 7 July 1966 over Cedar Rapids, Iowa appears to be quite interesting. We would appreciate your comments as to the possibility of this being a meteor observation.

Your assistance on various sightings over the past years has proved to be quite valuable. We soon hope to have the first six months of 1966 sightings completed. Upon completion we will send you the meteor observations, for this period, excluding those for 25 April which were forwarded to you previously.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

1 Atch
Rpt, 7 Jul 66, Cedar Rapids,
Iowa


- page 5 -

UNIVERSITY of PENNSYLVANIA
Flower and Cook Observatory

1966-8-18
Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr. USAF
Wright-Patterson, AFB.

Dear Major Quintanilla:

The object reported from Cedar Rapids, Iowa, by two people is there is a bright meteor or fireball; absolutely no question as to its identity. The date was night of July 6/7 2:32 a.m.

I wish most cases were as easy to decide on. The reports will be placed in our fireball card file.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature redacted]

NAZARETH, PA
14672


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNIVERSITY of PENNSYLVANIA
FLOWER AND COOK OBSERVATORY
PHILADELPHIA, PA. 19104

Major Hector Quintanilla Jr., USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio 45433


- page 7 -

