The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or record from Project 10073, likely related to a reported UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 25 APRIL 65 0501322
2. LOCATION: THORNWOOD, N. Y.
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 SECONDS
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: GROUND VISUAL BC
7. COURSE: SEE SKETCH
8. PHOTOS: NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NO

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. The text in the document is as follows:

Dear Dan, can you see me now? 
April 26, 1966
To whom it may concern:
On the night of April 25, 1966 at 9:35 PM, I noticed an object in the sky, which at first to my eyes it was something that I have never seen before.
My description of it:
1. It passed bright over my head at a very high altitude.
2. It moved silently and had a strange old (red?) color.

- page 2 -

The image does not appear to contain any photograph. It shows handwritten text that describes a UFO sighting.

2. it was as big as a vsiuh
3. it made no sound
4. it was about 1500 feet in the 
air, traveling very fast 
5. it came from the north and went south
6. i watched it for 20 seconds
7. it went from horizon to horizon

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten text.

The text reads:

"It was a clear night and every star was visible. The moon was visible as I was walking, my dog. As it was the night of the Passover holiday, my husband saw the object through his field glasses. I notified the Mt. Pleasant Police Dept. who promised to investigate the object."

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten text describing some observations related to UFO sightings.

The text transcribed from the image is as follows:

8. The lights were evenly spaced and appeared to the ground.
9. The lights flickering and also not revolve also they were yellow change.
traveling at a single the inside was very compared to the air.
This is a drawing of what I saw.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows handwritten text on a document.

I would appreciate it if you would tell of me what I saw, because it is puzzling me. I would mrs. a Taine Thornwood, Thornwood, New York April 10, 1954 County: Westchester Thank you.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document or envelope with handwritten text.

The handwritten text on the document reads:

"PALMER DANE THORNWOOD,N.Y.

Project Blue Book Distribution National Archives, Washington, D.C. 20030"

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as complete and accurate information as possible concerning unidentified aerial phenomena (UAP) which you may have observed. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any data you supply.

1. When did you see the object? MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1966 
2. Time of day: 7:15 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): EASTERN 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? THORNWOOD, NEW YORK THORNWOOD, N.Y. WESTCHESTER COUNTY
5. How long was object in sight? (Test Duration) 15 MINUTES
5.1 How was time in sight determined? WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? (Yes)(No) 
6. What was the condition of the sky? (DAY) CLEAR (NIGHT) CLEAR
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

FTD FORM DEC 63 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the form used to gather information about a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Same
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Full moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. With lights
c. Transparent or translucent
d. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: Brilliant yellow_white

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Well-defined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It went over the trees and disappeared.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes. IF you answered Yes, it moved behind.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes. IF you answered Yes, in front of.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - It made no sound b. Color - White or color dim
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and estimate how much of the object is covered by the match head. if you have performed this experiment, how much of the object would the match head cover? At water it would cover 1/4 its size.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the direction of motion, relative size, color, and specifically indicate trails or visible rotation or other characteristics which you observed. Diagram contains a drawing of an oval-shaped object with a "trailing angle" and labels indicating "Oval," "Quite white," and "Traveling angle."

Text transcription:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It went over the trees and disappeared.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes. IF you answered Yes, it moved behind.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes. IF you answered Yes, in front of.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - It made no sound b. Color - White or color dim
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and estimate how much of the object is covered by the match head. if you have performed this experiment, how much of the object would the match head cover? At water it would cover 1/4 its size.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the direction of motion, relative size, color, and specifically indicate trails or visible rotation or other characteristics which you observed.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old project Blue Book UFO report document, with various questions and answer fields.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
Yes - Moving Faster / No - About 2000 Feet

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
Yes - About 2000 Feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
c. Outdoors

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city
c. In the open country (side)
e. Flying over open country

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
c. South

24.2 How fast were you moving? 
Blank

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes)
b. Sun-glasses (Yes)
c. Window-glass (Yes)
d. Windshield (Yes)
e. Binoculars (Yes)
f. Telescope (Yes)
g. Other (awaked eye)

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects when they first came into view, what they did while you watched them, and how they disappeared from view.
The object was a round shape and we could see it glowing in the sky. It would not stand still but was moving around quickly. That's placed in the sky. It just disappeared from the sky. All you could see is the glow after it disappeared.

- page 11 -

The image contains a sketch with a curved horizon line and an angled object shown above it. The instructions ask the viewer to imagine that the object was above the horizon and to indicate how high it was. There is also a compass rose in the right corner of the image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved horizon line to show where the horizon (skyline) was when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "C" on the line where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. HORIZON CAME OVERHEAD

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a UFO report document, likely part of Project Blue Book, containing a filled-out questionnaire.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
YES - No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES - No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
[redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] 
AGE 21
SEX FEMALE
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience which may relate to the sighting:
I LIVE ON MAIN ST. AND I SEE PLANES MANY DAY AND NIGHT AND SOMETIMES UNIDENTIFIABLE AIR PANE HELICOPTER.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
DATE APR 26
TO MT PLEASANT Wash. D.C.
PLEASE IF POSSIBLE ADDRESS TO NEAREST POST OFFICE OR CITY.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, with fields for the witness to provide information about their sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12 May 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

FTD (DEW) 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433
19 MAY 1966

Mrs. [REDACTED]
Thornwood, New York 10594

Dear Mrs. [REDACTED]:

Reference your unidentified observation of 25 April 1966. The information in your letter of 26 April was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF 
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 15 -

