The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP  1 Sep 66  03/03002
2. LOCATION Tulsa, Oklahoma
10. CONCLUSION (3 Witnesses) Satellite (ECHO 1)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Several minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS Observers viewed an unusually bright, rather pulsating light that changed from a red to a greyish color.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

TDSWR/MAJ H. QUINTANILLA, JR/70916/mba/12 SEP 66
Request for UFO Information on Sighting, 1 Sep 66.

Hq USAF (SAFODI)
Attn: Mrs. J. Hunt

Reference the attached letter requesting information on sighting.
The following is a suggested reply:

a. Dear Mrs. Hunt,
Reference your letter of 3 September 1966 concerning your observation of an unusual phenomena over the Tulsa skies on the night of 1 September 1966.

Your sighting has been studied in detail and we have determined that you probably observed the planet Venus traveling in an east direction. The description you provided indicates that the sighting was of a bright, star-like object in motion. Indeed, observations show that the fluctuations are assigned to meteorological conditions.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WARREN B. WHEELER, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Evaluation

COORDINATION:
TDSWR MAJ H. QUINTANILLA, JR 12 Sep 66
TSGT Z.E. DIER DATE 13 Sep 66

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the Office of Information of the USAF regarding an observation of an unusual phenomenon that was reported on September 3, 1966. The letter is addressed to Mr. [Redacted] in Tulsa, Oklahoma and is signed by George P. Freeman, Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF, Chief, Civil Branch, Office of Information.

The text of the letter is as follows:

SAF-OICC/hunt/ua/T90T9/215e
SEP 22 1966

Dear Mr. [Redacted]:

Reference is made to your letter of September 3, 1966 concerning your observation of an unusual phenomenon in the night sky on September 3, 1966.

Your sighting has been studied in detail, and it was determined that your observation was probably caused by the re-entry into the atmosphere of the ESSA 1 satellite on September 1, 1966. The description that you provided on September 3 traveling in an ESE direction is consistent with this satellite re-entry. The apparently rapid movement and the illusion of zigzag motion observed by you can be caused by this re-entry, and other observations show that similar illusions are closely related to such re-entry phenomena.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Office of Information

Mr. [Redacted]
Tulsa, Oklahoma 74126

SAF-OICC
Silent
File

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As requested, I will act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Tulsa, Oklahoma. 
Gentlemen: 
On the night of September 8, 1966 at approximately 8:00 p.m. my son, wife and I were returning to our home in Tulsa, Oklahoma from a visit to my wife's aunt who lives just west of the city. As we approached the city limits, I noticed a very bright light in the sky traveling in a northeasterly direction at a very high rate of speed. I immediately called it to the attention of my wife and son and all three of us observed the light for approximately 2 to 3 minutes before it disappeared from our view. 
The light appeared to be about the size of a basketball and was extremely bright, much brighter than any star or planet that we have ever seen. As it traveled, it would occasionally flash or blink on and off. The light did not appear to be attached to or connected with any type of aircraft, at least none that we could see. At the time of the observation, the sky was clear and the weather was calm with no wind.
This is the first time that any of us have ever seen anything like this and we were all quite amazed at what we observed. I would appreciate any information that you might be able to provide regarding this occurrence.
Sincerely yours,
[Signature]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

Dear as we as we could,
I made a sighting of what must have been a flying sauc4er. It seemed to come straight down
from a second or so when the top winked out and came straight out
My name inside of a hel3_copter or small plane on a regular flight or
perhaps a large balloon or blimp. However it was only visible for
a few seconds, andat a considerable distance, so I was not able to
make out many details. It seemed quite large and moved rapidly.
This is the sighting I described , and I am reporting it to you
as requested. Please let me know if you have any questions.
Sincerely,
Cadet Carot Van Meter
Campbell Division #2
Tulsa, Oklahoma

P.S. No photographs were made as it was very difficult to realize
in the time available that an unusual sighting was taking place.

- page 5 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch rather than a photograph. The sketch depicts a black object that is labeled as a "Black Object that UFO Disappeared into". There is also a label for a "UFO" in the upper right corner of the sketch.

UFO Encounter
Black Object that UFO Disappeared into

- page 6 -

