PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 10 June 66 11/024.5Z
2. LOCATION: Medway, Ohio (3 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: NP
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Possible (AIRCRAFT) Possible, - but needs follow up to settle down

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers noted object that appeared as a light that went out and the object shot straight up. A red light was observed that appeared to go up and down. When object took off there was a very loud roar as of a jet.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
10 June 1966

2. Time of day:
Between 9:45 and 10:20
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Medway, Ohio

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
10 Minutes Seconds

a. Certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? We knew what time we started out & what time it was when we stopped
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. Condition of the sky:
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 62 164         This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
First appearance is searchlight of landing plane but fluorescent

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other not seen

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Bright light went out all at once. Object shot straight up + up
with a red light going up + down

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   NO   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   NO   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None until it took off, then a very loud roar as a
b. Color: no color seen other than bright light + the red light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? None by Medick head;
perhaps a thumb nail would have blocked out.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included with notes: "moved up at
the angle", "It was not solid, appeared as seen - his shape etc.
a bright light + lower light together"]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? between 5 +10 miles ahead, at about 5000 ft height

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East            e. South
b. Northeast       d. Southeast       f. Southwest
                                       g. West - turned
                                       h. Northwest       South

24.2 How fast were you moving?   20 mph   miles per hour, at first - then stopped to watch

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No       e. Binoculars       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No       f. Telescope        Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No       g. Theodolite       Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No       h. Other:

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Previously mentioned, the first appearance was a bright light as a headlight of a landing plane with a smooth light following close behind with clear definition + getting closer to it, one could see it was not two objects but one with more than one light.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Only one w/more than one light. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put on an arrow to show the direction than they were traveling. (Chills swirling)

Page 5 is noted at the top right of the document.

The document contains two diagrams: one showing a compass rose and a curved line with angle measurements, and another showing a simple path of movement with points A and B.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
(age 7)
New Carlisle, Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS    New Carlisle    Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER    AGE 28    SEX F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
Served 10 years in the Air Force; just resigned in October 1965

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
11    June    1966 - WHIO TV
Day    Month    Year    Wright-Patterson Flight Testing


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    11    July    1966
                                             Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

When we spotted the lights we first thought a plane was in trouble and was being tailed. We thought it was coming our direction & would land up the road. My husband said, "No, it was not getting a land" he thought it was a permanently-fixed light on a "tall pole" - we decided to drive closer.

We watched it continuously as we made a left turn and drove about 1½ miles. We both fully expected it would strike a little way and suddenly realize that it's a lighted advertisement on a pole. What it is, but we saw that it was too high for that. My husband stopped the car & got out. Suddenly the bright light went out - there was a very loud roar & away it went up very fast. Then the red light was going up and down not round and round as it flew off & out of sight. The up and down motion of the red light looked like it was moving in a range of several yards, etc.

[Note: The last part of the text is partially cut off or obscured]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

New Carlisle, Ohio
Medway
10 June 66

FJED (TWSA)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
15 June 1966

New Carlisle, Ohio 45324

Dear

Reference your recent unidentified observation which you reported to the Duty Officer at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio. The information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 9 -

