There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a detailed description of an observation of an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
A. Dec. 66 - 5/00152
3. SOURCE
Military
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
7-10 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
N/A
8. PHOTOS
No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched an oval shaped red-orange glowing object which appeared to be hovering above the area, and appeared to be observed from a distance. The object appeared to have a lighter center and to be lit up. The observers felt that the object should again be visible, they could not locate it. A visual check of the area by the investigators revealed a dirt road which follows the valley floor and runs parallel to the Honda Ridge Road. It appears the observers observed a ground light and that the glow was reflecting off the dirt road into the hills.

FTD SEP 43 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed document describing an unidentified flying object (UFO) report. 

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE (AFCIN-XEE)
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: BOB

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO: AFSC (FDD)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

In accordance with AFR 200-2 as supplemented, the following Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) Report is submitted for your action:

a. Description of the object(s):
(1) Observer number 1 - oval.
(2) Observer number 2 - eggshape.
(3) Observer number 1 and 2 - compared to the size of a hair dollar held at arms length.
(4) Observer number 1 and 2 - one.
(5) N/A
(6) Observer number 2 - it gave off a light like a fire but had no discernible features.
(7) Observer number 1 and 2 - no tail, trail, or exhaust
(8) Observer number 1 and 2 - no sound heard even after the trucks engines was shut off. However both observers stated that the wind object could have muffled out any moderate noise the object could have made.
(9) Observer numbers 1 and 2, with aircraft, helicopters, blimps, and missiles, both observers claimed familiarity with aircraft of these types, the object did not resemble any of these vehicles.

b. Description of course of object(s):

Peace...is our Profession

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Observer number 1 and 2 were driving down Honda Ridge Road. Observer number 2 was looking down into the valley for deer when he saw what appeared to be a flare. The document provides detailed descriptions of the sightings by observer number 1 and 2.

The text in the document is as follows:

(C1) Observer number 1 and 2 were driving down Honda Ridge Road.
Observer number 2 was looking down into the valley for deer, when he saw what appeared to be a flare. He immediately brought it to the attention of observer number 1.

(C2) Observer number 1 and 2 - Approximately thirty (30) degrees below the horizon and apparently behind some trees or bushes.

(C3) Observer number 1 and 2 - On the same plane (same 30 degree elevation) And approximately twenty (20) degrees above the horizon.

(C4) Observer number 1 and 2 - Object seemed to be hovering above the ground approximately 1 mile into the wind, and appeared to be following the creek.

(C5) The object descended and observer's attention was drawn to a large animal (Coyote?) on the side of a hill. When the observers rounded the hill to a point where the object should again be visible, they could not locate it.

(C6) Observer number 1 - Twice visible. Once for 4 seconds and once for 3 seconds. Observer number 2 - Twice visible. Once for 7 seconds and once for 4 seconds.

c. Manner of observations:
(C1) Observer number 1 and 2 - Ground - visual.
(C2) N/A
(C3) N/A

d. Time and date of sighting:
(C1) Observer number 1 and 2 - 5 Dec 1966, 0015Z. 
(C2) Dusk.

e. Location of the observers:
(C1) Longitude 120° 37' W., Latitude 34° 37' N. Approximately 1 mile east of the Honda Canyon Road.

f. Identifying information on observer(s):
(C1) Observer number 1 - 1Lt/919121, USAF, Motion picture photographer, tracking movie camera on active duty for less than a year. He stated that he was familiar with conventional aircraft, but could not identify the object with anything he had seen before.

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

1969 Photo Sg.: Daily motion picture photographer, tracking missiles launched at Vandenberg AFB. Missed object due to malfunction, but like observer number 1 he also could not identify the object with anything he was familiar with. The supervisor should report sightings from both observers fell reluctant to support the UFO report.

Weather and Winds - Aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:
(1) Observer number 1 - Ceiling 1000 ft. haze and rain.
(2) Observer number 2 - Visibility in the valley in the direction of the object was good due to the wind velocity which he guessed to be about 32 knots.
(2) Surface wind at Vandenberg AFB which is the closest weather station was 14° at 12 knots.
(3) 6000 ceiling
(4) 7 miles
(5) Overcast
(6) N/A
(7) N/A

"Report by the Presparing Officer with local airports, Base air police, range operations and Battelle Northwest: A company operating in the area of the sighting failed to produce any unusual occurrences."

1. N/A

"According to the Base weather station, the peak hour at 6 a.m. 8 December 1966 at Ely, Nevada and South Vandenberg GS Range was 5 m.p.h. However, none of the agencies launched a red or orange balloon or a balloon of the color that could have been identified as the UFO."

Cy L. Asta, Captain, USAF, PV310950J, Helicopter Pilot, 4392 Aerospacion Support Group, Vandenberg AFB, California.

Analysis by preparing officers: A visual check of the area by helicopter pilots disclosed nothing visually that could be attributed to the reported UFO. This could have been due to the lapse of time (over 12 hours) from the time of the sighting to the time of the visual check. It is the opinion of the preparing officer that the object observed was a round vehicle that was traveling up Honda Canyon Road. It is the opinion of the preparing officer that the object observed was a round vehicle that was traveling up Honda Canyon Road.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

the dirt road into the hills. Due to the existing weather
and the foliage in the area, it would be possible to erroneously identify
a vehicle.

FOR THE COMMANDER
DICK DIXON, Lt Colonel, USAF
Director of Operations

- page 5 -

