The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP
23 March 66

2. LOCATION
Ft Pierce, Florida 
(2 witnesses)

3. SOURCE 
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Insufficient Data

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
N/R

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION 
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
South

8. PHOTOS
a. Yes
b. No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
a. Yes
b. No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Two young observers were going to Scout's and while on their way through the woods when they noticed a bright object. They first thought it was a rocket but then scooped and figured it was a balloon painted with fluorescent paint. As they went on the object got brighter, it got so bright they couldn't look at it. They thought it was hovering, and found it on the ground. As soon as they got close enough to see what it was, it blew up.

- page 1 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter describing a UFO sighting and mentioning the Project Blue Book Brochure and Dr. Carl Sagan's paper on UFOs.

The text in the document is as follows:

FT PIERCE FU ~~~E S;~.o~WA?n~R~ .

FTD (STEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
29 April 1966

Fort Pierce, Florida 33450

Dear Sir,

Your letter explaining what you saw is very sketchy and impossible to explain because too many details are missing. Please fill out the attached form and return it to us for further investigation.

Also attached are the Project Blue Book Brochure, Dr. Carl Sagan's paper on UFOs, and a few summaries which have been forwarded to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

LEONARD 5. STRINGFIELD
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter describing a UFO sighting.

Dear Sir's:
I am a-typing this letter to you because I am a believer in U.F.O.'s. So this is the story of when a friend of mine and I saw what we believe is not swamp gases, balloon's, or anything like that. My friend and I were going to scout's on March 29, 1966. We have to walk through the woods to get there.So we were going along when we saw a bright object. We thought it was a rocket, so we stopped to watch it. In our town, we can see rockets go off. A downrange rocket can be bright, so we didn't think it was a flying saucer. Then I stopped to think, rocket's aren't seen taking off from the south. I told my friend, he agreed, to though it it was a balloon, the kind painted with fluorescent paint. So we sat and wondered go, go, we went on, then it got brighther. We stopped again. Then it got so bright, we couldn't look at it. So then we got to wondering. No balloon does this! So it went out like when you turn out a light. So we went walking around where we thought it was hovering. Sure enough, it was on the ground. As soon as we got close enough to see what it was, it blew up! So we hauled buggy out of there. We told my brother who was in St. Louis. He is in the Air Force. We told him when he called home one night. He didn't believe me. So far he is the only one, except my sister, & 2 cousins who I told. So the next day, my friend and I did a little investigating. We called Pal m Beach airport. We asked them if they sent any balloons up the past 2 weeks. They said NO. Then we called Pal m Beach airport. They said they haven't sent any balloons up the past 2 weeks.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document that contains handwritten text.

They also said no. So we called Miami. Same thing. So it wasn't went on that we couldn't find any clues as to what it was. So that is why I am writing this letter. Maybe you could tell us what it was? If you can send me information on U.F.O.'s that acted like this. I would appreciate it.

Thank you.
My adrress is:
[redacted]

Thank You,
[redacted]

- page 4 -

