Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 27 June 66  28/0513z

2. LOCATION: Boothville, Louisiana

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual

7. COURSE: NW

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Aircraft (possibly)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers noted white colored object that was traveling to and fro... [rest of text is partially illegible]

The document appears to be a standard Project Blue Book UFO sighting report form from June 1966 in Boothville, Louisiana.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

6. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
6.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

6.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. It appeared as a light, was or brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
The light was equal to 3 night lights.

12. The edges of the object were (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: Hazy to the right, hazy from the edges, the light was very bright and very compact, most of the bright.

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know

Handwritten note at bottom appears to continue a description, but is partially cut off.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   It was cruising about 350 mph, until it stopped, and then it picked up to a terrific speed.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   The object was 2 blocks away and then would hover over my home straight up.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over country?
g. Other

24. IF YOU WERE MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             e. South
b. Northeast         f. Southwest
c. East              g. West
d. Southeast         h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other Native eyes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The object looked like an enormous revolving or blinking white shining star, with some sort of a trail of it.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

[Handwritten note on compass: We saw it go straight up.]

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten notes: Blinked, stopped and kept light on. All the night up. It zig-zagged in the stars. Dimately trees field. Our house. My husband saw it coming from a distance.]

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? This was a picture. Show the direction that they were traveling.

[Handwritten notes: Note comments enclosed on last pages.]


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

This thing could have been shot at, if it was so big, and so close to us. Then we never seen it before.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw this? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

My husband saw the object first, and then called for me to come see.
Ma and Mrs.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
Buras 4 La.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 54 SEX Male ZIP 70021

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience which might be relevant:

The families with weather ballons, aircraft and etc.
Lender was in the Coast Guard in 1951 thru 1955.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

28 June 1966 Called the police force the next morning


- page 5 -

I have reason to believe that the tall Cable T.V. tower, may have some attraction to these other objects that we have seen.

We don't just look for these things, they just happen to draw our attention. We are not positive about these other 4 U.F.O's, but we are positive the June 27th U.F.O. was one.

I'm also sure that with a large spot light these other objects could be seen better.

We are also sure, that there things were when might looking at them, because they soon put the light off.

Please inform us on the possibility of the other 4 objects details or laboratory, could be identified.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    28    Oct.    1966
                                             Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Clear night that this object was a craft of some kind.
Since this sighting we, and some relatives, have noticed a specific path of another U.F.O. traveling out of the NW to the SE. We have seen this happen between the hours of 6:46pm. to 8:30pm.
It has the characteristics as follows:
Its a bright white light traveling about 40 mph. and around 400 feet over the Miss. River. It travels past a tall Cable T.V. tower, then it changes to a red light. Then after seeing it for awhile, it turns the light off. This was proven by me calling my Mom and Dad into lines 3/4 mi. Below us. They saw it do these things. We have seen it travel on the same path, and do the same things.

(nice)    (SEE DIAGRAM ENCLOSED)


- page 7 -

Dear Sir,

Perhaps you would be interested in these drawings of the UFO we saw, plus the other strange objects we saw.

I won't call the other objects UFOs only because they were far away.

I thought these drawings would help you as I keep a record of all the weird sightings we have seen.

Yours truly,

[Signature area is blacked out]

Date in top right corner: 11-29-66


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

THE U.F.O.

LARGE
BLINKING GLOW
WHITE

THE BIG ONE

1.2 mi DOWN
the road

MOTEL

FIELD

OUR HOUSE

JUNE 27, 1966

11:15 pm


- page 9 -

Here are the diagrams
of the 4 U.F.O. subjects
we saw using the same
path and doing the same thing.

We can see
this thing
coming at
about 12mi
before it
passes us.

Video
Cable T.V
Tower
About 340' High

These are the Dates, Over
the Times were Approx 7:30pm.

1. Aug 25, 1966 - Seen by 2 people.
2. Oct 10, 1966 - Seen by 5 people.
3. Oct 10, 1966 - 2nd one by 3 people.
4. Oct 24, 1966 - Seen by 4 people.

NW to SE
Traveling

It pops from
a yellowish white
to a bright red
here.

Still
Traveling
in NE
to here,
then it
turns its
light off
here.

It was a steady glow
and blinked once or
twice when in the
red stage.

Mississippi River

Our House


- page 10 -

OTHER STRANGE OBJECTS
WE'VE SEEN:

ONE LARGE WHITE GLOW
BREAKING INTO TWO
WHITE GLOWS AND
TRAVELING OUT OF
SIGHT.

Very
High

SNIFF

4:30

My Husband and Father-in-law saw
this east while standing on Oct. 4, 1966


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

My 13 year old daughter told me of the sighting when the looked out of her drapes to see that my brother-in-law was parked in the driveway to pick up my husband to go traveling. My brother-in-law was inside.

(EACH Object)
The 2 Objects were as small as a portable T.V.

SHE SAW 2 LIGHTS coming to our DRIVEWAY.

CIRCLED
TWICE
AROUND
THE
VIDEO
TOWER
AND
JOINED
TOGETHER
THE
RIVER TO A
RED GLOW

THEY PASSED
HER WINDOW

SEEN Oct 4th 1966
3:30 am

My Brother-in-Laws
TRUCK

LOOK
HOUSE


- page 12 -

ANOTHER STRANGE OBJECT.

BOTH WERE WHITE AND A STEADY GLOW.

We saw this enormous glow in the stars, and a smaller glow moving around the large one. Suddenly the smaller glow moved to the right of the large one, and turns it light off. The large one faded out of sight to.

90° STRAIGHT UP.

OUR HOUSE

OCT. 12, 1966

SEEN BY MY FAMILY
SON - 10
DAUGHTER - 13
AGE - 30-34

APPROX.
7:30 PM

There is also a hand-drawn sketch showing a small and large object near some stars, with an arrow pointing straight up.


- page 13 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please be as complete as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
20th June 1966
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 11    15
           Hour   Minutes   (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Boothville, La.   Boothville   La.
Nearest Postal Address     City or Town     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
                    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Looked at the clock and determined

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
        DAY             NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
              b. In back of you    e. Overhead
              c. To your right     f. Don't remember
                                      N/O

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Only when it went beyond the stars did it go out of sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound, no idle.
b. Color: Bright white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
It would have barely covered a small portion of the object while it was at a low altitude. Approx. 300 feet above the ground.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with rays/light around it]

The object was lighted up. It was obvious to see it was some kind of a jet type tail in the back or vapor trail. Moving from SE to NW. It was out of sight.


- page 15 -

