1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 7 July 66    7/0500Z

2. LOCATION: Girard, Ohio

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual

7. COURSE: NE

8. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes    [X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [ ] Yes    [X] No

10. CONCLUSION: Other (psychological)    [handwritten: Jry]

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer noted dark mass in front of exhaust. Object had indefinite shape. Exhaust light shut off completely for 5 seconds. After the exhaust light disappeared the dark mass was still visible. Exhaust light came on again at a considerable distance further toward the northeast. Object disappeared behind some trees. There was no sound of any type noted.

Personnel interview with witness revealed he had some type of ESP. He felt that the men in the craft were trying to communicate with him. He felt that the craft was not from outer-space but a result of ingeneous Russian design. Observer stated he had this form of ESP and could feel persons thinking about him from a distance. He definitely believed that the men in the craft were observing him. This wasomhat caused them to cut off the exhaust for the brief period.

FORM
FTD SEP 43 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) (Yes) No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? APPROX. SAME AS JET PLANE
POSSIBLY FASTER & SLOWER

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) (Yes) No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1 MILE

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
(c) Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ___________
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
(b) In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East            e. South            g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest       h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)      Yes      No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? N O.
a. Eyeglasses      Yes      No      e. Binoculars      Yes      No
b. Sun glasses     Yes      No      f. Telescope       Yes      No
c. Windshield      Yes      No      g. Theodolite      Yes      No
d. Window glass    Yes      No      h. Other ___________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
NEVER SAW ANYTHING LIKE IT.

- page 2 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90° 75°
60°
45°
B
A 30°
15°
0°

[Drawing of curved line showing angle measurements from 0° to 90°, with point labeled as observer position on left; compass rose diagram on right showing N, NW, NE, W, E, SW, SE, S directions]

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

FURTHER DIMMED BY HIGH C-HEIGHT.
[handwritten: OBSERVER→ i← EXHAUST LIGHT WENT OFF]
[handwritten: ON COURSE WITHOUT ANY]
[handwritten: CHANGE IN ALTITUDE OR]
[handwritten: DIRECTION.]
[handwritten: IT APPEARED TO MOVE STEADILY STRAIGHT AHEAD]

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ONLY ONE.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

NEVER.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    (No)

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME ___[redacted]___    ___[redacted]___    ___[redacted]___
              Last Name                First Name                Middle Name

ADDRESS ___[redacted]___, GIRARD    44420    OHIO
              Street                    City              Zone      State

TELEPHONE NUMBER ___[redacted]___, AGE 51    SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER
CONSIDERABLE SCIENTIFIC INTEREST
STRONG CURIOSITY
WORLD WAR II INFANTRY VET. (EUROPE)
HAVE FOLLOWED SCIENTIFIC PROGRESS IN SPACE AGE
IN MAGAZINES, NEWSPAPERS, T.V.,
HAVE OBSERVED NIGHT AND DAY [illegible] AND JET
[illegible] BOMBERS AND [illegible] [illegible]
[illegible] AND PRACTICED [illegible] AND THE ASTRONAUTS GO TO
HAVE FLOWN IN AIRPLANES PLANES NIGHT AND DAY.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

__9___    JULY    1966        YOUNGSTOWN
Day          Month      Year           MUNICIPAL
MAYOR HALL - 967 TRAVIS WARREN SQR. AIRPORT

- page 4 -

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 11 [illegible] AUG. 1966
                                           Day    Month  Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[handwritten: There were no noticeable wind to carry the sound away when the U.F.O. was sighted.

There was wearing a white shirt and standing in the light of a street light which was approx 50ft. away. As it stated straight-headed level directly upward at the U.F.O. in the center, they the exhaust light went off completely, for approx. 5 seconds and. that came back on fairly, approx.3 seconds before a high tree ended the sighting. Could it be that they close.ed me watching the craft? dust possible that they shut off the exhaust light periodically so that any ground observer would loose track of their craft.

Could it be that the light from an street miles (Struthers to Warren Ca.) for 20 miles) above them to this area?

When I saw this alien craft moving as low so slow and so close across the eastern steel it kind a mixed reaction of awe (I) some wonderment U also felt that the curtain of the future had been drawn aside and, D.F.O.s looking at something which belonged in the next century. I packed myself high-flying U-2's and with scientific equipment, to able to photograph evidence like]

- page 5 -

Page 8

[handwritten: Uncle accurate answers to the questions about the U.F.O.'s ?]

- page 6 -

[handwritten: Aug. 16, 1966]

Dear Major Quintanilla:

I have given this questionnaire considerable time thought and tried, to make it as accurate and complete as humanly possible. I have great it as though it were an examination in which I wished to score a high grade.

I am very much interested and I am firmly convinced that I observed a U.F.O. on July 17th. The exhaust was broad and different than any exhaust that I have ever seen including jets and all rockets used at Cape Kennedy. Although the exhaust stream of the rockets at the launching pad at Cape Kennedy would be far longer than what saw

[redacted section] otte Dame guest, in Villas, Cla [?] Capilaro 5 miles from my residence) reported sighting several U.F.O.'s through binoculars at about 5 A.M., one morning during the first week of the month.

I talked with him and from his description of the end the way in which they flew el belief, that they were U.F.O.'s.

I gave him your address to send in a report.

Sincerely yours,

[redacted signature]

- page 7 -

[handwritten: CIRCLED U.S. 7 July = 6 Aug]

FTD (ATEDR)/M2
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
12 August 1956

[redacted section]
Girard, Ohio 44420

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Reference your unidentified observations of July 7 and August 5, 1956. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return them in the envelopes provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observations to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

[handwritten signature] Gerald QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

[stamp: OFFICIAL FILE COPY]
[handwritten: 20 AUG 1956]

- page 8 -

[handwritten: July 12th
Chicago
Ill]

[handwritten in box: April or
but copy]

July 8, 1966

Dear Sir:

I would like to make a report on some U.F.O. observations which may be of interest to you. I am a high school language teacher with considerable scientific interest and astrology capacity. I have excellent vision and hearing and have never been subject to hallucinations.

As an infantry veteran in World War I, I observed many fearful and awesome sights. So I am not easily impressed or frightened.

I have followed scientific progress in the space age in magazines and newspapers. I have observed passing method day and night, the single engine biplane monoplane, helicopter, dirigible, propeller and jet fighters and bombers and the new passenger jet. I have observed the "Oct." balloon traveling high overhead and watch for T.V. the astronauts give at Cape Kennedy.

I have flown night and day in passenger planes since learning that U.F.O's have been sighted in various sections of the U.S. I keep scanning the sky in all directions whenever it goes outside, lately night.

- page 9 -

[handwritten:]

to-averted some newly planted shrubs.

My first observation of a U.F.O. was on July 7th,
at 1 AM, in the morning.

On the night, visibility was excellent, the
sky was full of stars and the moon about 3/4s full
was about 150 above the horizon in the east.

As I stood in my front yard, looking toward
the east, I became aware of a light approaching
from the southwest, at the periphery of my vision.
As it became silhouetted against the dark
eastern sky, I had a better view. It was approx
45° above the horizon. The exhaust was a white,/tan
shape with a dark streak running through its center.
The exhaust was so large that it would have
taken me half a dollar bill held at arm's length
to have completely covered it. It seemed to be
more broad than long.

I could not make out the exact shape of the
dark body of the craft which noticed blacking at
the stars as it passed. There were no lights
visible in the dark body of the craft.

It was traveling at approx. the speed of a jet
plane, but there was no sound whatsoever, at any time.
The exhaust light turned completely off for a second or so
and then came back on, at a considerable distance from the
sling in the eastern sky. There was nothing to block the view;

- page 10 -

[handwritten: it would say that it was at an altitude of approx 1000 ft and about 1 mile distant it came from the southwest and went northeast.

I admit that I was awe struck for a few minutes at the audacity of this alien craft flying so low in the heartland of america. I had same fearful, creepy feeling of being observed (came back again) that I had when German spotter planes were circling slowly overhead observing the ground during WWII.

at 12:15 A.M. in the morning aug. 16th, I believe that I may have observed another U.F.O.

I was in the back yard watering shrubs, and had stopped, and was looking directly overhead at the stars in the ceiling or zenith of the sky to see if I could discern anything moving.

all in an instant this thing flashed directly overhead, right into my field of vision. I had not noticed its approach.

The exhaust was a long finalized shape, it would have taken on 12 inch disk under, with a width of 1½ inches (held at arms length) to have completely covered the exhaust. The exhaust was a dark red with a burning large, there were streams of white running through the red reminded in color to the white of a red's flame.]

- page 11 -

[NON-TEXT PAGE: Hand-drawn sketch of a rocket-shaped object at top of page]

DESCRIPTION                                EST. ACCURACY

BODY SIZE-2 DINIES(ARM'S LENGTH)           75%

BODY SHAPE - ROCKET                        75%

BODY COLOR - DUSKY BROWN                   50%

EXHAUST SIZE- 1 PENNY(ARM'S LENGTH)        90%

EXHAUST SHAPE - BROAD BELL SHAPE           100%

EXHAUST COLOR - WHITE (DARK STREAK         100%
                THROUGH CENTER)
LITTLE LARGER THAN
¼ MOON AT 15° ALTITUDE

EXHAUST SOUND - ABSOLUTELY                 100%
                NO NOTICEABLE WIND

EXHAUST LIGHT - WENT OFF APPROX. 5 SEC.   100%
                CRAFT MOVED AT SAME SPEED

TIMEVIEWED - APPROX. 30 SEC.              90%

EST SPEED     - 300 MPH                   90%

ANGLE OF VISION - 45°                     90%

EST. DISTANCE    - 1 MILE                 90%
FROM OBSERVER

EST. ALTITUDE - 1600 FT.                  50%

DIRECTION OF FLIGHT - SOUTHWEST - NORTHEAST

VISIBILITY - ¼ MOON IS° ABOVE EASTERN     
             HORIZON
             NO HAZE OR CLOUDS
             COUNTLESS STARS

TIMEVIEWED - APPROX. 1 A.M., JULY 7, 1966

LOCATION OF OBSERVER - CENTER OF GIRARD, OHIO
                       ADJOINS YOUNGSTOWN IN
                       NORT

- page 12 -

[handwritten: It attached itself about a mile of the road as a long flat, straight truck in the sky. Time it the southwest. It seemed to travel at the time of about eight as the white, meanwhile shooting stars.

It appeared to be at 3000 ft. altitude. The stars in the zenith of the sky were for about.

I could not observe any body in front of the exhaust. There was no sound whatever at any time. Could this have been a meteorite?

I hope that my report has contributed something of value to your investigations.

Respectfully yours,

[redacted signature]

[redacted name]

Sidney, Ohio]

- page 13 -

Conversation of Mr. [illegible] on 29 August 1956 on interview with Major R. Quintanilla, Jr and 1st Lt. William F. Marley.

Since I didn't have instruments my first opinion of the size of ½ the size of a one dollar bill is in error. Later in comparing it in my mind I discovered my mistake. On Friday the moon was at the same height and I found that the size should have been a penny. Exhaust was a little larger than the moon. Object passed right over the moon and was a little larger than the moon on 7 July. I have some basic scientific background. Now to get to the description:

Body size - 2 dimes held at arm's length - 75% accuracy

Using an object to cover object I would use two dimes. I figure this with 75% accuracy. Moon was 3/4 full, 15 degrees above the horizon. Moon threw some light on the object. Object passed over the moon. It was so close and low.

Now - off the subject. There have been accounts in the newspaper. So many people have seen UFOs that there must be something to them. In May I set shrubs out and watering them, and have been looking twice a week from 1100 (2300) - 0100 while watering these. I have had opportunities for considerable observations. I have been looking for it. Stars helped to illuminate it and so did the moon. Object was about one mile distant. Moon 3/4 full, I checked with the calender. Big exhaust threw illumination on the object. Only viewed it for about thirty seconds.

Body shape like a rocket. Couldn't be real definite.

Body color was dusky brown. Could tell from illumination. Couldn't be real certain.

- page 14 -

Exhaust was silhouetted against the sky. Big bell shaped coming around and a dark streak through the center. Perfect silhouette against the sky. One penny would cover it.

One thinks it takes a larger object to cover it when its low.

When it gets high in the sky you don't need anything so big.

There was this white with a dark streak. Pretty sure of the exhaust size. Can compare it with the moon. Looking straight East and off to the right saw a light coming from south sky and steadily coming closer. This object passed in back of a street light. Then I could see what was coming. Could see the body shape then. It was at 30 deg first then at a 45 deg angle. No sound. Have heard helicopters, jets, aircraft, etc before. Just no sound. Maybe if it was closer I would have heard a noise. A piper cub at that distance would have made a noise. No sound on this. Strange thing when it came directly in front of me at a 45 deg. the exhaust went off like a light switch. Then when it came back on 5 seconds later it was just like somebody had turned on a light switch. No change in the speed. For the time viewed I had a watch on but I was so awe struck, just froze. I saw aircraft overseas. I just turned my head. I was so awe struck. Didn't have light enough to look at my watch. I retired it later. Object didn't disappear. High trees 150 ft high blocked it off. I froze so that I didn't move, guess if I would have moved I could have saw it again but I just froze. Estimated speed of 300mph. Went considerably slower than a jet. Similar to a prop plane. It was slow and low. Think it was doing some observing.

I feel that the 1000 ft alt is about 50% accurate. Not real high, possibly 2000 ft alt. Everything was so plain. Don't think it was real low

2

- page 15 -

for it was over the tree tops and above the houses. Moon was 15 deg elevation
in the eastern sky, object was 45 deg elevation. Exhaust was so large could see
the body fairly well, so I think it was 1000 ft alt. It is hard to tell altitude.
First saw it in the southern sky. The angle seemed to be from the southwest.
Would have come across the Youngstown factories, twenty miles of steel factories.
(Mr. Howells named approximately 10 - 15 steel factories and other factories
here). It couldn't help but go over the mills.

No haze or clouds, none any where. There were countless stars in the
sky.

Looking directly to the east when I noticed light first appear. Just
at edge of visition when I first noticed it. Frequently saw aircraft. Think
the air strike was in effect. Airport 5 miles north of us. See jets pass, planes
going east to west, the Air Force planes going east and west, going all night
long. Can hear the jets even when they are only specks. I didn't observe any
protrusions, tail fins, stubby wings, etc. Perhaps this was due to the
whiteness. It wasn't a dazzling white but more like a white in a candle.
Didn't blind your eyes. Wasn't as white as a star. More like the white of
a candle. Similar to a flourescent light. Little brighter than a candle.

Bodyshape right in front, dusky brown. It appeared a little larger
than 3/4 of the moon. 15 - 30 deg above the moon. Think the angle is pretty
close. Believe I am within 5 deg. I went out Saturday morning. I called it
into the 907 troop Squadron, Major Hall. Used to have a Jet Fighter Squadron at
Youngstown. Used to be going night and day about 10 years ago. Going mostly
South. Called out there. I have only mentioned it to a few people. I
have come to the conclusion for the fact of national security that people get
worked up that I think it is best to keep it quiet. When I am busy I forget

3

- page 16 -

about it. Doesn't prey to much upon my mind. Somebody suggested I report it.
Hadn't heard of Project Blue Book. Didn't like newspaper publicity. If it
is the Russians don't let them know we know about it. Don't want to excite
people. If anybody would ask about it, then I am not going to tell anybody
about it.

Called Troop Squadron on Saturday and asked to speak to officer.
Had a meeting with Major Hall on what I saw, he had a steno.Also gave him a
mistaken report of ⅜ dollar on the size. Not going to say anything more
to any civilian. Think it is a matter of national security that I keep quiet.
(Major Quintanilla informed [redacted] that we would check into it.)

I have a pair of bx in the house but object would have been gone. I
couldn't go for binoculars nor for a witness. Caught me completely by surprise.
My mind has never played any tricks so I observed twice a week for two hours.
I have been looking for something like this. Heard what everybody had been
seeing. The only improvement that could have been in my observation would
have been for it to go right overhead. If I hadhad binoculars it would have
been helpful.

Youngstown will have radar in January but it will only detect for
40 miles. These UFOs come over in early morning hours. In the spring there
was a Sheriff Deputy that saw one near East Liverpool. Northeastern Ohio
area seems to be a good tracking area. Ashtabula had one on the ground not
too long ago that when he approached the spot it disappeared. Don't know
what he had to say. This is in Northeast Ohio. Teenagers saw something in
Erie. Can't believe everything in the newspapers. I heard about Martin Brutz
on 6 August, several objects from Miles, saw it in the Northeast
at 0500 hours darting through binoculars for several hours.

4

- page 17 -

The darting was like a helicopter, might be capable of great
speed. Seemed to be for the object to stay on straight course. Seems to
be a different type of object than the ones that others have seen. There are
more than one type of UFO you know. This is the only description that I
can give. This is a mental image from the distance which I observed. I
was fortunate to be so close to see such a large exhaust and I could make
out the body fairly well.

I don't want my name released. Major Quintanilla informed Mr.
[redacted] that he would not release his name to the newspaper. I have told
about ½ dozen people, including physics teacher who said it could be
Russian. Remember 1957 with Sputnik that the schools said we weren't quite
as good as they are. They made us look pretty bad. Made me wonder. It
was the 40th anniversary of the Communist Revolution in Russia. Next year it
will be the 50th anniversary.Will that reveal that this next year they will
go to the moon. Nothing we can do to stop them. We aren't as fast with
our rockets to get to the moonf first.

I sent a letter to MacNamera. It is something for the Defense
Department. Perhaps they think it is best not to give it any notice. I
don't want it to be like a dog's bone, it deserves a full discussion and airing.
My mind has never played me any tricks.

Hall, I went down and talked to him personally. He didn't have
any ideas. He was going to send a report in. He had a steno take the
information down.

Now I would like to go into another subject. I would like to know
if you believe in extra-sensory-perception. Anything is possible. Major
replied that he had heard of Jean Dixon and a few others. Well there is
a lady in Philadelphia who can describe a criminal and tell when a crime is

5

- page 18 -

taking place. Her extra-sensory works so that police believe her. I think
there is something to extra-sensory-perception. Read that archeologists
predict that man will be able to communicate from mind to mind. Will take
thousands of years. Feel that I have extra-sensory-perception. So
certain that I don't pay attention to it. Just like a radio. Mine
isn't like seeing something going to happen. Can detect personality
even though I cannot see them. If person has a certain type of emotional
reaction I can see this. I went to western Reserve University in 1963 and
had a Dr. Allen, was head of education. He is precise man, formal, correct
in his manners and firm rather stern man. That is a picture of his personality.
I got to know him fairly well. I returned in 63' and going down the street,
just as I passed a building I had the feeling he was observing me from
his office across the street. He remembered me from 55'. Just as I passed
the building the feeling left.

I read late into the night. Cars go along the side of the house.
Lights go right through the walls of the house. Can't place any of them.
Get them as an emotional reaction.

Wasn't going back to teaching this fall. A school superintendent
lives in back of grandparents and I think somebody recommended me to him
because they are trying to get me to go to the boarding school and teach.
His wife is observing me through the house . I never met the Dr. Miclonger's
wife, supt of schools. These schools they check on the type of person they
hire. Get her personality of correct and formal kind person. I have been
out in the yard and observe his personality then turn and look around and
he is there. This happens with various persons. Putting applications in

6

- page 19 -

for teaching they come around and check your neigbors and I have received
a tip off and somebody goes by like a school superintendent. This happens
again and again. Have done it so many times that it is full proof. Haven't
even told my own relatives about this. So, I have this emotional sensory
perception. I can't look into the future. Just getting an emotional
reaction. Receiving a personality.

Observed it approaching from the South didn't get anything until
I looked directly up into the sky of those in the craft. Using high power
because I received an impression of him studying the ground. Never had
thie reaction before. Had it from superintendent from closer range. I
felt it. Have been able to detect whether it was a man or a woman. Get
a different impression from a man than from a woman. This was a man observing
because I have observed by men before. Therefore, I had the same reaction.
Color white. His head was huge, was possibly due to the fact that he was
looking through a telescope. The white appearance was so because of the
high powered telescope. This telescope influenced the emotional reaction
through. Have never received such an emotional reaction. Getting a
mental picture of a man with a huge head. No facial features. Looking
down through high power telescope. Color was white because of image. His
emotion reaction (I pick this up easily) was very amuzed. Could see a big
grin like card player with an ace up his sleeve. He looked down below.
Grin came through. Amuzed reaction came through and I have had these reactions
from various people even when I am not looking. After the craft turned
light off the reaction just vanished. This observer had the amuzed face and
must have communicated with commander of craft. Saw a man with a small
head. He must not have had a telescope looking through. His disposition
was of an onery person. He also was a man. His reaction recevied a

7

- page 20 -

communication that somebody on the ground had spotted the craft that he gave
an explosive order. Could see this emotion. Exhaust went off right away.
Showed anger. This happened just when onry disposition ordered. Couldn't
tell color because of it being a small head. 75% Nationality. I know
the Russian people that were born in America. They are very much like us.
There is a little difference between the Russians and us. Couldn't tell
them from a lot of other people. 75% because his skin was white. That
must be Russian. If this craft were coming from another planet I would have
felt something strange in the emotional reaction. Didn't receive anything
strange to the emotional reactions as Americans do. Nothing strange like
people from other planets. French only other like cause other than
Russians. They are most likely ones because of no peculiarities like
people from another planet. I could be wrong. It is possible that people
from other planet would be similar to us that is why I say only 75%.
They may be built different but they have similar emotional reaction. Have
never been tested for this but it has always been true. A certain personality
comes along with the feeling. Purdue is working in ESP. I have never
discussed this with anyone. This is an emotional form of ESP. I have
received it so many times. Just like a radio. This case I was really being
focused in. This observer was concentrating onthe ground. I receive
an impression when the person is really focusing. I felt there was an
observer because of the feelings I got. It cast further light on what I
observed. Want to go completely into that as fully as I can. So, I have
also given this extra material on ESP. This is the first time I have given
this information out. Please do not publicize this information

8

- page 21 -

Jean Dixon doesn't mind publicizing this but I don't want it public.

He heard that there was a suggestion for colleges to investigate.

I think it should be the Air Force on Conad. Think this calls for action

and schools can't give action. Air Force is in a better situation.

Don't think it should go to the school.

I have noticed something in the last week or two. We have been

getting a lot more jets over our area. Saturday morning two jet fightems

were real low going East. Haven't had anything like this for a long time.

They haven't come up our way, but now we are seeing a lot more jets since

lately. Somebody must have put the word out to check that area. There

seems to be a good area if they want to make an investigation. Observe

them in the early morning. I just wanted to get this off my chest.

[handwritten: signature - appears to be "L. L." or similar]

- page 22 -

EXTRA SENSORY PERCEPTION

OBSERVER IN CRAFT                                EST. ACCURACY

USED HIGH POWERED TELESCOPE                      100%
SIGHTED VIEWER ON GROUND                         100%
WAS MAN                                          100%
COLOR - WHITE                                    100%
HEAD - HUGE CROSSLY THIS WAS DUE                 100%
       TO FACT THAT HE WAS LOOKING
       THROUGH HIGH POWERED TELESCOPE)

EMOTIONAL REACTION - VERY AMUSED                 100%
BROADGRIN ON FACE

COMMANDER OF CRAFT

HEAD - SHALL POSSIBLY DUE TO FACT THAT           100%
       HE WAS NOT LOOKING THROUGH TELESCOPE)

DISPOSITION - ORNERY                             100%
WAS MAN - DISPOSITION - GAVE ANGRY EXPLOSIVE     100%
EMOTIONAL REACTION - ORDER AND EXHAUST LIGHT
                     WENT OUT

NATIONALITY OF                                   75%
OBSERVER AND COMMANDER - RUSSIAN

- page 23 -

[handwritten: Sept. 4, 1966]

Dear Major Quintanville,

I have a confession to make. When I was in your office, Monday afternoon, I didn't tell you everything that I knew about the rocket shaped space craft which passed over Girard, Ohio at 11:11, July 7th. This confession will make me look bad, but if it helps in the defense of the United States, I'll just forget my feelings.

I believe that in telling you this, it may tip the balance scales as to whether the craft was from another planet or from Russia. I his account, I believe will seem to indicate that the scales are tipping more toward Russia as the owner of the probable nuclear space craft.

- page 24 -

[handwritten: at approx. 11 p.m. on the 9th or 10th of july (didn't mark the date). I was sitting in my bed room (2nd floor). Looking. U have a bedroom window which face the east. The window casing in which frames the window in my room is enameled a glory white. The blind was pulled down.

it left the approach of this space craft almost directly overhead, so I turned my head toward the east bedroom window. (I mentioned to you that I have extra sensory perception) Even though the bedroom light was in the casing - a still brighter band of white light) appear. 12 in. wide, most darkly (cappers 5 sec) across the very top, north east side of the casing.

As the light band of white light moved across the white lighted casing; it left again the very aroused emotional reaction of the observer in the space craft looking down, through]

- page 25 -

[handwritten: the high powered telescope which had recently experienced outside in the front yard at 1A.M. on July 17th.

I heard no sound whatsoever, yet felt-through extra sensory perception)the craft hovering overhead,at presently an 80°angle .it appeared the same adr ahead (300m.fr.H).as I had observed on July 16th. It must have been closer than before because the ephemeral light came in the window so strong.

what makes me look real bad in that I didn't run to the window, pull the window shade aside and look directly up at that space craft. What a golden opportunity I lost, to have had a good look at the bottom side of the body of the craft! Why didn't I smoke for my chair? Does still under the spell of awe and fear which I had experienced.witorde.n July 17th. However, I catch so afraid and observe outside in clear night until 2 A.M. in spite]

- page 26 -

[handwritten: of that bear and came which has pretty well left me bymow. I dont believe that it will be visually some struck fearfuly, if I have the good luck to observe it again.

I didnt say much about the shape of the body of the craft wheeled talked with you. I believe that I can honestly say beyond doubt that it was rocket shape, as it passed near the moon, I had a pretty good view. The moon, which was approx 30° below the craft, then some light in the body. The body of the craft appeared fat and broad where our sockets appear narrow in proportion to their length.

If the craft were from another planet would it be appearing over the same area and going in the same direction within a three day period?

I have noticed that these craft have been appearing in the north east corner of the state, is this on exit corridor from the United states?]

- page 27 -

Does not A.D.A.F. defense on the east coast extend up the east coast of Canada to meet the Radar defense which goes across the middle of Canada? Or is there a gap opening in the Radar defense which would permit the craft to pass over Ontario, Quebec, and Labrador and cut over the North Atlantic and Davis Strait back to Russia?

Are the Russian convicts cooperating so busy taking their training, in the operation of their pride and joy, the new nuclear space craft "Sputnik", that they have no time to bother going up in space craft which are put into orbit by rockets?

They appear to be coming for the South of Southeast, clearing into the United States through in Southern States which borders the Gulf of Mexico? Where heard that there is no Radar defense there. This Space craft raises all sorts of questions. I hazard to some of the questions

- page 28 -

[handwritten: officers to rest in the hands of Presidents
and some national government policy.
All the craft, a Russian, do it wish
it down and side having U.S relations with
Russia go real bad when we haven't
going in visit Pam?
At the craft is from another planet, and
we shoot it down we could get relations
with that planet off to a very bad start.
At the way it be back to the planet that the
United States had brought down its space
craft; the storage of a very advanced planet
could mean the downfall of United States.
Could we track their craft and determine
whether they are coming from Russia as
outer space?
At I am fortunate enough to see these
of space craft; again I will take a good hard
look at it; especially at the body of the craft.
Also should I call the Air Force fighter
squadron at Pittsburgh immediately and give
attitude and direction of the craft? I wouldn't
call them... [illegible] U. S. position because of
identification.]

- page 29 -

[handwritten: Could you give me the phone number to call, so that it could get through directly and quickly to the Pittsburgh Air Force Base. Would there be some way in which I could identify myself so that they would accept my report?

I am telling positively none else of my observations,

sincerely yours]

[signature - redacted with black lines]

[handwritten: Girard, Ohio]

- page 30 -

[handwritten: Sept. 12, 1966]

Dear Major Quintanilla:

I haven't stopped thinking yet about that space craft which passed over Girard, Ohio on the 7th and 10th of July. I keep trying to write out of my mind every last bit of information which might contribute something of value toward solving this puzzle. I have noticed many mod jet fighter planes passing over this area night and day, than I have seen since they took the 10th Fighter Squadron from the Youngstown Air Port. Just tonight it approx. 7:30 P.M. (Daylight time) a jet fighter passed over heading South and staying rather low. I luckily was hazy. I was talking to a highschool teacher in the front yard.

The plane was possibly a mile distant when it received an emotional impression through C.S.P. I received the impression that the pilot was looking down and observing what was below him. I also received an impression of the pilot's personality. I was a person who is humble and

- page 31 -

[handwritten: unassuming and young in years.
The emotional impression which I received from the Observer, and the Commander in the space craft were quite different from the L. of the young American pilot in the jet fighter. I don't believe that I have ever had an emotional impression hit me so hard (though extra sensory perception) as did this emotional impression, which I received from the Observer in the space craft.
I received an impression that the Observer was looking down at the ground through something. I believe that he was looking at the ground through a high powered telescope rather than through a window in the craft. I believe that the high powered telescope must have greatly increased the power of this emotional impression which descended, like something like turning up the volume on a radio until you can't handle stand the noise.
That shy amused, self satisfied expression of the observer, came through so overwhelmingly strong, that by given white head, I believe al— that the telescope magnified his head considerably.]

- page 32 -

[handwritten: I dont recall ever having received, thin color before. I believe that this must be due to the telescope increasing the power of the transmission of the impression.

The other I seemed like a man possibly in his thirties while the commander seemed to be a man in his forties. They didn't give the sympathful impression, as did the young American pilot, who passed over three living in the jet fighter.

The head of the commander, was much smaller than that of the object. This was probably due to the fact that he went looking through the telescope. I mentioned to you that the disposition of the Commander, came through a energy. When he gave an angry explosive command; the exhaust light went out. When the capt passed over a canyon the 10th of July, I knew that it was the same capt approaching, before I saw the bright, white other light shining in the light[?] white, enameled window casing.

When I observed this craft attached to the left of july, I received a message at a range, of scular [illegible] vision from the left as it was forming,]

- page 33 -

Aug 21, 1966

Dear Major Quintanella:

U can't stop thinking of the U.F.O. which u observed last month and it's significance, implications and potential for the United States. (It's exhaust was so unusually large and broad and the body of the craft appeared massive. The white exhaust was sharply outlined against the dark night sky, but the dark body of the craft was not clearly outlined against the dark background. It said in my questionnaire that the body of the craft was of indefinite shape. The craft appeared to have this shape:

[small hand-drawn diagram of a pointed, teardrop or torpedo-shaped object]

Shortly after sighting the craft and while the image was still clear in my mind, I tried to compare what it would take to cost that large, white exhaust light. I came to the conclusion that one fifty cent coin would only go about half way across the width of the exhaust light and that two-

- page 34 -

[handwritten:]

the impression from the craft staff were
separate from. the impression that cl received
from the observer and commander.
it was a new impression that cl have
never received before. perhaps, this impression
came from the apparently silent, propulsion
system,
on the 10th. of july, cl received this same
strange peculiar impression from. the craft,
itself, as it approached directly
overhead, at an angle of approx. 75° above
the horizon.
it is something like a hunting dog which
is well trained to pick up the scent of one
certain type of wild game.
cl knew light away that it was the
same craft.
cl of this end it ever passed through the
shed again. cl know that cl will be able to
indentify it immediately by this strange peculiar
impression.
cl received the amussd impression from the
same observer again, only the impression
that cl received, as cl sat in my chair in my
bedroom, away quite entirely, so i thing, as the
impression which cl received outside the

- page 35 -

[handwritten: I believe that the walls of the house with its radiation, reduced the strength of the impression coming through.

I would track the silent swift as it passed overhead almost like radar, by the continuous, strange, peculiar impression that I received from it.

The impression which I received from it told me afar, where it was located, and the afar, speed at which it was traveling. It seemed to be traveling at appox. the same speed as or, the 7th. of July, Only the time direction was much holder to match than northeast.

It also seemed to be flying as low as it did on the 7th.

I should be corroborated for not getting to a window and closing it, and it passed almost dwelt, method.

But it's something like bumping into a dimension in the jungle, It takes a little while to get used to something like that. Fast week I was in the Relatives backyard in Boardman Ohio, I mentioned it again that backyard of D+, (purple light) I, Boardman School) met to the backyard of my station.]

- page 36 -

[handwritten: I received an emotional impression from
Dr. Nusinger and his wife observing me. Upon
aside their house, with an amused but very
emotionally restrained manner. He is known to be
apolex. 200 ft. from me.

A couple of days later, I received another
emotional impression from Dr. Nusinger and his
wife. This time, I didn't like the way they had arranged
a little test for me. They sent a young man
to the back of the yard (I be approached to be in Scld
principal) and he was looking around and in my
direction.

At the same time, I received an emotional
impression from Dr. Nusinger and his wife as
they observed my very severely restrained
emotional manner. It appeared that they were
trying to restrain a mad tiger sometimes both
times, so that I could not receive emotional
impulse resonance from them.

My conclusion was that Dr. Nusinger had
received a letter from your office requiring
him to draft a Dr. had observed me on my very time.
(I say, I don't mind if I realige that it was
done to check on my reliabilty of OSP.

I am sort of like the Chimpanzee, that a
psychologist labled in a non as state he could]

- page 37 -

[handwritten: obtuse him. The psychologist gave the chimp some [illegible]s.
The psychologist looked through the keyhole to observe the chimp and what dogs would think.
The chimp was looking through the keyhole observing the psychologist.
Extra sensory perception has been a secret weapon. I hope that clems continue to keep the secret. People might think me to be a freak who always is in a circus side shows.
Three weeks ago, I was outside and observed the proof from the National U.F.O. Commission in Washington. They passed across the side street observing me. Possibly trying to determine a hither. All obstinate and reliable. They were driving an official-looking car with Washington license plates. They passed across the street intersection so fast that I believe they went through the stop sign. All wise attire that there was fighting in the car.
Just last week I observed the same official-looking car, with Washington license plates, separate on the side street. They, All are observing me. I believe that there are only four in-time.]

- page 38 -

[handwritten: id hope that it wont get them in myself in trouble for telling on them. There is something that id neglected to tell you about the space crafts change of direction of flight. When id first saw it approaching it was coming from the south & southwest it in angle of approx. 30° above the horizon. As it moved across the eastern sky it was at an angle of approx 45° above the horizon. During the time (apprx. 10 sec.) it was traveling parallel to my point of observation. As i looked straight up at it in the easternmost (at a distance of approx. 1 mile) the exhaust light west exit. After the exhaust had its outburst, id could see the body of the craft moving forward for approx. 5 sec., When the exhaust light came back on; id noticed that the craft is now approx. 30° above the horizon, and that its direction of flight had been shifted, approx 15° further toward the east. id am continuing to keep quiet and am telling absolutely no one else about these experiences. Sincerely, yours, [signature/redaction]]

- page 39 -

[handwritten: No Case Type ONLY, 7 Tolls, Ohio]

[handwritten: July 10, 1966]

Dear Sir:

I would like to make a report which may be of interest to the Defense Dept. I am a resident of Girard, Ohio which is in northeastern Ohio bordering Youngstown.

Thursday morning, July 7th, at 1 A.M., I witnessed, along a mysterious sight such as I have never seen before.

It was watering some newly planted shrubs when I noticed a light approaching silently, from the southwest at an angle of approx. 30° above the horizon. It moved straight on course at an altitude of 1000 feet or more.

As it came closer, and was silhouetted against the dark eastern sky, I had a better view. In its exhaust was a white fin shape, with a dark section running through the center. It would have been half a dollar bill, held at arms length, to have covered the exhaust. It was absolutely silent. I heard no sound whatsoever.

- page 40 -

[handwritten]

id couldn't detect any way lights, tail lights, or lights of any kind in the dark areas of the body in front of the exhaust.

The exhaust shut off completely for a second or so, and then came back on. There was nothing to block the view.

It seemed to be traveling at approx. the speed of a jet plane but there was no sound of any kind.

It appeared to be approx. 1 mile distant. It traveled straight in course from the southwest toward the northeast.

There were no clouds. Visibility of the sky was excellent with countless stars in the background. This is a sketch as it appeared to me.

[small hand-drawn illustration of rocket or missile shape]

I am a high school language teacher with considerable interest in science and the space age. I am an infantry veteran of WW II. I have flown many times in commercial planes. I have observed many of nearly all the astronauts go ups at Cape Kennedy.

I have tracked the large echo balloon that have passed overhead in regular orbit.

[/handwritten]

- page 41 -

[handwritten]

it have observed many types of jets, propellor
driven planes and dirigibles pass overhead night
said they but I have never seen anything more
silently with such speed as a dirt that craft.
My hearing and visarance excellent. I have
never been subject to hallucinations.
I would like to take this opportunity to say
that I belive the war in Vietnam has been
conducted very well.
I for one, am very greatful for the excellent
leadership that Pres. Johnson and Secy of Defence
McNamara have given the people of the United States.
I be cities (in Congress, college press) of our
policy in Vietnam have been very disgusting to me
in their show of disloyalty.

Respectfully yours,

[two horizontal black redaction lines]

Girard, Ohio

- page 42 -

DISPATCHED

1966 JUL 14 11 57

OFFICE OF THE
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE

- page 43 -

[handwritten: fifty cent pieces placed one on top of the other
might not quite cover the width. it dont
believe that four fifty cent pieces placed together
in a square would have fully covered the exhaust
so it concluded in the questionnaire that it
would require one half a dollar bill[?]
completely cover the exhaust light. If you would
the length of the one half a dollar bill perpendicular
to the ground.

This appeared to be a different type of craft
than Martin Briety of Yadis and others have observed
the U.F.O.'s. that Martin Briety and others
have reported, one said to be able to move like a
helicopter only with great speed.

The craft which i observed moved steadily
straight ahead.

My observations had me to draw some
other conclusions.

Russians [space problem] has been originally
quiet this year. Not one command has one up.
Could it be that Russia has been very secretly
working on a crash program for a new space
craft with a new propulsion system such as
nuclear power or ionized light.]

- page 44 -

[handwritten: Can it be that they have got most of the "bugs" out of their new space craft, and are now using it for low-level observation of the United States before their secret becomes known to the world?

Can it be that they are planning unveiling their new space craft on it's maiden flight to the moon next year to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Bolshevik Revolution?

They like to celebrate the anniversary of the Bolshevik Revolution with something spectacular. They would want something immediately spectacular to celebrate their 50th anniversary for world-wide propaganda.

Such a Russian attempt and last flying ahead of us would sure shake up the United States.

Does the C.I.A. have well placed informers in the Russian space program to keep us up to date on what the Russians are doing?

But if my conjectures be correct, what could we do about it at this date, date?

Sincerely yours,

[redacted sections]

Girard, Ohio, 44420]

- page 45 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?

7 JULY 1966
Day Month Year

2. Time of day: ___/_____ [illegible]
Hour Minutes

(Circle One): [X] A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): [X] a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other _____

(Circle One): [X] a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?

[illegible] GIRARD OHIO (ASHTABULA)
Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)

_____ _____ 30
Hours Minutes Seconds

a. Certain
[X] b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? WATCH

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes [X] No [X] SKY EXHAUST

6. What was the condition of the sky?

DAY
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT
a. [struck through] VERY CLEAR
b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right
d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 46 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):                          8.2 MOON (Circle One): 2 IT'S FULL
                                                      ABOVE HORIZON
a. None                                          (a) Bright moonlight
b. Few                                           b. Dull moonlight
(c) Many – COUNTLESS                             c. No moonlight – pitch dark
d. Don't remember                                d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):                             WEATHER (Circle One):

(a) Clear sky                                    (a) Dry
b. Hazy                                          b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds                              c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds                         d. Snow
                                                 e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared (Circle One):            IN FRONT OF EXHAUST
DARK CRAFT
(a) Solid BODY                                   d. Aft light
b. Transparent                                   e. Don't remember
c. Vapor

[EXHAUST]
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):

(a) Brighter                                     c. About the same
b. Dimmer                                        d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

FULL MOON ON CLEAR NIGHT

12. The edges of the object were:

(Circle One) (a) Fuzzy or blurred BODY OF CRAFT INDEFINITE SHAPE
b. Like a bright star                            e. Other
(c) Sharply outlined EXHAUST LIGHT
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                              (Circle One for each question)

a. Appear to stand still at any time?            Yes    (No)    Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes    (No)    Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?               Yes    (No)    Don't know
d. Give off smoke?                               Yes    (No)    Don't know
e. Change brightness?                            Yes    (No)    Don't know
f. Change shape?                                 Yes    (No)    Don't know
g. Flash or flicker?                             Yes    (No)    Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? EXHAUST LIGHT         Yes    (No)    Don't know
       OFF SEES, NOTHING, LOCKVIEW.

- page 47 -

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

EXHAUST LIGHT OFF COMPLETELY FOR 5 SECONDS, DARK MASS OF BODY STILL VISIBLE, EXHAUST LIGHT CAME ON AGAIN AT CONSIDERABLE DISTANCE FURTHER TOWARD NORTHEAST.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?

(Circle One): [X] Yes [ ] No [ ] Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: HIGH TREES BLOCKED VIEW AND ENDED SIGHTING.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?

(Circle One): [X] Yes [ ] No [ ] Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: COULD SEE DARK MASS OF BODY BLOCKING OUT STARS IN BACK OF IT.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:

a. Sound: NOW HINE, HUM, SWOOSH, OR ROAR, NO SOUND AT ANYTIME.

b. Color: BODY-DARK! EXHAUST-WHITE; DARK STREAK NO LIGHTS OF ANY COLOR IN DARK MASS OF BODY. (THROUGH CENTER)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this test at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

IT WOULD HAVE REQUIRED ONE DOLLAR BILLFIELD AT ARM'S LENGTH IF I HAD FULLY COVERED THE OBJECT, THE BROAD BELL SHAPE EXHAUST WAS A LARGE OR LARGER THAN THE MOON (3/4 FULL), IS ABOVE HORIZON.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.

Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Drawing shows a bell or funnel shape pointing leftward with an arrow labeled "N.E." on the left side, with exhaust/trail detail at the bottom]

NOVAROR OR EXHAUST TRAIL

- page 48 -

