PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
12 July 66  13/0215Z

2. LOCATION
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania  two witnesses

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Varied

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
NW

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Other/Conflicting data

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched a reddish-bluish colored object disappear into the clouds. The object was seen in the NW portion of the sky. The initial submitted information conflicts with the reported form 164. The times are different and also the length of observation. There was no sound at all heard. The object was shaped like a banana.

Two major discrepancies are noted. The witness said that he observed the object for 23 seconds in one case and for only 3 seconds in another. He also said that he saw the object at 2215 EDT in one case and in another he said 2315 EDT. The case is carried as conflicting data.

FORM
FTDP SEP 63-0329 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

1. When did you see the object?

12      JULY      1966
DAY    MONTH      YEAR

2. Time of day:    10:00    15    P.M.
                   MINUTES

3. Time zone:    Eastern    Daylight Saving

4. Where were you when you saw object

Nearest partial address    PHILADELPHIA    PENNSYLVANIA
                           CITY            STATE

5. Estimate how long I saw the object    23    SECONDS

6. Condition of the sky    Nature of daylight.

[Handwritten note at bottom right: "Send 164"]


- page 2 -

7. If I saw the object at night what did I notice concerning
   the stars and moon.   In just   soon to early light

8. Was the object brighter than the background of
   the sky                                 YES

9. The object appeared:   Solid

10. Did the object
    A. Appear to stand still at any time    NO
    B. Suddenly speed and spin and went away at any time   YES
    C. Break up into parts or explode        NO
    D. Give off smoke                        NO
    E. Change brighten eyes
    F. Change shape                          NO

11. Where was I located when I saw the object    Outdoors

12. I was in the residential section of a city


- page 3 -

13. Wind Slight breeze

14. Weather Gray

15. Can anyone else with you at the time I saw the object yes

16. [text is crossed out and illegible]

17. Was this the first time that I had seen an object or objects like this? No

18. Do you think I can estimate the speed of the object? 40 M.P.H.

I will give the information about myself-

[name redacted]
[address redacted]
City PHILADELPHIA - state PENNSYLVANIA 19148
[telephone redacted] SEX MALE
[additional text redacted]


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information only if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
12 July 1966
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 11:00 15
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
Hour   Minutes

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is blacked out]
PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA.
City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours   Minutes   3   Seconds

a. Certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? [blank]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY   NIGHT
a. Bright   a. Bright
b. Cloudy   b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right   f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still or any time?
b. Suddenly sped up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   (No)   Don't know
Yes   (No)   Don't know
Yes   (NO)   Don't know
Yes   (NO)   Don't know
(Yes)  No    Don't know
(Yes)  No    Don't know
Yes   (NO)   Don't know
(Yes)  No    Don't know


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It disappeared in the clouds

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound     THERE WAS NO SOUND AT ALL
b. Color     REDDISH BLUISH

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
SAME SIZE AS MATCH HEAD

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with wavy lines and some additional markings]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 40 M.P.H.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1000 FT.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other EYE-SIGHT

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

SHAPED LIKE A BANANA


- page 8 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ONE OBJECT
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]    AGE 13    SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
13    /    7    /    1966
Day    Month    Year


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   18   2   67
    Day    Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The page is mostly blank, with only the form header and question text visible.


- page 11 -

Philadelphia, Penn.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO                                     30 January 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 12 Jul 66

TO: Mr. [redacted]
    Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19148

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 16A and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 12 -

