The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the 1966-10-8285949-Campbellsville-Kentucky.pdf1.txt file.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP 15 OCT. 66 16/01152
2. LOCATION Campbellsville, Kentucky
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 10 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual
7. COURSE Northward
8. PHOTOS No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No
10. CONCLUSION Satellite (Echo II)
At 2013 hrs, according to the report, an object was observed over 96W-40N on a north-northward course. Observers watched the object traveling toward the north at a very slow rate of speed, and it took about 10-15 minutes to travel across the sky. The observation is consistent with that of a satellite observation.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten text from an old UFO report document.

Using an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I have extracted the following text from the document:

URGENT

UFO

Witness:
Receiving this letter in relation to a sighting verified was on the night of October 15, 1966 approximately 8:15 - It travelled through the city from the south-eastern first spotted and disappeared into the west-north-west. It possessed the size of a car and colored various shades of orange and yellow intermitently, and seemed to hover stationary a few seconds at a time, and to travel between the above mentioned 2 points, took at least 10 or 15 minutes. It glided through the air making no sound at all. It made no effort to man or any other objects. There was no sound to indicate sound waves. I discussed this sighting with my family, outside the immediate reaction of they all seemed not to believe.

Daylog on State of Kentucky

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten letter or document.

Giving me a ray satellite a 2 missilelike indications were able to see at this particular time for the recently and distressed the sighting. If there same was not been withdrawn What about the and if anything there strange was not none what about-the projected as great 8 years old when come distance of a flight hand.

Thank you!

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a typed document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

USAF Headquarters COMMOM/DERS
Room 5C7, Federal Building
601 West Broadway 40202
Louisville, Kentucky

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

ET

COMMANDER
WRIGHT PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report.

SAPOICC/Mrs. Cassel/bp/79079/5 Dec 66

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

This replies to your letter of October 13, 1966 concerning the possibility of a satellite or other similar space debris observed to the north 550 west on a northerly heading. This object appears to have been visible from your area. 

It is possible that you observed this particular satellite. However, without a more definitive identification, which you would provide by detailing the time, direction, and other characteristics in what direction did the object appear to be heading?

This additional information would be most helpful in making a final evaluation on your sighting. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Mr. [REDACTED]
Elkhorn, Kentucky 41522

COORDINATED BY (Office Symbol, R.F. Grade, Initials)
SAPIO- C.C.
SAPOI- C.C.
Comment by - SA-010
Entered by - SA-010
Reader C.C.
Date/Time

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image shows a handwritten letter.

Dept. of the Air Force
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sirs:

On the occasion of my first letter of the 18th of October, I wrote once again while in reply to your request for further information on the 15th of October object of reference on the 15th of October.

In your letter you asked me to check the direction of the object, when first sighted between 8 and 9 o'clock. I shall little attention to it, and have more or less observed the night sky. It took almost 15 or even 10 minutes to cross the sky and disappear. It was a steady glow, as a stated, and moved from the northwest to the southeast.

I feel following almost the same direction as the same direction as the one I saw on the evening of October 15. Thank you.

Sincerely yours,

- page 6 -

