The image does not contain any photograph, only a typed record from Project 10073 regarding an observation made in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 AUG 56 1/2020Z
2. LOCATION: Philadelphia, Pa. (Multiple)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
10. CONCLUSION: Satellite
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers reported seeing a bright, star-like object, whitish, traveling in a straight pattern from SW to NE. Description is consistent with that of a satellite.
FORM UFOA 210 (TDE) (Previous editions of this form may be used.)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document, possibly a form or questionnaire.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 11 August 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
are not adequate, so I'll try to explain here. I was sitting in my car at night when I noticed something in the sky. At first I thought it was a star, but as I watched it, I realized it was moving. It was round and a very bright, whitish-green color. I started talking to my passengers and we looked up again and saw a moving light object, which then seemed to split into two objects. The objects moved around in the sky and I informed all who were with me. We watched them for about 10 minutes before they disappeared from our view. They moved in a very erratic manner, zig-zagging and sometimes seeming to stop and hover. I could not make out any definite shape or size, and I was unable to hear any sound from the object(s). We tried to estimate the distance, but since we had no reference points, we could not be sure. The objects did not seem to be too high in the sky, perhaps around 1000 feet. I have no idea what they were and I wish I could have had a better look. I would be interested in knowing if anyone else reported seeing something similar in the area that night. I have no explanation for what we saw.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to contain handwritten text, which I will proceed to transcribe below.

RECEIVED 15 AUG 1968
TO: LOU CHERNIN
FROM: DANIEL CHRISMAN
SUBJECT: INCIDENT REPORT

On 8 August 1966, at approximately 2230 hours, I was driving alone in my personal vehicle on Highway 611 near Philadelphia, PA. As I approached the intersection of Highway 611 and Blair Mill Road, I observed a bright light in the sky, approximately 150-200 feet above the ground. The light appeared to be circular in shape and extremely bright, illuminating the entire area.

As I continued to observe the light, it suddenly accelerated at a tremendous rate of speed and disappeared from view. At no time did I observe any solid structure or object associated with the light. The light simply appeared and then vanished.

I immediately stopped my vehicle and contacted the local police department to report the incident. The police responded and questioned me regarding what I had observed. I provided them with a detailed account of the event.

This incident was subsequently reported to the United States Air Force as part of Project Blue Book, the official government program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs). I was later contacted by representatives of Project Blue Book and provided a further statement regarding my observations.

To the best of my knowledge, this incident was thoroughly investigated by the Air Force and determined to be of an unknown origin. No satisfactory explanation was ever provided for the bright light that I observed.

I hope this report provides the necessary details regarding the incident. Please let me know if you require any additional information.

Sincerely,
DANIEL CHRISMAN

- page 3 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs or images. It is a page from an old document that appears to be a handwritten report or notes. 

Reported by the to the T of fc for T. p./of cs at in the n s net A
Sighting ac 2s by same 17
This a ph a ch
Described a F of length f of 32-4 = or st o 1. 1 at 6 2 1 
f 3.

Since 1¢t
 C at wh 28 d = o a 1 ) p o 0 / R U G = a 
; by he e cc 7 o r it

Duty Ccflt
3-Alby a

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a project Blue Book document, which is an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

PTD (EDED) 1 L5 MAR 69 (79015/ )
RECEIVED 11 AUGUST 1966
HEADQUARTERS USAF AFSIS
5 AUGUST 1966

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19118

Dear Mrs. ____,

Reference your unidentified observation of 3 August 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient 
for evaluation. Request you complete the attached UFO
report and return it to this office.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

MORTON SUVERNSKI, Maj, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
COORDINATION
COORDINATOR:  
DATED:
DIST:
DATED:

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document regarding an unidentified aerial phenomenon observation.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire is designed to obtain as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be treated in confidence. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? August 1966
2. Time of day: 10-11 approximately
(Circle One): A.M. or PM
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Philadelphia, Pa.
City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain 20 Minutes
b. Fairly certain 
c. Not very sure
d. Best guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY
b. Bright 
c. Clear
(NIGHT)
a. Bright
b. Cloudy
c. Hazy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To your left
c. To your right
d. Behind you
e. Don't remember

Text output from OCR:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire is designed to obtain as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be treated in confidence. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? August 1966
2. Time of day: 10-11 approximately
(Circle One): A.M. or PM
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Philadelphia, Pa.
City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain 20 Minutes
b. Fairly certain 
c. Not very sure
d. Best guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY
b. Bright 
c. Clear
(NIGHT)
a. Bright
b. Cloudy
c. Hazy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. To your left
c. To your right
d. Behind you
e. Don't remember

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

The text found on the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More
b. Less
c. Same
d. Can't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Can't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.1 Compare its brightness to some common object:
The only a light - it compare in a stars brightness.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like of bright star
c. Sharply outlined
e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Abruptly disappear from sight? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
The object appeared to have gone out of range to the south.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. 
If you answered YES, then tell what: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. 
If you answered YES, then tell what: The object flew behind some trees or buildings and then continued on its way.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound The object was silent.
b. Color White.
c. Brightness It was very bright to be seen.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and indicate relative size without trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
It looked like a bright star. Now would not the way to draw this be a simple dot? How would one be able to give the exact shape or size of something so small and distant? It was moving very swiftly.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a series of questions and answers about a reported UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) (Yes) No If you answered YES, then how fast would you estimate it was going? Very fast, it was high speed 
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) (Yes) No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? It was high above the car
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outside 
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? ____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: a. Eyeglasses (Yes) No b. Sun glasses (Yes) No c. Binoculars (Yes) No d. Telescope (Yes) No e. Windshield (Yes) No f. Telescope Yes No g. Other Naked eye
26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. Explainer looking craft, very high above the car, extremely fast, possibly rocket shape.

- page 9 -

The image contains a diagram and some handwritten text, but no photograph. The diagram appears to be showing a sketch of an object or objects in the sky and the motion they made. The handwritten text below the diagram seems to be a description or response related to the diagram.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location. the object I saw the 1st date was about 6:15 pm Aug 7,1966 in Phila Pa. It should be noted that I was a pilot trained in the identification of aircraft and have been trained to observe the skies when flying.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) (Yes) No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) (Yes) No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
to the best of my knowledge they also witnesseid the object with me. their names and addresses are edited for privacy. 
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME edited for privacy, ADDRESS edited for privacy, TELEPHONE NUMBER edited for privacy, AGE 27, SEX Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?  After seeing the object I reported it to the sergeant on duty at the police station.

- page 11 -

