PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
25 June 66 26/0302Z

2. LOCATION
Akron, Ohio (Two Witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Several Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
W

8. PHOTOS
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Other (BLIMP) ✓ Jet*

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers noted very bright red, white, and green lights which resembled an aircraft coming in for a landing; however, the witnesses could only find one airport to the south (Akron-Canton) and this was too far to the south. Object flew directly behind observers automobile for about two minutes. Colors would change slowly like colors in the front of a Juke Box.

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

20330

SAF-DIXC/Freeman ua/79079/11:etm

OCT 14 1966

Dear Mr. and Mrs. [redacted]

Reference is made to your unidentified observation on June 25, 1966. Contact was made with the Federal Aviation Agency at the Akron-Canton Airport for information regarding the estimated time you observed, on the night of June 25, the Goodyear Rubber Company in Akron. The FAA informed us that the Goodyear blimp was operating in the Akron area around the latter part of June.

We, in turn, contacted Mr. [redacted] of the Goodyear Company, who provided the following information:

"On June 25, the Goodyear blimp was flying in the Akron area between 9:00 - 11:30 EDT. The blimp has the normal running lights that are required by the FAA, and in addition had attached to its side a multicolored advertising sign that measured 100 feet long by 14 feet high."

We were puzzled that such a craft would be flying at night, but the blimp was in the air until 11:30 that night.

Advertising gimmicks such as this are often mistaken by persons because of the lighting configuration and because of the slow movement of the craft towing the electrical advertising sign. We feel that you and your wife observed this blimp, especially since it was in the immediate area and was equipped with the lighting configuration which you described in your report.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force and to assure you we do not release

[Bottom of document contains partially illegible administrative markings]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

20330

SAF-DIG/Freeman ua/79079 11>ctsg

OCT 11 1966

Dear Mr. and Mrs. ■■■■■■■■

Reference is made to your unidentified observation on June 25, 1966. Contact was made with the Federal Aviation Agency at the Akron-Canton Airport for information regarding the stimulus which you observed on the night of June 25. They referred our office to the Goodyear Rubber Company in Akron. The FAA informed us that the Goodyear blimp was operating in the Akron area around the latter part of June.

We, in turn, contacted Mr. ■■■■■■■ of the Goodyear Company who provided the following information:

"On June 25, the Goodyear blimp was flying in the Akron area between 9:00 - 11:30 EST. The blimp has the normal running lights that are required by the FAA, and in addition had attached to its side a multicolored advertising sign that measured 100 feet long by 14 feet high."

We were puzzled that such a craft would be flying at night, but the blimp was in the air until 11:30 that night.

Advertising gimmicks such as this are often mistaken by persons because of the slow movement of the craft towing the electrical advertising sign. The feel that you and your wife observed this blimp, especially since it was in the immediate area and was equipped with the lighting configuration which you described in your report.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force and to assure we do not release

[Remainder of document appears to have partially illegible markings/stamps at bottom]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

names of witnesses without the consent of the individ-
ual.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Mr. & Mrs.
Kirtland, Ohio

2


- page 4 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OSI DISTRICT 5 (HQ USAF)
WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO 45433

REPLY 5D 24-21-213                                   23 AUG 1966

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Sighted by Mr. & Mrs. #8, Kirkland, Ohio

TO: FTD (TDEM)

1. Attached letter signed by [redacted] together with their description of subject sighting and a Freehand drawing, received by this District's Detachment Office in Cleveland, Ohio, is forwarded in accordance with AFR 200-2, dated 20 July 1962.

2. You are advised that this District Office has not contacted the persons in this matter.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

[Signature of FREDRIC W. SHOOK, Lt Colonel, USAF]
Chief, I&D Division

1 Atch
Ltr from Mr. & Mrs. [redacted]
19 Aug 66 with their description
of sighting and freehand drawing

Cy to: HQ USAF (AFISIO) w/atch

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 5 -

August 19, 1966

On June 25th (Saturday) my husband and I were traveling North on Route 21, in the Medina County area. It was between 10:00 and 11:00 PM and we were traveling at a steady speed of 70 MPH. It was a clear warm night and the stars were out.

I happened to glance out the window to my right (East) and just above the treetops I could see very bright red, white, and green lights. I questioned my husband as to whether there was an airport nearby. The lights looked as though it was an airplane with its landing light on coming in for a landing. (We found in looking at the map later there was an Akron-Canton airport in the area, but it was quite a bit further south than we were.)

I started watching the road again and then glanced to the right again and the lights were still at treetop level (about 500 yards to the right-east). I mentioned that it was taking that plane an awful long time to land. I kept watching the lights and they never went any lower.

Then, it seemed to drop back and I thought then that it was landing. I turned around to watch it and it moved to its left (west) at an angle, like a helicopter wouldonly it didn't teeter like one would when it turned the angle. It was now flying directly behind us up the freeway. It was coming closer. Then we thought it was a helicopter checking the traffic because it was heavy that night. As I watched it it seemed to come closer and I turned the radio off to see if we could hear propeller noises. There were none. I told my husband to look, and asked him what he thought. He said, "I can't see too well and said it was probably a helicopter or an airplane with neon advertisements on it." I reasoned who would it be out on a lake and to what advantage would a plane advertisement be at this hour of the night over a freeway that most of the cars were going at least 70 MPH on.

I climbed into the back seat to get a closer look at it. It was close enough that I could see it rotating from, as I looked at it, left to right slowly. At first I couldn't believe my eyes and I asked my husband to look again. He turned and looked and said that he had never seen anything like it before.

It was in the shape of a doughnut or its side or an innertube and had bright red, white and green lights on it and a small red flashing light in the middle on top. I didn't sway from one side to another but followed its almost at the same speed because it didn't get any smaller through the back window. I know the object was turning as it was flying because the colors would change slowly like colors in the front of a Juke Box, and you could see all of the colors all of the time. There was no sound whatsoever except that coming from our car, I opened the window to hear it and - nothing.

We thought maybe it was a plane and it thought the freeway was a landing strip with all of the lights on it, but when we talked this over there was no darkness at all to allow for the wings between the lights and also the landing light on a plane is much larger than the wing lights.

It followed us at the same speed for about 2 minutes, then it veered off to the west (at an angle), never going any higher and I lost it in the trees.


- page 6 -

August 19, 1966
Mr.
Kirtland, Ohio

Office of Special Investigation, U.S.A.F.
Detachment 502
Room 613
Lincoln Building
Cleveland, Ohio

Gentlemen:

I know you probably get hundreds of letters-like this every day, but my curiosity has been getting the best of me. My husband and I were returning home from a trip to Tennessee where we dropped our son off at camp, when we had this situation happen to us.

We haven't told anyone because we thought they would think we were mentally unbalanced.

We talked about the happenings all the way home and weeks afterwards. The next day, I called the Plain Dealer (not giving my name) and asked if any UFO's were reported in the area the night before. I also called the Medina Sheriff's Department, but no one had heard anything. I thought for sure someone else would have reported what we had seen, but as far as we could verify it, no one had.

I am not ashamed to tell you that we were quite scared when this occurred.

I hope there is some logical explanation for what we saw. It was not a cloud, but something realistic. It was something, and if you know what it was I wish you would please let us know. Also, we would appreciate it if you would not let too many people know our names.

[Signature and contact information redacted]


- page 7 -

Text found on the document:

* — Blinked out

The image appears to be a hand-drawn sketch with a curved shape at the top with two side sections, with arrows indicating circular or rotational movement, and some geometric shapes and lines drawn below the sketch.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

PTD (TDETR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
7 September 1966

FAA
Akron Canton Airport
Akron, Ohio 44302

Dear Sir,

Our office is in receipt of an alleged UFO sighting which took place in the Akron, Ohio area on 25 June at approximately 2215. Enclosed is the account of the witnesses unusual observation. Request information on any type aircraft that could have been operating in that area with some type of advertising gimmick. If such an aircraft has been operating out of the Akron, Ohio area information would be appreciated.

If records are available, request positive or negative radar confirmation of any unknown object. Any assistance you can provide is appreciated.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

Handwritten notes at top right of page:
25 June 66
Akron, Ohio


- page 9 -

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY

IN REPLY
REFER TO

[The rest of the text is illegible due to poor image quality or redaction]


- page 10 -

21 Sept. 66

Contact was made with Mr [redacted] Goodyear Rubber Co. Akron, Ohio, area code 216 phone [redacted]. On 25 June 66 the Goodyear blimp was flying in the Akron area between 2100-2330 EDT. The blimp has the normal running lights that are required by the FAA, plus on this night the blimp was advertising. There was a advertising sign 100 ft long and 14 ft high on the sides of the craft. This sign has four colors. The blimp was flying around the Nina Foote Lake area which is in the SE Akron area. The craft departed the lake and was down on the ground in Akron at 2330.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

TESTED/Maj Quintanilla/70916/mhs/23 Sep 66

UFO Sighting, 25 June 1966

Hq USAF (SAFDICC)

Reference the attached unidentified flying object report from Mr. and Mrs. [redacted]. The following is a suggested reply:

a. Dear Mr. and Mrs. [redacted].

Reference your unidentified observation of 25 June 1966. Contact was made with the Federal Aviation Agency at the Akron-Canton Airport for information regarding the stimulus which you observed on the night of 25 June. They referred our office to the Goodyear Rubber Company in Akron. The FAA informed us that the Goodyear blimp was operating in the Akron area around the latter part of June.

We in turn contacted [redacted] of the Goodyear Company, who provided the following information:

"On 25 June the Goodyear blimp was flying in the Akron area between 2100 - 2330 EDT. The blimp has the normal running lights that are required by the FAA, and in addition had attached to its side a multicolored advertising sign measured 100 feet long by 14 feet high."

We were puzzled that such a craft would be flying at night, but the blimp was in the air until 2330 that night.

Advertising gimmicks such as this are often mistaken by persons because of the lighting configuration and because of the slow movement of the craft toving the electrical advertising sign.

We feel that you and your wife observed this blimp, especially since it was in the immediate area and was equipped with the lighting configuration which you described in your report. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WARREN S. WHEELER, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
UFO Rpt, 25 June 1966

COORDINATION
TESTED MAJ QUINTANILLA, JR                 DATE 26 Sep 66


- page 12 -

