There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, containing text fields that describe an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

PROJECT 10273 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 6-27-66 2230Z
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5-10 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
7. COURSE: Object (Lights) moved 10-15 degrees toward the east.
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes
10. CONCLUSION: Objexpt (Lights)

STRIP SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observing moving 10-15 degrees toward the east. Object was preceded by a bluish glow and contained multicolored lights (flashing on and off). Object moved with no sound, variable speed, and therefore was hard to describe. Moved off and vanished into the distance. No definite shape - just lights.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be an envelope with a handwritten address and a postmark.

Baton Rouge La. 70805

Project Blue Book Information
ATIC-1
Washington, D.C. 20330

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page.

As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12 May 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I live in the northern part of the city, almost directly north of us is an airport. It has radar like any other airport. These objects must have crossed almost directly over the airport. No one else in the city reported these that I am still wondering if these objects were picked up on radar.

If I hadn't had binoculars with me at the time I probably wouldn't have seen this. The binoculars gave me a much better view. They must have traveled half way across the city before I spotted them. They must have traveled some distance because it took them quite some time to cross the sky before they disappeared.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather an Air Force technical information form. I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text found in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about an unidentified object that you may have seen. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. So that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
36 April 1966

2. Time of day: 5:50 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Baton Rouge, La. East Baton Rouge Parish

5. How long was object in sight? (Test Duration) 15 Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain 
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess Nil Seemed this long

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY
b. BRIGHT
c. CLEAR

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Overhead e. Don't remember

FTD FORM OCT 63 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the image you have provided. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out by a witness who observed an unidentified flying object.

Text transcription:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds 
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Still b. Moving c. Disappear d. Don't remember
They could really be described as solid and fairly large light.

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. About the same c. Dimmer d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: They were pretty hard to describe and could be easily overlooked as small dark lights.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Slightly blurred c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember
They were pretty well defined, as small dark lights.

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? YES NO Don't know
c. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know
d. Give off smoke? YES NO Don't know
e. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? YES NO Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with questions and space for the observer to describe their observations.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
The object was described as traveling sideways in a straight path. It maintained a constant speed until it disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes     No     Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes     No     Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: There was absolutely no sound.
b. Color: It had a metallic, dull dark color. 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered? Pretty good, it would probably cover one or two of them.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protusions, etc. Also indicate by arrows and labels any exhaust trails or vapor trails.
The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of the object described. It appears to be oval-shaped and was traveling in a horizontal direction rather than overhead. The sketch includes some notes indicating the object was "traveling east" and the "circled one was a puffing eastern looking than direct overhead."

And that is the text output from the OCR system.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and answer choices.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One)  Yes No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Possibly 25 miles.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open country? 
d. In the open country side?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 

24.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sunglasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No 
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Binoculars Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes Yes No
h. Other Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. The were pretty uniform although therefore hard to describe.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page includes a sketch with instructions, as well as a compass rose diagram. There is also text describing the observations reported by the witnesses.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
They traveled straight in the same irregular V-shape pattern.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
About 10 or 12
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
They played in this pattern out of sight.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

I will now proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and extract all the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No, never.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
Yes   No  
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted] Last Name  First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS: [redacted] Street, Baton Rouge, Louisiana Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted] 
AGE: 18 SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
26 April 1966
I called a local radio station WLCS in Baton Rouge, La.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the United States Air Force's Project Blue Book, which was a study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

PTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
10 MAY 1966

BATON ROUGE, LOUISIANA 70805

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Reference your recent unidentified observation. The information on your sighting was forwarded to us on 26 April 1966. We are unable to explain or identify the object you observed. We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a typed letter discussing a UFO sighting. I will now proceed to transcribe the text from the document:

April 28, 1966

Dear Sir,

I am eighteen years old; an avid reader of UFO reports. I was sure it was a one in a million chance that I would ever see one. 

I was in my back yard Tuesday, the twenty-six, about 7:50 p.m. It was a clear evening. I looked up at the sky and there was a bright light hovering over the trees. At first I couldn't believe what I was seeing. It absolutely flashed to my right. I couldn't believe my eyes. There were no sounds, no jets, no noise at all. They flew in a V-shape pattern. It looked to me as if they were stopping to gather information. I watched them for only about ten seconds at the most before they were gone. It didn't seem possible that something that large could move that fast and disappear.

I later told my parents and they believed me. About ten minutes later I called the local radio station, but they probably thought it was a joke. There were no other reports. I know what I saw was no illusion, star, or meteorite. This sure is no joke. Could it please get some sort of information on this?

Sincerely yours,

[Signature redacted]

- page 11 -

