The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a report on a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10973 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 4 AUG 56 - 2/04302
2. LOCATION: Holly, Michigan
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one-three
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15-20 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: westward
8. ALTITUDE: low
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

FTD FORM 40-C-329 (TDB)

- page 1 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten diagram or sketch, but no photograph. As an OCR system, I will proceed to extract all the text found in the document:

30 Day November 1966 Year
Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or which you feel deserves explanation of your statement. They tell me they saw three objects come down from the sky (by coming down I mean going towards the horizon). The objects seemed to be flashing lights. At about 10 or 15 degrees above the horizon they stopped and seemed to be telling the truth. In the sky about 20 or 25 degrees above the horizon they were saying something. However, at one point it stopped pulsating - it seemed to be flat yellow light, bigger than the star. However, one moment it stopped pulsating - it seemed to be a flat yellow light, about the size of a star. Then it started pulsating again. This bright light has been known to move a great deal up and down and in a few minutes I noticed that it had moved a great deal down and up again. I just couldn't figure out how it could do that.
I just couldn't get a good fix on what the object looked like when the object was sighted. By using a star chart I found that the object, say 10:00 on the big dipper, was moving up and down. It will turn to the right, will not be seen for a time, and will turn to the left again. More detail would make it sound more accurate than they were.

- page 2 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO hovering over some trees. The sketch is labeled "O-UFO" and "TREES" at the bottom.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

O-UFO
TREES

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The text of the document is as follows:

The U.S. Project
Technical Information Division AFB
Wright-Patterson Ohio

Dear Sirs:

I sent in a UFO report about four months ago. The sighting took place near Holly, Michigan on August 4, 1966. I would like to know the results of your investigation. Have you received any other reports from the same place? I hope that you answer this letter, since I believe that what I saw could be identified.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image of a page from an old UFO report document. The image consists of text describing an alleged UFO observation.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

TEST/UFO (MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR/TO916/MHA) 19 MAY 1967
UFO OBSERVATION, 4 AUG 66
Detroit, Michigan 48234
1. Reference your recent correspondence requesting the Air Force evaluation of your 4 August 1966 observation. Detailed investigative studies did not provide identification; however, no substantive evidence of an abnormal aerial object was obtained. The description of your observation is similar to that description of other reported sightings. These sightings are normally destroyed after thirty days, thus preventing actual substantiation or accurate data being retained.
2. There were no additional reports from your area at the time of your sighting. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MAUATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a letter from an individual addressed to Major Hector Quintanilla Jr. of the United States Air Force, Wright-Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio.

OCR text output:

Detroit, Michigan 48224
October 25, 1966

Major Hector Quintanilla Jr., Major USAF
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

On August 4, 1966 I saw a UFO. However I think I saw a very common phenomenon, but what? I would like it if you send me a UFO form so that you might know and I might know what I saw. It could have been something strange but I doubt it. Also could you tell me if any other reports came in about that same date that my sighting took place?

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

Detroit, Michigan 48224
Major Hector Quintanilla, USAF
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

- page 6 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed letter or report from Project Blue Book, a historical US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

PIO (PETER) AND A.F.B., OHIO 45433
23 NOVEMBER 1966

Detroit, Michigan, 48224
Dear Mr. -----

YOUR LETTER OF 23 OCTOBER 1966 IN WHICH YOU MENTION THAT YOU OBSERVED AN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT ON 4 AUGUST 1966. REQUEST FOR COMPLETE THIS ATTACHED PIO FORM 158 AND RETURN IT TO OUR OFFICE IN THE ENVELOPE PROVIDED.

AS OF THIS DATE WE HAVE NOT RECEIVED ANY OTHER REPORTS FROM THE MICHIGAN AREA FOR 4 AUGUST.

THANK YOU FOR REPORTING YOUR OBSERVATION TO THE AIR FORCE.

SINCERELY,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., MAJOR, USAP
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire form from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? August - 1966
2. Time of day: 3:15 HOUR (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Holly city or Town Michigan State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 MINUTES Seconds:
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy d. Night (Circle One)
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

OCR Text:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION 
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? August - 1966
2. Time of day: 3:15 HOUR (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Holly City or Town Michigan State or County  
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 MINUTES Seconds:
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy d. Night (Circle One)
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 8 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or report form with various questions and response options related to observations of UFOs or unidentified objects in the sky.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Partly cloudy
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Day
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know

11.1 How does its brightness compare to some common object:
It seemed on the average (a 11.1 change brightness) about as bright as Saturn.

12. The edges of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fairly clear and distinct 
b. Blurred or fuzzy
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: 
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? (It seemed to pulsate) Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present on this page of the Project Blue Book document. The image shows a form with various questions and answer choices related to a reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
Yes (Circle One)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
Yes (Circle One)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country/rural?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over the country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West 
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Theodolite Yes No 
f. Telescope Yes No 
g. Other

26. In order that you can give a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe, in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

The text provided is a transcription of the form from the image. It includes various questions about a reported UFO sighting, with multiple choice answers that the witness could select from.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object I saw did disappear. It seemed to get very large (one-half of Saturn in size) and then it moved down toward the horizon and faded out of sight. The objects my friends saw flew out of sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   It made no sound.
b. Color   It was dull white to red. However after awhile it was the color that seemed to turn white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and compare the known object and note: How much of the match or length did the object cover? It would cover the object completely. I think.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, propulsions, etc... Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
What my friends said they saw in the sky: The object stopped for a while and then moved very fast and then stopped again and faded to a very dim star. The object is not moving a twice as fast as it does.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
I have seen other UFO a long time ago, however I have never seen one like that was before.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No
31.1 If yes, answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
I believe several others saw it also, but I do not have their addresses.

Birmingham, Michigan 
Detroit, Michigan 48205

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] [REDACTED] [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] [REDACTED], Michigan [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 14 SEX: Male
I have been studying Astronomy for a year. I am familiar with the planets and what they look like.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? I told my friends. I couldn't down the sighing as I wouldn't forget the details.
Day August Month 1966 Year

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram. The sketch shows a compass rose and includes instructions for the viewer to imagine a scenario and draw lines on the sketch to indicate the object's position and movement.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Three. I saw one of them. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 13 -

