The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 19 June 66 20/0155Z
2. LOCATION: Kettering, Ohio (Multiple)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
7. COURSE: Variable
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Satellite
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers noted object which was brighter than an evening star, being white to pink in color. The size was about the size of Venus. Air Force plane was also viewed during the sighting.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information form used for collecting information about unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for analysis, and the conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day, Month, Year

2. Time of day:
Hour, Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Town, City or Town, State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours, Minutes, Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fair to certain 
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes, No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: b. NIGHT:  
Clear, Bright, Haze, Clouds, Rain, Fog a. Bright, b. Haze, c. Clouds

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you, b. Behind you, c. To your left, d. To your right, e. Don't remember

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with a form-like layout containing questions and multiple-choice answers.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: _________________________

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Clearly outlined d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? c. Break into parts or explode? d. Give off smoke? e. Change brightness? f. Change shape? g. Flash or flicker? h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book UFO report document. However, the page contains handwritten text that appears to be a questionnaire or form related to a reported UFO sighting. The text covers various details about the reported UFO observation, such as whether it disappeared, moved behind or in front of something, and descriptions of its sound, color, and other characteristics.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color
18. We wish to know the area or size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object, and note how much the object as compared to the head of the match. If you had estimated the size of the object at the time of the sighting, how much of the match head would the object have covered?
19. On a picture we can show any details that you may have seen, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. If the details are drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ______

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the business section of a city?
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Outdoors
f. At sea
g. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. Near a city?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other _________ 

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image contains a compass diagram, but no photograph. 

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  Yes  No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)  Yes  No
31.2 Please give names and addresses:
[redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
[redacted]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: [redacted]  Month: [redacted]  Year: [redacted]

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a form-like structure. The text on the page includes questions and sections for the witness to provide information about their UFO sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
(The rest of the content on the page appears to be handwritten text provided by the witness in response to question 35.)

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which is a questionnaire filled out to gather information about an unidentified aerial phenomenon that was observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used to evaluate reports of unidentified aerial objects, and to determine conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
Day: Month: Year:
2. Time of day: Hour 5 Minutes 30
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Point of Access:  City or Town State or County
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration): Hours Minutes Seconds
a. Continuous b. Fairly Certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: 1. Clear 2. Hazy 3. Partly Cloudy 4. Overcast
b. NIGHT: 1. Clear 2. Partly Cloudy 3. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left
e. Overhead f. Don't Remember

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moon light
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds 

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Compared brightness to some common object.

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO DON'T KNOW
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO DON'T KNOW
c. Change brightness? YES NO DON'T KNOW
d. Give off smoke? YES NO DON'T KNOW
e. Change shape? YES NO DON'T KNOW
f. Divide into parts? YES NO DON'T KNOW
g. Flash or flicker? YES NO DON'T KNOW
h. Disappear and reappear? YES NO DON'T KNOW

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a page from an old UFO report document with a form and questions.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes           No     Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes           No     Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object could have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to UFO sightings.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
Yes
(Circle One)
No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
Yes
(Circle One)
No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane (plane)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country/rural?
d. In a suburb?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?
miles per hour

24.3 How fast was the object moving while you were looking at it? (Circle One)
Yes
No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Wind shield
d. Window glass
e. Binoculars
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It shows a diagram with a compass rose and instructions for sketching the motion of an object or objects. Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw the object. Draw a line from "A" to "B" on the compass to show the direction you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that 1. shows the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" or "C" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with a questionnaire or form.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
22. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted] [redacted] [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] [redacted] CITY [redacted] ZONE [redacted] STATE [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE [redacted] SEX [redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 14 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a blank form with a heading "34. Date you completed this questionnaire:" and a large empty space below it.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day
Month
Year

35. Information which is important and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from a Project Blue Book report with a form filled out.

PROJECT 10973 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 9 JUNE 1966 22/0210Z
2. LOCATION: Kettering, Ohio (3 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (aircraft)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object was going fast then slowed up as it came to the moon, then it speeded up and disappeared. Color was red and white, off and on. Observer estimated the distance the object was away from her to be 10 miles. Object appeared as round with a white trail.

- page 16 -

