The image provided does not contain any photographs or visual evidence. It appears to be a form or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs). The document provides fields to capture information such as the date, time, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, and whether there is any physical evidence or photographs. The conclusion section states "SEE CASE", indicating that additional information or details about the case are available elsewhere.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 8 Dec 66
2. LOCATION: Philadelphia, Pa.
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: None Noted
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: None Noted
8. PHOTOS: 1) Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 1) Yes
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The text found in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes only and will not be used for any legal or official investigations, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day Month Year

2. Time of day: 2300 minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M. 

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other ____

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuous? Yes ____ No ____

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day: (1) Clear (2) Partly Cloudy (3) Cloudy
b. Night: (1) Bright (2) Partly Bright (3) Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. Behind you d. To your left e. Don't remember

FTD Oct 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (CIRCLE ONE)
a. Solid  
b. Transparent
c. Opaque

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (CIRCLE ONE)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Partly sharp
c. Clear and distinct

13. DID THE OBJECT:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Speed up, then slow down or explode?
d. Change brightness?
e. Change shape?
f. Crash or explode?
g. Make any noise?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and response fields.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Moving Slowly or N.C. direction

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what was in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and say how many times the object spanned the match head. If this is impossible, tell us how the object would have been covered by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away do you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 23. Where you (Circle One)
(Circle One) a. In the business section of a city?
a. Inside a building b. In the residential section of a city?
b. In a car c. In open country/ide?
c. Outdoors d. Near an airfield?
d. In an airplane (type) e. Flying over a city?
e. At sea f. Flying over open country?
f. Other g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No f. Binoculars Yes No 
b. Sun glasses Yes No g. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No h. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No i. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away do you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 23. Where you (Circle One)
(Circle One) a. In the business section of a city?
a. Inside a building b. In the residential section of a city?
b. In a car c. In open country/ide?
c. Outdoors d. Near an airfield?
d. In an airplane (type) e. Flying over a city?
e. At sea f. Flying over open country?
f. Other g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No f. Binoculars Yes No 
b. Sun glasses Yes No g. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No h. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No i. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram. The sketch appears to be an illustration intended to help visualize the motion and trajectory of an unidentified object or objects in the sky. The sketch includes a horizon line, a protractor-like angle guide, and a compass rose or navigation symbol.

Transcription of the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show the direction from which the object first appeared, and a "B" on the compass to show the direction in which it last disappeared.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element other than the text and form that is shown. The text found in the document is as follows:

20. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Lee Name 
ADDRESS Ave hia 
TELEPHONE NUMBER
SEX Female  
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day ___ Month ___ Year ___

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. The page looks to be part of a questionnaire, with handwritten responses provided.

Output of the text in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Object sighted chart (5-20 miles) 
from Willow Grove NAS

Address 231 3776 NAS telephone #
You man 3rd Class Martin H. Goldberg.
Phone watch in duty office.

Called received from Willow Grove NAS
Pastor. Very few details for further
information you can call.)

- page 8 -

There is no visible photograph in the shared image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDDET/UFO 

SUBJECT: UFO Observation

TO:  Major

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania  19131

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached DD Form 1396 and return it to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 9 -

