PROJECT

BLUE
BOOK

1 FEBRUARY 1966

In the top right corner, there is a "RETURN TO" section with some partially legible text, and on the bottom right side there is a number "10032991".


- page 1 -

STATISTICS FOR 1965                                                    (Compiled 18 Jan 1966)

ASTRONOMICAL CASES
                JAN  FEB  MAR  APR  MAY  JUN  JUL  AUG  SEP  OCT  NOV  DEC  TOTAL
ASTRONOMICAL    10    8   11    4    2   10   27   82   30   27   22   12   245
AIRCRAFT        11    8   11   11    4    7   12   64   20   13   14    5   210
BALLOON          3    2    7    6    6    6    6    6    6    6    5    6   65
INSUFFICIENT DATA 5    4    2    4    4    2   16   24   15    5    3    1   85
OTHER            11    8    7    8    5    8   19   42   17    5   11    3   126
SATELLITE        4    5    5    5   15    5   42   41   24    3    0    3   152
UNIDENTIFIED     1    0    2    1    1    0    4    4    4    0    1    0   16
PENDING          0    0    0    0    0    0    2    2    2    6    4    2   17
TOTAL           45   35   43   36   41   33  138  262  104   70   55   28  887

ASTRONOMICAL CASES
                JAN  FEB  MAR  APR  MAY  JUN  JUL  AUG  SEP  OCT  NOV  DEC  TOTAL
Meteors          6    6    8    2    2    4   14   26   13    6    9    5   101
Stars and Planets 3    1    3    2    0    5   10   55   16   20   13    7   139
Other            1    1    1    0    0    1c  34   16   14   17    2   12    9
TOTAL           10    8   12    4    2    10  58   97   43   43   24   24  245

OTHER CATEGORY
                JAN  FEB  MAR  APR  MAY  JUN  JUL  AUG  SEP  OCT  NOV  DEC  TOTAL
Hoaxes, Hallucinations,
Unreliable Reports and
Psychological Causes     5    3    4    1    2    1    2   12    1    3    0    0   34
Missiles and Rockets      -    -    -    -    -    -    3    -    -    1    3   10
Reflections                -    -    -    1    -    1    2    1    1    1    -    4
Flares and Fireworks       -    -    -    -    1    -    1    3    -    -    -    5
Search and Ground Lights   2    1    0    1    0    0    2    -    2    0    2    0    9
Clouds and Controls        -    -    -    -    -    -    1    -    1    -    1    1    3
Birds                      -    -    -    -    2    -    -    -    3    -    1    -   11
Physical Specimens         -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    3
Radar Analysis             -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    6    -    -    -    6
Photo Analysis            -    1   21    -    1d   -    2k)   5x   -    1    -    1   12
Satellite Decay            0    1    -    -    -    1h    -    2    -    -    1    -    8
Miscellaneous             11    8    7    8    5    6    9   42    7    9   11    3  126
TOTAL

(Detailed footnotes and abbreviations are present at the bottom of the page)

Page number: 9


- page 2 -

Visible text:

CALCUTTA, INDIA

The rest of the document appears to be a form or table with faint lines and grid markings, but the text is too illegible to read with confidence.


- page 3 -

No legible text is visible on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with three hole punches on the left side, typical of a file or report document. The page is entirely white with no discernible text or markings.


- page 4 -

Title: SAC HIGH ALTITUDE SUPERSONIC TRAINING AND FLIGHT TEST ROUTES

The map shows various flight routes across the United States, with multiple cities marked and connected by lines. The map includes a legend with symbols for Test Routes, Training Routes, Surrounding Cities, Radar Bomb Scoring Sites, VOR, and VORTAC.

On the left side of the map, there is a "Profile of a Typical B-58 Supersonic Dash" graph showing altitude and distance for a supersonic flight.

The map includes states and major cities across the United States, with specific routes and locations marked, such as Boysen Reservoir, Gage, Crockett, Matagorda, and many others.

The bottom of the image contains a series of zeros.


- page 5 -

Title: USAF HIGH ALTITUDE REFUELING AREAS

Legend:
- High Altitude Refueling Area
- Entrance Reporting Station
- Exit Reporting Station

The map shows various radio stations and refueling areas across the United States, with different named locations such as:
- Balls Rock
- Drag Race
- Happy Home
- High Lite
- Easy Hit
- Long Drink
- Fade Out
- Kitty Cat
- Eagle Eye
- Ivory Snow
- Crazy Mary
- Dragon Tooth
- And many others

The map includes geographical outlines of the United States and indicates various radio stations and their locations with specific coordinates.


- page 6 -

Title: USAF LOW ALTITUDE REFUELING AREAS

Legend: Low Altitude Refueling Area (rectangular box)

Refueling Areas labeled include:
- Web Foot (1102)
- Cold Cut (1104)
- Big Stick (1107)
- Bat Wood (1115)
- Cactus Plane (1120)
- Medrock (1107)
- Dark Horse (1108)
- Big Boy (1115)
- Five Star (1116)
- Tool Bin (1127)
- Road Runner (1011)
- Slippery Sam (1703)
- Mush Puppy (1702)
- White Cat (1321)
- Deacon Jones (1120)
- Black Ball (1129)
- Grain Field (1330)
- Sea Trout (1141)
- Tea Shop (1140)
- Jack Knife (1203)

The map shows the continental United States with various low altitude refueling areas marked across different regions, each with a numerical identifier.


- page 7 -

USAF LOW ALTITUDE REFUELING AREAS 1-85

USAF aircraft conduct refueling operations throughout the continental United States below 24,000 feet MSL. Although these refueling operations may be conducted anywhere in the United States, they are generally confined to the area listed below. The following points are emphasized with refueling operations below 24,000 feet MSL:

(1) Refueling aircraft have right of way over other aircraft in accordance with CAR 60.14(b).
(2) Normally, these operation are conducted VFR (or VFR conditions on top), however, they may be conducted on IFR flight plans at assigned altitude/s including altitude reservation flight plans.

The rest of the document is a table listing various low altitude refueling areas for Strategic Air Command and Tactical Air Command, with their corresponding numbers, names, and geographical coordinates. The areas have creative names like "Bus Stop", "Web Fool", "Golden Rod", "Teo Shop", "Road Runner", "Hush Puppy", etc.

The table is divided into two main sections:
1. Strategic Air Command (areas 101-161)
2. Tactical Air Command (areas 701-707)

Each entry includes a number, name, and precise area coordinates (latitude and longitude).


- page 8 -

ROUTE TAR PAIL
EFFECTIVE 22 APRIL 1962
USAF LOW LEVEL ROUTES
OIL BURNER

Tobe, Colorado VORTAC facility

Aircraft shall enter at the Tobe VORTAC (reporting point) at assigned altitude/
flight level, then proceed outbound on the Tobe VORTAC 175 radial at assigned
altitude/flight level, until 20 NM south of the Tobe VORTAC, then descend
outbound on the Tobe VORTAC 175 radial to as to reach 23,000 MSL or
below at 54/45N 102/14W, at this point, aircraft shall start inbound on the
Tobe VORTAC 175 radial to the target. Aircraft shall maintain 7500 MSL until clear
of V81 then continue direct to the entry point at the low level area at
54/50N 102/40W at 8000 MSL maintain 8000 MSL direct to 36°57'N 102°17'W.

SHORT LOOK: After passing 37°27'N 102°17'W aircraft shall climb to as to
reach 8000 MSL prior to crossing 37°57'N 102°19'W; aircraft shall then make
bomb run at 8000 MSL to the target at 37°59'N 103°33'W. After leaving
target aircraft shall continue on 103 heading direct to the next low level
20 NM, then make a right turn and proceed direct to 38°03'N 102°15'W.

(Intersection of Hugo, Colo. VOR 148° radial and Lamar, Colo. VOR 232°
radial) then direct to Walsh, Colo. maintaining 8000' MSL until clear of V10.
Climb to as to reach 21,000' MSL north of V1730, then at 21,000 MSL to Walsh,
Colo. (Entering point) direct to Dalhart, Texas VORTAC.

LONG LOOK: Aircraft shall start climb from 6000' MSL immediately after
crossing the Tobe, Colo. VORTAC 065° radial to as to reach 14,000'
MSL until north of V1730, then climb to as to reach 23,000 MSL prior to
entering V175 and V1734 long look mission wall then maintain 21,000 MSL
to the Lamar VOR 146° radial to Walsh, Colo. VOR, then at 23,000 MSL via the Lamar VOR 146° radial to Walsh, Colo.
(reporting point), then at 21,000 MSL direct to the Dalhart, Texas VORTAC
(reporting point).

The hours of operation on this route are 0000 - 2159Z Mon-Sat.

[The rest of the text is a legend and location details on the map]

LEGEND:
- Entry Routes
- Positions Specified in Text
- Re-Entry Routes
- Maneuver Area of Low Bomb Runs

[Bottom of page notes]
United States, FLR Planning Section 1
Amendment 22 April, Page 1 of 1 Pages


- page 9 -

USAF LOW LEVEL ROUTE CHART

Left Side Chart (Routes Flown IFR/VFR, DAY/NIGHT):
- Days of Week Used: Mon-Sat
- Speeds: 280K IAS
- Aircraft: Jet
- Target Cities: NORAD/TAC Entry Points: O

Right Side Chart (Routes Flown IFR/VFR ON TOP, DAYS):
- Days of Week Used: Random Intervals
- Aircraft: Jet/Compl
- Surrounding Cities: Radar Bomb Setting Sites: O

Bottom Left Legend (Radar Bomb Scoring (RBS) Information):
- RADAR Bomb Scoring (RBS) Site provides scoring for simulated bombing attacks by military aircraft
- This can be located in a densely populated area where air traffic is correspondingly dense
- AROUND RBS Site, wherever possible, especially during daylight, has formed base of RBS operations
- Operations are normally conducted VFR 1000 feet on top, vicinity of high altitudes

The document is a map of the United States showing various flight routes and scoring sites for military aircraft training exercises.


- page 10 -

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
Washington 25, D.C.

MAY 2 1961

Maj. William T. Coleman, Jr., USAF
Public Information Division
Office of Information
Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D. C.

Dear Major Coleman:

Your letter dated April 7, 1961, regarding sighting of white light rotating beacons on aircraft has been forwarded to this office for reply.

Approved anti-collision lights required for night flight on aircraft having a maximum gross weight of more than 12,000 pounds and used on many lighter aircraft are red rotating beacons.

Special Civil Air Regulation SR-392B which is scheduled to terminate February 25, 1962, provides for limited experimental use of types of lighting systems which do not comply with the relevant specifications contained in the CARs.

A number of different types of lights are being evaluated by the Federal Aviation Agency Bureau of Research and Development and various operators and manufacturers. The majority of these lights are of the strobe conductor discharging type with a produce a brilliant blue-white light. One type of installation consists of "swinging" wing lights in green and red and a "bobbing" white tail light. The periodic discharge flash or the "bobbing" effect may not be distinguishable from a rotating flash at a distance, which may explain the impression that white rotating beacons have been observed.

Since approvals of experimental operation in accordance with SR-392B are granted in the field, the number and types of lights presently in operation are not readily available.

Maintaining a current list of aircraft with experimental lighting would be impractical as is subject to frequent changes.

If we may be of additional assistance, please advise.

Sincerely,

Jack W. Hudson, Chief
Air Carrier Operations Branch
Bureau of Flight Standards


- page 11 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS STRATEGIC AIR COMMAND
OFFUTT AIR FORCE BASE, NEBRASKA, 68113

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DXIP-2                                                                15 NOV 1965

SUBJECT: Night Photography - Air Refueling

TO:    AFSC (Col de Jonckheere)
        Foreign Technology Division
        Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

The attached film is of a night refueling of a B-52 and a KC-135. It was photographed from a B-39 chase aircraft. Separation between subject and chase aircraft was the minimum permissible distance of 2,000'. The film shows only several lights moving on a dark background. The film was processed using the best known methods of increasing the film speed.

FOR THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF

[Signature of] JOHN R. RUEHLE, Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Production and Policy Division
Directorate of Information

1 Atch
Roll of Film
Project Number 7-52/612
Roll Number M32D 1 & 2

FLARES USED WITH REFUELING OPERATIONS:

SOURCE: NCOIC of REFUELING SQUADRON AT WPAFB

No flares are carried for operations except on KC-97s. KC-97s carry M-4 flares for emergency use. These are used primarily when communications by radio are out or the A/C to be refueled cannot locate the tanker A/C. The normal color is a two-ball yellow and green flare fired out of the rear of the A/C. The flare looks like a roman candle and falls in an arc descending. The duration can be up to 30 seconds. Red flares are carried also, but these are used in emergency only and not for identification or refueling operations.


- page 12 -

FIREBALL REPORT

Persons observing a fireball or meteor should report the information to the American Meteor Society. The information desired is contained below.

A very brilliant meteor or fireball is reported to have passed in your vicinity on... at the hour of ... . Will you please answer as fully as possible the following questions, which are asked on behalf of the American Meteor Society in order that permanent records of such phenomena may be obtained. When these reports are published each contributor whose report is fairly complete will be mentioned, if possible, and due credit given. It is only by the help of those who can give personal information that data can be secured for the computation of the orbits of meteors. These data are of great scientific value and all reasonable efforts should be made to obtain them. You will be unable probably to answer all questions below, but answer those you can, as they may be of the greatest importance.

10


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

ARMCO STEEL CORPORATION
GENERAL OFFICES   MIDDLETOWN, OHIO 45042

WALTER C. PAQUE
MANAGER AIR TRANSPORTATION

November 26, 1965

Major Hector Quintanilla, USAF
Chief Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio 45433

Dear Sir:

In reply to your letter of 15 November, 1965, with reference to your investigation of an unidentified flying object, I am submitting the following information:

The pilots aboard the Armco Steel Corporation Gulfstream -437-A were Donald Swanson and the undersigned, who are employees of the company.

a. There were no unusual lights or other aircraft observed during the approach to the airport.

b. The time of landing was 1840 EST(23+02).

c. The approach path of the aircraft was from the northeast over the field after which a right turn was executed and the aircraft then proceeded westbound until entering a downwind leg on the southwesterly heading in preparation for landing to the northeast on the runway heading 052 degrees.

d. There is no afterburner used on the engines.

Insofar as there are wing tip and tail flashing strobe lights installed on the aircraft which we operated at the time, as well as top and bottom fuselage rotating beacons, we feel this might help in your investigation.

We hope that the above will be of some assistance to you.

Very truly yours,
E. E. Winglewch
E. E. Winglewich
Pilot

BEM:nev


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Header, partially illegible: "(UNCLASSIFIED OBSERVATIONS AS REPORTED TO AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER ON UFO CONVENTIONAL NATURE)"]

The document appears to be a tabular report with columns for:
- Sequence Number
- Date
- Location (Urban/Rural)
- Time
- Other details like military/civilian observers
- Observation Data
- Duration
- Weather Conditions
- Observation Details

The table contains multiple rows of UFO sighting reports with various details such as location, time, observer type, and brief observation notes. Each row includes specific data points like "1 A/F", "PHONE NO", "RADAR", etc.

Some example entries include:
- Urban Night observations
- Rural Night observations
- Military-related observations
- Various times and locations
- Different observation conditions (clear, cloudy, etc.)

The document seems to be a standardized reporting form for UFO sightings from Project Blue Book, with systematic recording of observation details.


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[The entire page appears to be a tabular document with multiple columns containing data about various "Urban Night" and "Urban Day" observations, with columns including dates, locations, observer types (e.g., "1 Y M STUDENT"), observation details, and various coded information. The text is in a typewriter-style font and appears to be from a scientific or military report, likely part of Project Blue Book's UFO sighting records.]

The text is fully legible, but reproducing the entire table would be extremely lengthy. The columns seem to include:
- Sequence/Line Number
- Date
- Location (mostly "Urban Night" or "Urban Day")
- Observer Type
- Observation Details
- Various coded observation characteristics
- Time/Duration
- Weather/Sky Conditions
- Additional Notes/Codes

Would you like me to extract a specific portion or summarize the document's structure?


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

[The document appears to be a tabular report with multiple columns containing data about "Urban Night" observations, with columns for date, time, location, duration, and various descriptive notes. The text is in a typewriter-style font and contains many rows of data. Due to the density of the information, I cannot reproduce the entire table, but it seems to be a systematic record of nighttime urban observations with various classifications and details.]

The columns appear to include:
- Sequential row numbers
- Date
- Location type (e.g., "Urban Night")
- Various classification codes
- Time
- Duration
- Observation details
- Descriptive notes

The document looks like a standardized observation log or report form, possibly from a scientific or military research project.


- page 17 -

The image appears to be a detailed tabular document with multiple columns of data. The columns seem to include information such as date, time, location (urban/rural), observation details, and various other coded or abbreviated information. The text is typed and appears to be from a vintage document, likely a UFO or astronomical observation log. Due to the density of the information, I'll refrain from transcribing the entire page, as that would be extremely lengthy. The document looks like a systematic record of observations with standardized entries across multiple rows and columns.


- page 18 -

THE FOLLOWING RECORDS CONTAIN OBJECTS EVALUATED AS UNIDENTIFIED:

[The document appears to be a tabular report with multiple columns listing various sightings, dates, locations, and characteristics. The text at the bottom of the page reads:]

THE FOLLOWING AND FOLDER ASSOCIATED WITH THE MISSION INVASION FLAP CONTAINED FIFTY-ONE (51) OBJECTS EVALUATED AS POSSIBLE AIRCRAFT AND ONE (1) HELICOPTER REPORT NONE OF THESE ARE UNRESOLVED IN THE STATISTICS AS AIRCRAFT SIGHTINGS.

The rest of the document consists of rows of data with columns for date, location (urban/rural), time, location details, and various observation characteristics. Due to the density of the text and tabular format, a complete verbatim transcription would be very lengthy.


- page 19 -

There is no readable text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with three hole punches on the left side and a vertical label on the right side that appears to say "BALCOR" (though this is partially cut off). The page is a white/off-white color with no discernible text or content.


- page 20 -

NASA Wallops Station
Wallops Island, Va.

February 5, 1965

Balloons Launched at Wallops

Routinely every morning Monday through Friday at about 8:00 a.m. we release a balloon which is about 6-feet in diameter (buff color) carrying a radiosonde (3" x 8" x 8") on a 50-ft. string. These balloons rise until they burst (approximately 100,000 ft. altitude). There is a paper parachute between balloon and radiosonde (which weighs a couple of pounds) that brings the radiosonde back to earth after the balloon bursts. This is a meteorological balloon which collects information on temperature, pressure, and density of the atmosphere.

Also through the day and night whenever a rocket launching is scheduled, one of these 6-ft. balloons is launched about one hour before launch. Same purpose as above.

In connection with the rocket firings, at about T-3 hours we launch one of these 6-ft. balloons carrying corner reflectors covered with silver foil (instead of a radiosonde) to determine winds aloft. These balloons may catch someone's eye occasionally due to the bright reflectors.

For special firings such as Nike-Cajuns, Aerobees, and Scouts, we launch little 3-ft. balloons (some buff color and some red) as frequently as every 5 minutes during the last hour of the countdown (no attachment), to obtain data on wind direction and velocity. As many as 30 or 40 may be released during a countdown due to holds, etc. These do not go as high as the 6-ft. balloons.

About 90 percent of the balloons released from Wallops (and Norfolk area also) end up over the water due to prevailing winds. Sometimes during the summer when prevailing winds are easterly, a few do end up over land.

-more-


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

Some other things launched at Wallops which may be visible to the public (probably not the Norfolk area) are:

Arcas rockets which have a 15-ft. orange and White parachute to lower the payload from an altitude of 200,000 ft. Sometimes it takes 3 hours to impact in the water.

Arcas-Robin rockets which have a payload consisting of a 1-yard diameter sphere which is inflated to obtain meteorological data.


- page 22 -

The image appears to be a detailed tabular document from Project Blue Book, containing multiple columns of data related to UFO sightings. The text is dense and includes headers such as "DATE", "LOCATION", "DURATION", and various other observational details. Due to the complexity and small print, I cannot transcribe the entire document. However, the document seems to be a comprehensive log of UFO-related observations, with rows of data describing specific incidents, locations, times, and other relevant information. The document appears to be an official government record with a structured, data-driven format typical of scientific or investigative reports from that era.


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

(1) Give your name and address.

(2) Where were you when you saw the meteor? (If the town is small please give county as well.)

(3) Give the date, hour and minute when the meteor appeared; also kind of time used.

(4) In what direction did it appear (or in what direction was it first seen)? This is not asking in what direction it was going!

(5) In what direction did it disappear (or in what direction was it last seen)? For questions 4 and 5, simply N, E, S, or W is not accurate enough, unless these were the exact directions. If compass is used, state it; also if magnetic correction has been applied to compass reading.

(6) At what height did it appear? (Use degrees in answering.)

(7) At what height did it disappear? (Use degrees in answering.)

(8) Did it pass directly overhead (i.e., through the zenith)?

(9) If not, to which side of the zenith did it go, and how far from it? (Use degrees in answering.)

(10) Did it appear to reach the horizon? What sort of a horizon have you?

(11) What angle did the path of the meteor make with the horizon and in which direction was it then going?

(12) If you are familiar with constellations describe the path of the meteor through the sky with reference to stars.

(13) Did the meteor appear to explode?

(14) What was the duration of its flight in seconds?

(15) Describe the train if one was left. If it lasted long enough to show drift, most carefully tell in what direction train drifted. Give sketch, if possible, showing this with regard to horizon.

(16) What was the duration of the train in seconds?

(17) Did you hear any sound? How long after seeing the meteor was it before you heard this sound?
Did you hear an actual explosion? How long after seeing the explosion was it before you heard it?

(18) Of what color was the meteor?

(19) What was the size of the meteor? (Compare it with the Moon or with a planet or star.)

(20) Was more than one body seen before the explosion (if any)?

(21) What was condition of sky at time?

(22) Give names and addresses of others who saw the meteor.

(23) Please mail this reply to
Charles P. Oliver
AMERICAN METEOR SOCIETY
521 N. Wynnewood Ave
Narberth, Pennsylvania 19072


- page 24 -

#       ITEM

1       BALLOON LAUNCH LOCATION
2       EFFECTS OF SUNLIGHT ON BALLOON AT DAWN/DUSK
3       ROAB (WEATHER BALLOON)
4       WEATHER BALLOON WITH RADAR REFLECTOR
5       RADIOSONDE BALLOON
6       MOBY DICK (UPPER AIR)
7       UPPER AIR WITH ATTACHMENTS
8       PILLOW BALLOON
9       CLUSTER BALLOON
10 - 11 SCHJEIDAL MYLAR PLASTIC BALLOON
12      SCHJEIDAL MYLAR PLASTIC BALLOON WITH FINS


- page 25 -

The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page. There is no legible text visible on this page. The image shows a white or off-white page with some faint background texture, hole punches on the left side, and what seems to be part of a vertical text or label on the right edge, but the text is not clear enough to read.


- page 26 -

ASTRONOMICAL SIGHTINGS

101 Cases contained objects evaluated as meteors. Evaluation is performed by analysis personnel within the section on the basis of description, motion, and duration. These analysis are reviewed periodically by Dr. Hynek and concurrence is mandatory for final evaluation. These reports are then forwarded to Dr. Charles P. Olivier of the American Meteor Society for whatever action he deems advisable.

135 Cases contained objects evaluated as stars/planets. These reports are evaluated by analysis personnel within the section on the basis of the reported characteristics of the object, duration, the position of the object in the sky and its motion. Again Dr. Hynek must concur with the analysis prior to evaluation of a report as astronomical in nature.

The astronomical (other) category can best be explained by an examination of those cases evaluated and placed in this category. Some of these cases are evaluated by local astronomers having a knowledge of the particular phenomena because of the locale and atmospheric conditions. Examples: Tab A - Comet, Tab C - Moon. The remainder are evaluated by analysis personnel within the section and the evaluation is concurred with by Dr. J. Allen Hynek (Project Consultant). Cases of sun-dogs and parhelias are forwarded to Dr. Donald Menzel because of his particular interest in these case studies.


- page 27 -

TAB    ITEM

A.    LETTER FROM DR. OLIVIER DATED 28 DECEMBER 1965

B.    COMET

C.    MOON

D.    REFLECTED MOONLIGHT

E.    SUN

F.    PARHELIA

G.    SOLAR IMAGE (FROM GROUND)

H.    SOLAR IMAGE (FROM A/C)


- page 28 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and an "A" label on the right side of the page.


- page 29 -

UNIVERSITY of PENNSYLVANIA
PHILADELPHIA 4

Flower and Cook Observatory

Major Hector Quintanilla, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson, ADB, Ohio.

Dear Major Quintanilla:                                                1965 Dec. 28

Thank you for your letter of Dec. 20, bringing a set of reports from Miss Ochign. Having read them over, when you designated them as "very unscientific", you were very charitable. Nevertheless I am glad to have them for our files and did find one definite statement about the Gemini meteors we can use. The good lady seems well and I will send her Bul.17 in hopes she can get into her head what we need in a fireball report.

The large batch of reports on first six months of 1965, you kindly sent me in August, I've now been gone over in detail and 17 had enough to justify their being entered on Firkill cards, and one more refers to a fireball I've already heard of. The rest of the reports are too unset in for our card file; none however need my comment of value to you, so far as I see.

Those of your reports which have the small altitude and azimuth diagrams on 1st page are the ones most likely to be of value in any possible computation of heights. The diagrams are very good. They help visualize what one has seen and makes it easier to get the results on paper so they're intelligible.

It is a mystery to me that so many educated people can say so much on a fireball and leave out the essential data, namely where in the sky it started, and have not given any coordinate. Every report would be valuable if these were given, but regretfully they are not. But extensive use of the diagrams should help greatly.

Again thanking you for your valuable help to the A.M.S. in our work, and with best wishes for 1966, I am

Sincerely yours,
Charles P. Olivier.

C. P. OLIVIER
AMERICAN METEOR SOCIETY
521 N. Washington St.
Lewisburg, Pa.
15672


- page 30 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and a small "B" label on the right side of the page.


- page 31 -

HISTORY OF PROJECT

Following the Kenneth Arnold sighting on 24 June 1947, wide news coverage of public reports of "flying discs or saucers" created sufficient concern at high military echelons to authorize AMC to conduct a preliminary investigation into these reports. Early correspondence indicates that U. S. Military Leaders were concerned that the objects reported were an aircraft configuration more advanced than those possessed by the United States Armed Forces. A letter, 23 September 1947, from Lt. General Twining of AMC to the Commanding General of the Army Air Forces, expressed the opinion that there was sufficient substance in the reports to warrant a detailed study.

On 30 December 1947, a letter from the Chief of Staff directed AMC to... "set up a project whose purpose was to collect, collate, evaluate and distribute to interested Government Agencies and contractors all information concerning UFO sightings and phenomena in the atmosphere which can be construed to be of concern to the National Security. "

The Technical Intelligence Division of AMC issued Hq AMC Technical Instruction No 2185, 11 February 1948, and the project was inaugurated with a code name of "SIGN." The code name "SIGN" was changed to the code name "GRUDGE" on 16 December 1948. A report released in February 1949 covering analysis of the first 273 incidents concluded that, while no definite and conclusive evidence existed, evaluation of reports of unidentified objects was a necessary activity of Military Intelligence Agencies.

After the Project "SIGN" Report, work continued along the same lines and a Project "GRUDGE" Report was published and released in August 1949 by AMC. This report contained analysis of 244 cases and concluded that Unidentified Flying Objects represented a) misinterpretation of conventional objects, b) mass hysteria or "War Nerves", c) hoaxes and/or d) Psychopathological persons. Based upon these conclusions AMC recommended that investigation and study of this type of report be reduced in scope. Major portions of this work were performed under contract by Ohio State University, Professor Hynek (Present Consultant to AF on Project Blue Book), The Rand Corporation, Dr. G. Valley, Dr. Paul Fitts, Air Weather Service, 3610th Electronic Section and the U. S. Weather Bureau.

Following publication of the "GRUDGE" Report, the Air Force continued to investigate sightings, inasmuch as in Air Force responsibility to identify and analyze Aerial Phenomena that could possibly be a menace to the United States. Much of the Scientific and Technical work during 1950 and 1951 centered around Project "Twinkle" and the Green Fireball studies of Dr. LaFaz in the Southwestern United States. Project "Twinkle" Final Report was completed on 27 December 1951. During December 1951 Colonel Kirkland and Lt. Ruppelt made a visit to cause the feasibility of a scientific study from the data collected since the program's inception. Thus, Project Blue Book's Special Report #14 came into being.


- page 32 -

During the phase in which Special Report #14 was in preparation (1952 - 1954), the project attracted a Public Relations aspect that remains with it today. This came about through a National Interest in reported sightings, Science-Fiction publications of alleged contacts with visitors from outer space, formation of pseudo-scientific organizations, hobby clubs, and self-appointed individuals who investigated UFO sightings. The radar sightings in Washington D. C. during July 1952 tended to give substance to UFO reports. News coverage during this period was extremely high and General Samford conducted a press conference on 29 July 1952 to explain the situation.

With the increased volume of reports pouring in, a Scientific Advisory Panel on UFO was established in late 1952. At a meeting held during 14 - 18 January 1953 all available data was examined. Conclusions and recommendations of the panel were published in an unclassified report, and made public. The panel concluded that UFO's did not threaten the National Security of the U.S. and recommended that the "Aura of mystery" attached to the project be removed.

By 1953 Air Force responsibility for the UFO program had become firmly established. It was now apparent that some directives were necessary in order to standardize investigative procedures and formulate policy. AFR 200-2 was written and the final publication was distributed in August 1954. This regulation states the purpose, investigative procedures and policies relating to release of information. Special Report #14 was completed on 17 March 1954. It concluded that on the basis of the observations reported to the Air Force, it was highly improbable that any of these reports represent observations of technological developments outside the range of present day scientific knowledge. In accordance with the recommendations of the Scientific Panel and provisions for release of information outlined in AFR 200-2 the report was declassified and released to the general public on 5 May 1955.

After 1955 the project concerned itself with investigation of sightings, evaluation of the data and release of information to proper news media. This information is given to the public in the form of a news release called the "FACT SHEET". These, or similar releases have been made periodically since 1955. All data collected has been in accordance with the conclusions of the Scientific Panel in January 1953. Still, the "Flying Saucer Myth" has remained in the public eye, and has necessitated many conferences and briefings among Military, Civilian, Scientific, and Congressional members.

Among the most significant of these are: a) 4 October 1956, The General Lewis Special Briefing, b) 16 September 1957, Defense Science Board Briefing, c) 31 January 1958, McClellan Sub-Committee Briefing, d) 8 August 1958, McCormack Sub-Committee Briefing, e) February 1959, Washington D. C. Policy Meetings and f) 11 - 15 July 1961, Congressional Briefing (M. Robert Smart).


- page 33 -

As far back as 1952 recommendations have been made to discontinue the project or transfer it to civilian agencies or contractors. However, continuation of the project under AFR Force auspices is likely. A letter from General Watson on 7 July 1955 to General Sanford expressed factors that are still pertinent, ". . . is the fact that complete reliance on a contractor would not reduce the responsibility of and therefore the load carried by the Air Force. . ." Also, various studies have been made to transfer the project to other organizations within the Air Force.

CURRENT SITUATION: Personnel associated with the project are engaged in receipt of UFO reports, investigation, analysis, and evaluation of these reports and maintenance of research and correspondence files. In addition, information is supplied to SAFOI-CC upon which to base a reply to the more than 2,000 letters a year from individuals requesting information on the UFO program. From 1962 - 1965 the files were reviewed and placed in a standard format. Statistics were recomputed on the bases of the actual case files. The fact sheet was revised to provide information most often requested by individuals and to delineate the yearly statistics. Periodic case summaries on cases of public interest are released. The current AFR 200-2 is under revision. Present Project Officer is Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.


- page 34 -

AIR FORCE REGULATION
NO. 200-2

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
Washington, 29 July 1962

Intelligence Activities

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)

This regulation establishes the UFO Program to investigate and analyse UFO's over the United States. Such investigation and analysis are directly related to Air Force responsibility for the defense of the United States. The UFO Program provides for the prompt reporting and rapid identification needed for successful "identification," which is the second of the four phases of air defense—detection, identification, interception, and destruction. All commanders will comply strictly with this regulation.

SECTION A—GENERAL
Explanation of Terms..............................................Paragraph 1
Objectives..........................................................2
Responsibilities....................................................3
Guidance...........................................................4
Reporting UFO Information..........................................5

SECTION B—PUBLIC RELATIONS, INFORMATION, CONTACTS, AND RELEASES
Maintaining Public Relations........................................6
Releasing Information..............................................7
Exceptions..........................................................8
Release by Non-Air Force Sources...................................9
Contacts...........................................................10

SECTION C—PREPARING AND SUBMITTING REPORTS
General Information................................................11
Methods for Transmitting Reports...................................12
Where To Submit Reports...........................................13
Basic Reporting Data and Format...................................14
Negative or Inapplicable Data......................................15
Comments of Preparing Officer.....................................16
Classification......................................................17
Reporting Physical Evidence........................................18

SECTION A—GENERAL
1. Explanation of Terms. To insure proper and uniform usage in UFO screenings, investigations, and reportings, an explanation of the objects follows:

a. Familiar or known objects:
(1) Aircraft, balloons, kites, birds, searchlights, astronomical bodies (meteors, planets, stars, comets), pilotless aircraft, missiles, satellites in orbit, and others identified by the observer as normal appearing objects.

(2) Flying objects determined to be aircraft. These generally appear as a result of ADIZ violations and often prompt the UFO reports submitted by the general public. They are readily identifiable as, or known to be, aircraft, but their type, purpose, origin, and destination are unknown. Air Defense Command is responsible for reports of "unknown" aircraft, which should not be reported as UFOs under this regulation.

(3) Aircraft flares, jet exhausts, condensation trails, blinking or steady lights observed at night, lights circling or near airports and airways, and other phenomena or objects known to be emanating from, or to be indications of, aircraft. These should not be reported under this regulation, as they do not fall within the definition of a UFO.

b. Unidentified Flying Objects. Any aerial phenomena, airborne object or objects which are unknown or appear out of the ordinary to the observer because of performance, aerodynamic characteristics, or unusual features.

2. Objectives. Air Force interest in UFOs is three-fold. First, as possible threat to the security of the United States and its forces; second, as a scientific research problem; and third, as a public information responsibility.

OPI: AFCIN
DISTRIBUTION: S


- page 35 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AFR 200-2

and, to determine the technical or scientific characteristics of any such UFO's; third, to explain or identify all UFO sightings as described in paragraph 1b.

a. Air Defense. The great majority of flying objects reported have been conventional, familiar things of no great threat to the security of the United States and its possessions. However, since the possibility exists that UFO's reported may be hostile or new foreign air vehicles of unconventional design, it is imperative to report sightings rapidly, factually, and as completely as possible.

b. Technical and Scientific. The Air Force will continue to collect and analyze reports of UFO's until all are scientifically or technically explained or until the full potential of the sightings has been exploited. In performing this task the following factors are of great importance:

(1) To measure scientific advances, the Air Force must have the latest experimental and developmental information on new or unique air vehicles or weapons.

(2) The possibility exists that foreign countries may develop air vehicles of revolutionary configuration or propulsion.

(3) There is need for further scientific knowledge in such fields as geophysics, astronomy, and the study and analysis of UFO's and similar aerial phenomena may provide.

(4) The reporting of all pertinent factors will have a direct bearing on scientific analyses and conclusions of UFO sightings.

c. Reduction of Percentage of UFO "Unidentifieds." Air Force activities must reduce the percentage of unidentifieds to the minimum. Analysis thus far has explained all but a few of the sightings reported. These unexplained sightings are carried statistically as unidentified. If more information, detailed, objective data on the unknowns had been available, probably these, too, could have been explained. However, because of the human factors involved, and the fact that analyses of UFO sightings depend primarily on the personal impressions and interpretations of the observers rather than on accurate scientific data or facts obtained under controlled conditions, the elimination of all unidentifieds is improbable.

3. Responsibilities:

a. Reporting. Base commanders will report all information and evidence of UFO sightings, including information and evidence received from other services, Government agencies, and civilian sources. Investigators are authorized to make telephone calls from the investigation area direct to the Foreign Technology Division (FTD), of the Air Force Systems Command, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio (Clearwater 3-7111, ext. 69216/66378). The purpose of the calls is to report high priority findings. (See section C.)

b. Investigation. The commander of the Air Force base nearest the location of the reported UFO sighting will conduct all investigative actions necessary to submit a complete initial report of a UFO sighting. The initial investigation will include every effort to resolve the sighting. An Air Force base other than that closest to the scene of a reported UFO sighting will refer the sighting immediately to the commander of the nearest Air Force base for appropriate action. (See paragraph 5.)

c. Analysis. The Air Force Systems Command Foreign Technology Division will analyze and evaluate:

(1) Information and evidence reported within the United States after the investigators have exhaustive efforts to identify the UFO.

(2) Information and evidence collected in overseas areas.

EXCEPTION: The AFSC (FTD) independently or in participation with pertinent Air Force activities, may conduct any additional investigations necessary to further or conclude its analyses or findings.

d. Findings. AFSC (FTD) will prepare a final report on each sighting after collection and analysis of data, and will forward a copy of the report to HQ USAF (AFCIN).

e. Public Relations and Information Services. The Office of Information, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, will be responsible for releasing information on sightings, and, in coordination with AFSC (FTD), answering correspondence from the public regarding UFO's. (See paragraphs 7 and 8.)

f. Congressional Inquiries. The Office of Legislative Liaison will:

(1) In coordination with the AFSC (FTD) and/or the Office of Information, when necessary, answer all congressional mail regarding UFO's addressed to the Secretary of the Air Force and Headquarters USAF.

(2) Forward those inquiries which are scientific and technical to the FTD for information on which to base a reply. The FTD will re-

2


- page 36 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

turn this information to the Office of Legislative Liaison for reply to the inquiry.

(3) Process requests from congressional sources in accordance with AFR 11-7.

g. Cooperation. All Air Force activities will cooperate with Air Force UFO investigators to insure the economical and prompt success of investigations and analyses. When feasible, this cooperation will include furnishing air or ground transportation and other assistance.

4. Guidance. The thoroughness and quality of a report or investigation of UFOs are limited only by the skill and resourcefulness of the person who receives the initial information and/or prepares the report. The usefulness and value of any report or investigation depend on the accuracy and timeliness of its contents. Following are aids for screening, evaluating, and reporting sightings:

a. Careful study of the logic, consistency, and coherence of the observer's report. An interview with the observer by personnel preparing the report is especially valuable in determining the source's reliability and the validity of the information given. Factors deserving particular attention are the observer's age, occupation, and education, and whether his occupation involves observation reporting or technical knowledge.

A report stating that a witness is completely familiar with certain aspects of a sighting should indicate his or her specific qualifications.

b. Theodolite measurements of changes of azimuth, and elevation and angular size.

c. Interception, identification, or air search, if appropriate and within the scope of air defense regulations.

d. When feasible, contact with local aircraft control and warning (ACW) units, and with pilots and crews of aircraft aloft at the time and place of sighting. Also, contact with any other persons or organizations that may have factual data on the UFO or can corroborate evidence—visual, electronic, or other.

e. Consultation with military or civilian weather forecasters for data on tracks of weather balloons released in the area and any unusual meteorological activity which may have a bearing on the UFO.

f. Consultation with navigators and astronomers in the area to determine whether any astronomical body or phenomenon would account for the sighting.

g. Contact with military and civilian tower operators, air operations units, and airlines to determine whether the sighting could have been an aircraft. Local units of the Federal Aviation Agency (FAA) are often of assistance in this regard.

h. Contact with persons who may know of experimental aircraft of unusual configuration, rocket and guided missile firings, or aerial tests in the area.

i. Contact with photographic units or laboratories. Usually, these installations have several cameras available for specialized intelligence or investigative work. Photography is an invaluable tool for use, where possible, in investigating and analyzing UFO sightings. (See paragraph 18).

j. Whenever possible, selecting as a UFO sighting investigator an individual with a scientific or technical background as well as experience as an investigator.

k. Submission of reports on all sightings even though identification may be assumed by the preparing officer under paragraph 16 of this regulation.

5. Reporting UFO Information. Both the Assistant Chief of Staff, Intelligence, Headquarters USAF, and the Air Defense Command have a direct and immediate interest in the facts pertaining to UFOs reported within the United States. All Air Force activities will conduct UFO investigations to the extent necessary for their required reporting activity should carry an investigation beyond this point, unless the preparing officer believes the magnitude (intelligence significance or public relations aspects) of the case warrant full scale investigation. The officer may contact the FFD of AFSC (Clearwater 3-7111), ext 69216/66378) at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, to obtain verbal authority for continued investigation.

SECTION B—PUBLIC RELATIONS, INFORMATION, CONTACTS, AND RELEASES

6. Maintaining Public Relations. The Office of Information is responsible for:

a. In coordination with the AFSC (FTD) when necessary, maintaining contact with the public and the press on all aspects of the UFO program and its related activities.

b. Releasing information on UFO sightings and results of investigations.

c. Periodically releasing information on this subject to the general public.


- page 37 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AFR 200-2

d. Processing, answering, and taking action on
correspondence received from the general pub-
lic, pertaining to the public relations, interest,
and informational aspects of the subject. (See
paragraph 8.) This office will forward corre-
spondence and queries which are purely techni-
cal and scientific to AFSC (FTD) for informa-
tion on which to base a reply.

7. Releasing Information. The Office of Infor-
mation, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force,
will release to the public or unofficial persons or
organizations all information or releases concern-
ing UFO's, regardless of origin or nature. This
includes replies to correspondence (except con-
gressional inquiries) submitted direct to the
AFSC (FTD) and other Air Force activities by
private individuals regarding comments or re-
sults of analyses and investigations of sightings.

8. Exceptions. In response to local inquiries re-
garding any UFO reported in the vicinity of an
Air Force base, the commander of the base con-
cerned may release information to the press or
the general public only after positive identifica-
tion of the sighting as a familiar or known ob-
ject. The commander must exercise care not to
reveal any classified aspects of the sighting or
names of persons making reports. (See paragraph
17.) If the sig...ing is unexplainable or difficult
to identify, because of insufficient information or
inconsistencies, the only statement to be released
is the fact that the sighting is under investiga-
tion and information regarding it will be avail-
able at a later date. After completion of inves-
tigative action, the commander may release the
fact that the AFSC (FTD) will review and an-
alyze the results of the investigation. He will
then refer any further inquiries to the local Office
of Information.

9. Release by Non-Air Force Sources. If news-
men, writers, publishers or private individuals
desire to release unofficial information concern-
ing a UFO sighting, Air Force activities will
make every effort to assure that the statements,
theories, opinions, and allegations of these indi-
viduals or groups are not associated with or
represented as official information.

10. Contacts. Private individuals or organiza-
tions desiring Air Force interviews, briefings,
letters, or private discussions on UFO's will di-
rect their requests to the Office of Information,
Office of the Secretary of the Air Force. Air Force
personnel, other than those of the Office of In-
formation, will not contact private individuals
on UFO cases, nor will they discuss their oper-
ations and functions with unauthorized persons
unless so directed, and then only on a "need-to-
know" basis.

SECTION C—PREPARING AND
SUBMITTING REPORTS

11. General Information:

a. Paragraphs 2 and 5 will serve as aids and
guidance to screenings, investigations, and re-
portings. Paragraph 14 contains an outline of the
reporting format. Activities initially receiving
reports of aerial objects and phenomena will
screen the information to determine whether the
report concerns a valid UFO within the defini-
tion of paragraph 1b. Reports not within that
definition do not require further action under
the provisions of this regulation.

b. To assist activities and personnel respon-
sible for handling, screening, and processing ini-
tial, incoming UFO information, a summary
follows of the general sources and types of re-
ports:

(1) Generally, initial UFO reports originate
from two sources:

(a) Civilian (airline, private, and pro-
fessional pilots, tower operators, technical per-
sonnel, casual observers, and the public in gen-
eral), by correspondence, telephone or personal
interview;

(b) Military units and personnel (pilots,
observers, radar operators, aircraft control and
warning units, etc.), by telephone, electronic mes-
sage, or personal interview;

(2) Generally, UFO reports received from
civilian sources are of two types:

(a) Those referring strictly to an ob-
served UFO, containing either detailed or meager
information;

(b) Those referring only in part to an
observed UFO, but primarily requesting infor-
mation on some aspect of the UFO program.

c. Reports considered to fall primarily in a
public relations or informational service category
(see paragraphs 7, 8, 9, and 10) above) are of
primary interest to the Office of Information.
UFO data sufficient for investigation and/or
analysis may be extracted before referral to that
office.

12. Methods for Transmitting Reports:

a. Together with any necessary screenings and
investigations preparatory to reporting, report
all information on UFO's promptly. Electrical
transmission with a "Priority" precedence is au-
thorized for reports under 3 days from date of
sighting. Electrically transmitted reports over
3 days old should carry a "Routine" precedence.

b. Submit written reports of sightings over 3
days old on AF Form 112, "Intelligence Report,"

4


- page 38 -

Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK

The United States Air Force has the responsibility under the Department of Defense for the investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The name of this program, which has been in operation since 1948, is Project Blue Book. It has been identified in the past as Project Sign and Project Grudge.

Air Force interest in unidentified flying objects is related directly to the Air Force responsibility for the air defense of the United States. Procedures for conducting this program are established by Air Force Regulation 200-2.

The objectives of Project Blue Book are two-fold: first, to determine whether UFOs pose a threat to the security of the United States; and, second, to determine whether UFOs exhibit any unique scientific information or advanced technology which could contribute to scientific or technical research. In the course of accomplishing these objectives, Project Blue Book strives to identify and explain all UFO sightings reported to the Air Force.

HOW THE PROGRAM IS CONDUCTED

The program is conducted in three phases. The first phase includes receipt of UFO reports and initial investigation of the reports. The Air Force base nearest the location of a reported sighting is charged with the responsibility of investigating the sighting and forwarding the information to the Project Blue Book Office at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio.

If the initial investigation does not reveal a positive identification or explanation, a second phase of more intensive analysis is conducted by the Project Blue Book Office. Each case is objectively and scientifically analyzed, and, if necessary, all of the scientific facilities available to the Air Force can be used to assist in arriving at an identification or explanation. All personnel associated with the investigation, analysis, and evaluation efforts of the project view each report with a scientific approach and an open mind.

The third phase of the program is dissemination of information concerning UFO sightings, evaluations, and statistics. This is accomplished by the Secretary of the Air Force, Office of Information.

The Air Force defines an unidentified flying object as any aerial object which the observer is unable to identify.

Reports of unfamiliar objects in the sky are submitted to the Air Force from many sources. These sources include military and civilian pilots, weather observers, amateur astronomers, business and professional men and women, and housewives, etc.

Frequently such objects as missiles, balloons, birds, kites, searchlights, aircraft navigation and anticollision beacons, jet engine exhaust, condensation trails, astronomical bodies and meteorological phenomena are mistakenly reported as unidentified flying objects.

The Air Force groups its evaluations of UFO reports under three general headings: (1) Identified, (2) insufficient data, and (3) unidentified.

1


- page 39 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 200-2

and AF Form 112A, "Supplement to AF Form 112" (see paragraphs 14 and 15); however, keep the use of these forms to a minimum in reporting initial sightings. The delays often involved in processing and transmitting AF Form 112 through channels may make following investigations difficult, producing only limited usable information. This factor is a necessary consideration. Reporting by electrical means will eliminate delays. If requested by the AFSC (FTD), AF Form 112 will provide a followup and/or complete report of all sightings initially reported electrically.

13. Where To Submit Reports:
a. Electrical Reports. Submit multiple addressed electrical reports to:
(1) Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, Colorado
(2) Nearest Air Division (Defense) (For United States only)
(3) Air Force Systems Command, Foreign Technology Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
(4) Headquarters, USAF (AFOIN), Washington 25 DC
(5) Secretary of the Air Force (SAFO1), Washington 25 DC

b. Written Reports (Basic letters and AF Form 112):
(1) Basic Letters: Submit all letter reports direct to the AFSC (FTD). The AFSC (FTD) will distribute the reports to interested Intelligence activities in the United States and to the Office of Information, if necessary.
(2) AF Form 112: Submit original report, as prescribed in "Intelligence Collection Instruction (ICU)," June 1964—direct to HQ USAF (AFCIN)—Washington 25 DC and a copy to AFSC (FTD).

c. Reports from Civilians. Where possible, advise civilian sources contemplating reporting UFOs to submit the report, for processing and transmission, to the nearest Air Force base.

14. Basic Reporting Data and Format. Show the abbreviation "UFO" at the beginning of the text of all electrical reports and in the subject of written reports. Include the required data in all reports, in the order shown below:

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape.
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: Head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length.
(3) Color.
(4) Number.
(5) Formation, if more than one.
(6) Any discernible features or details.
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s).
(8) Sound; if heard, describe sound.
(9) Other pertinent or unusual features.

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed.
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the North, etc.)
(6) How long (were) the object(s) visible? (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.)

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar.)
(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof.
(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting.
(2) Light conditions. (Use one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk.)

e. Location of Observer(s). Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position. In electrical reports, give also, such as "2mi N of Deeville;" "3mi SW of Blue Lake." Typographical errors or "garbling" often occur in electronically transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

5


- page 40 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 200-2

Example: 89 45N, 192 71W for 39 45N, 102 21W.

1. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
    (1) Civilian—Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.
    (2) Military—Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.

g. Weather and Winds—Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
    (1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions
    (2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 16,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000', if available.
    (3) Ceiling.
    (4) Visibility.
    (5) Amount of cloud cover.
    (6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located.
    (7) Vertical temperature gradient.

h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.
    i. Interception or identification action taken (such action is authorized whenever feasible, and in compliance with existing air defense directives).
        j. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting.
    k. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s). (See paragraph 16.)
    l. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.

15. Negative or Inapplicable Data: Even though the source does not provide, or an interviewer has not asked for specific information, do not use the words "negative" or "unidentified" before exhausting all logical leads to obtain the information outlined under paragraph 14. For example, information on weather conditions in the area, as requested in paragraph 14g, is obtainable from the local military or civilian weather facility. Use the phrase "not applicable (N/A)" only when the question does not apply to the particular sighting under investigation.

16. Comments of Preparing Officer: The preparing officer will make a preliminary analysis and a comment on the possible cause or identity of the object he is reporting, together with a statement supporting his comment and analysis. He will make every effort to obtain pertinent items of information and to test all possible leads, clues, and hypotheses concerning the identity or explanation of the sighting. (See paragraph 17.) The preparing officer who receives the report initially is in a much better position to conduct an "on-the-spot" survey of followup than subsequent investigative personnel and analysts, who may be far removed from the area, and who may arrive too late to obtain vital data or the missing information necessary for firm conclusions.

17. Classification: Do not classify reports unless requested in paragraph 14 require classification. Classify reports primarily to protect:
    a. Names of sources reporting UFO's and other principals involved, if so requested by these persons or considered necessary;
    b. Intelligence, investigative, intercept or analytical methods or procedures;
    c. Location of radar and other classified sites, units, and equipment;
    d. Information on certain types, characteristics, and capabilities of classified aircraft, missiles, or devices that may be involved in the sighting.

18. Reporting Physical Evidence: Report promptly the existence of physical evidence (photographic or material). Mark all physical evidence forwarded to the AFSC (FTD) for the attention of TD-E, Aerial Phenomena Branch.

a. Photographic:
    (1) Still Photographs: Forward the negative and two prints. Title the prints and the negatives, or indicate the place, time, and date of the incident.
    (2) Motion Pictures: Obtain the original film. Examine the film strip for apparent cuts, alterations, obliterations, or defects. In the report comment on any irregularities, particularly those received from other than official sources.
    (3) Supplemental Photographic Information: Negatives and prints often are insufficient to provide certain valid data or to permit firm conclusions. (See AFM 200-9—a classified document receiving limited distribution). Information that will aid in plotting or in estimating distances, apparent size and nature of object, probable velocity, and movements includes:

6


- page 41 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 200-2

(a) Type and make of camera,
(b) Type, focal length, and make of lens,
(c) Brand and type of film,
(d) Shutter speed used,
(e) Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop,
(f) Filters used,
(g) Was tripod or solid stand used,
(h) Was "panning" used,
(i) Exact direction camera was pointing
with relation to true north, and its angle with
respect to the ground.

(4) Other Camera Data. If supplemental
information is obtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, and
the smallest and largest "f" stop and shutterspeed readings of the camera.

(5) Radar. Forward two copies of each stillcamera photograph print. Title radarscope
photographic prints in accordance with AFR

95-7. Classify radarscope photographs in accordance with Section XII, AFR 205-1, 10 June 1960.

NOTE: If possible, develop photographic film
before forwarding. Mark any undeveloped film
conspicuously to indicate this fact, to avoid destruction by exposure during examinations enroute through mail channels to final addresses.

b. Material. Each Air Force echelon receiving
suspected or actual UFO material will safeguard
it in a manner to prevent any defacing or alterations which might reduce its value for intelligence examination and analysis.

c. Photographs, Motion Pictures, and Negatives Submitted by Individuals. Individuals often
submit photographic and motion picture material as part of their UFO reports. All original
material submitted will be returned to the individual after completion of necessary studies,
analyses, and duplication by the Air Force.

By Order of the Secretary of the Air Force:

OFFICIAL:

CURTIS E. LeMAY
Chief of Staff

R. J. PUGH
Colonel, USAF
Director of Administrative Services

7
U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1962


- page 42 -

Here is the text from the document:

CHANGE
AIR FORCE REGULATION
NO. 200-2A

AFR 200-2A
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
Washington, 30 March 1964

Intelligence Activities
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)

AFR 200-2, 20 July 1962, is changed as follows:

3d. Findings. AFSC (FTD) will prepare a final report on each sighting after collection and analysis of data. When final report contains information of significant intelligence value, AFSC (FTD) will forward a copy of the report to HQ USAF (AFNINDE), Wash DC 20330.

3e. Change references to paragraphs "7 and 8" to "6 and 7."

1b. Change "or" to "of."

10. Contacts. Private individuals or organizations desiring Air Force interviews, briefings, lectures, or private discussions on UFOs will be instructed to direct their requests to the Office of Information, Office of the Secretary of the Air Force. Air Force personnel, other than designated investigators (see paragraph 3b) and those of the Office of Information, will not contact private individuals on UFO cases, nor will they discuss their operations and functions with unauthorized persons, unless so directed, and then only on a need-to-know basis.

11a. Change references to paragraphs "2 and 5" to "1 and 4."

11c. Change references to paragraphs "7, 8, 9, and b(2)" to "6, 7, 8, and b(2)(b)."

12b. Submit reports of sightings over 3 days old by letter; however, keep use of letter reports to a minimum in reporting initial sightings. The delays often involved in processing and transmitting correspondence through normal channels may make followup investigations difficult, producing only limited usable information. This factor is a necessary consideration. Reporting by electrical means will eliminate delays. Submit a followup and/or complete report on all sightings initially reported electrically, if so requested by AFSC(FTD).

13a(4). Change "AFCIN" to "AFNIN."

13b. Written Reports. Submit all letter reports (basic letters and followup or complete reports) direct to AFSC (FTD), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, 45433. AFSC (FTD) will distribute the reports to interested intelligence activities in the United States and to the Office of Information, if necessary.

13b(1). Delete.

13b(2). Delete.

16. Change reference to paragraph "5" to "4."

18. Change "TD-E" to "TDEW."

By Order of the Secretary of the Air Force

OFFICIAL
R. J. PUGH
Colonel, USAF
Director of Administrative Services

CURTIS E. LeMAY
Chief of Staff

DISTRIBUTION: S

U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1964


- page 43 -

Here is the text from the document:

[TOP OF DOCUMENT - HEADER]
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

[LETTER DETAILS]
REPLY TO
ATTN OF: AFBSA                                                22 December 1965

SUBJECT: Ad Hoc Committee on Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs)

TO: Members of Committee

1. You are invited to attend a meeting of the USAF Scientific Advisory Board/Ad Hoc Committee on UFOs at the Foreign Technology Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, on 3 February 1966. An agenda is attached (Atch #1).

2. In 1948, the Air Force initiated Project Blue Book whose objectives were twofold: (1) to determine whether UFOs pose a threat to the security of the United States, and (2) to determine whether UFOs exhibit any unique scientific information or advanced technology which could contribute to scientific or technical research. The objectives of the Ad Hoc Committee are to review the resources, methods, and findings of Project Blue Book and to advise the Air Force as to any improvements that should be made in the program in order to carry out the Air Force's original responsibility. Correspondence From the Secretary of the Air Force Information Office relating to this meeting as well as other pertinent documentation is attached for your information. (Atchs 2, 3, and 4).

3. Quarters for attendees will be available at the Wright-Patterson Visiting Officers Quarters. Please let me know at your earliest convenience when you plan to arrive so that transportation can be provided. My phone is Area Code 202 - 697-8845/697-8404.

[SIGNATURE]
HAROLD A. STEINER, Major, USAF
Assistant Secretary
USAF Scientific Advisory Board

[ATTACHMENTS LIST]
Atch
1. Agenda
2. SAFOI Memo 28 Sep 65
3. SAFOI Memo 16 Dec 65
4. Excerpt fr Wall Street Journal 13 Dec 65

Cy to: Dr. Cacciopo

[BOTTOM OF DOCUMENT - FOOTER IS BLACKED OUT]


- page 44 -

AD HOC COMMITTEE ON
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFOs)

MEMBERS

Dr. Brian O'Brien (Chairman)
Dr. Launor F. Carter
Mr. Jesse Orlansky
Dr. Richard Porter
Dr. Carl Sagan
Dr. Willis H. Ware


- page 45 -

AD HOC COMMITTEE ON
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFOs)

AGENDA

Thursday, 3 February 1966

0800       Welcoming Remarks                   Commander or
                                                Vice Commander, FTD

0805       Introduction                         Dr. O'Brien, SAB

0810       Briefing on Project                  Major Quintanilla, FTD
            Blue Book

1000       Break

1015       Review of Selected                   FTD
            Case Histories

1145       Lunch

1315       Executive and Writing
            Session

APPROVED:
[Signature of Harold A. Steiner]
HAROLD A. STEINER, Major, USAF
Assistant Secretary
USAF Scientific Advisory Board

22 December 1965


- page 46 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

MEMORANDUM FOR MILITARY DIRECTOR, SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs)

In keeping with its air defense role, the Air Force has the responsibility for the investigation of unidentified flying objects reported over the United States. The name of this project is Blue Book (Attachment 1). Procedures for conducting this program are established by Air Force Regulation 200-2 (Attachment 2).

The Air Force has conducted Project Blue Book since 1948. As of 30 June 1965, a total of 5267 reports had been investigated by the Air Force. Of these 9267 reports, 663 cannot be explained.

It has been determined by the Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff/ Plans and Operations that Project Blue Book is a worthwhile program which deserves the support of all staff agencies and major commands and that the Air Force should continue to investigate and analyze all UFO reports in order to assure that such objects do not present a threat to our national security. The Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff/Plans and Operations has determined also that the Foreign Technology Division (FTD) at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base should continue to exercise its presently assigned responsibilities concerning UFOs.

To date, the Air Force has found no evidence that any of the UFO reports reflect a threat to our national security. However, many of the reports that cannot be explained have come from intelligent and technically well qualified individuals whose sincerity cannot be doubted. In addition, the reports received officially by the Air Force include only a fraction of the spectacular reports which are published by many private UFO organizations.

Accordingly, it is requested that a working scientific panel composed of both physical and social scientists be organized to review Project Blue Book -- its resources, methods, and findings -- and to advise the Air Force as to any improvements that should be made in the program in order to carry out the Air Force's assigned responsibility.


- page 47 -

Doctor J. Allen Hynek who is the Chairman of the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University is the scientific consultant to Project Blue Book. He has indicated a willingness to work with such a panel in order to place this problem in its proper perspective.

Doctor Hynek has discussed this problem with Doctor Winston Markey, the former Air Force Chief Scientist.

E. B. LeBailly
Major General, USAF
Director of Information

2 Attachments
1. Blue Book Report
2. AFR 200-2

2


- page 48 -

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

by Carl Sagan

Department of Astronomy, Harvard University;
and Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory,
Cambridge, Massachusetts

Copyright 1963 by The Encyclopedia Americana
Reprinted for private circulation


- page 49 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Identified reports are those for which sufficient specific information has been accumulated and evaluated to permit a positive identification or explanation of the object.

Reports categorized as Insufficient Data are those for which one or more elements of information essential for evaluation are missing. Some examples are the omission of the duration of the sighting, date, time, location, position in the sky, weather conditions, and the manner of appearance or disappearance. If an element is missing and there is an indication that the sighting may be of a security, scientific, technical, or public interest value, the Project Blue Book Office conducts an additional investigation and every attempt is made to obtain the information necessary for identification. However, in some instances, essential information cannot be obtained, and no further action can be taken.

The third and by far the smallest group of evaluations is categorized as Unidentified. A sighting is considered unidentified when a report apparently contains all pertinent data necessary to suggest a valid hypothesis concerning the cause or explanation of the report but the description of the object or its motion cannot be correlated with any known object or phenomena.

TYPES OF UFO IDENTIFICATIONS AND EVALUATIONS

There are various types of UFO sightings. Most common are reports of astronomical sightings, which include bright stars, planets, comets, fireballs, meteors, auroral streamers, and other celestial bodies. When observed through haze, light fog, moving clouds, or other obscurations or unusual conditions, the planets, including Venus, Jupiter, and Mars have been reported as unidentified flying objects. Stellar mirages are also a source of reports.

Satellites are another major source of UFO reports. An increase in satellites reported as UFOs has come about because of two factors. The first is the increase of interest on the part of the public; the second is the increasingly number of satellites in the skies. Positive knowledge of the location of all satellites at all times enables rapid identification of satellite sightings. Keeping track of man-made objects in orbit about the earth is the responsibility of the North American Air Defense Command Space Detection and Tracking System. This sophisticated electronic system gathers complex space traffic data instantly from tracking stations all over the world.

Other space surveillance activities include the use of ballistic tracking and large telescopic cameras. ECHO schedules are prepared by the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center at Greenbelt, Maryland, and schedules of the North/North crossings are prepared by the Smithsonian Institution at Cambridge, Massachusetts. From the data produced by these agencies, satellites mistakenly reported as UFOs can be quickly identified. Some of these are visible to the naked eye.

Aircraft account for another major source of UFO reports, particularly during adverse weather conditions. When observed at high altitudes and at some distance, aircraft can have appearances ranging from disc to rocket shapes due to the reflection of the sun on their bright surfaces. Vapor or condensation trails from jet aircraft will sometimes appear to glow fiery red or orange when reflecting sunlight. Afterburners from jet aircraft are often reported as UFOs since they can be seen from great distances when the aircraft cannot be seen.

The Project Blue Book Office has direct contact with all elements of the Air Force and the Federal Aviation Agency civil air control centers. All aerial refueling operations and special training flights can be checked immediately. Air traffic of commercial airlines and flights of military aircraft are checked with the nearest control center, enabling an immediate evaluation of aircraft mistakenly reported as UFOs. However, since many local flights are not carried, these flights are probable causes of some reports.

Page 2


- page 50 -

Unidentified Flying Objects: a generic term for atmospheric phenomena, detected visually or by radar, of a nature not immediately understood. The principal interest in these objects stems from the speculation that some of them are of intelligent extraterrestrial origin, and from the psychological insights into contemporary human problems which this interpretation provides.

Current popular interest in unidentified flying objects began on June 24, 1947, when a set of rapidly-moving, glistening objects were observed from the air in daytime, near Mt. Rainier, Washington, by Kenneth Arnold, a Seattle resident, who dubbed them "flying saucers." The sighting received extensive publicity, and somewhat similar sightings have been reported ever since. The diversity of these observations, however, is as striking as the observations themselves. Unidentified flying objects (or UFOs) have been described variously as rapidly-moving or hovering; disc-shaped, cigar-shaped, or ball-shaped; moving silently, or noisily; with a fiery exhaust, or with no exhaust whatever; accompanied by flashing lights, or uniformly glowing with a silvery cast. A simple listing of the observations suggests that all UFOs do not share a common origin. In-


- page 51 -

Here is the text from the document:

- 2 -

deed, the use of generic terms such as "UFOs" or "flying saucers" has served to confuse the issue by the implication of common origin.

Because of its air defense responsibility, the United States Air Force has undertaken to investigate all reports of unidentified flying objects over the United States. The number of sightings reported and investigated between 1947 and 1960 is shown in the accompanying Table.

Evaluation of these reports is difficult. The observations are frequently fragmentary, and reports by different observers of the same phenomenon are often dissimilar, or even irreconcilable. There is an understandable tendency for the observer to exaggerate the spectacular aspects of his observations. In many instances, statements are made concerning distance, size, and velocity which are without foundation. A small object, close by, may appear larger than a large object far away. Also, many deliberate hoaxes have been perpetrated (for example, involving double-exposure photography). After allowances are made for these possibly confusing factors, the accepted scientific procedure is to attempt an explanation of the observations in terms of natural phenomena. Only if an observation is not readily explicable in terms of known phenomena does the scientist


- page 52 -

Here is the text from the document:

- 3 -

introduce, ad hoc, another phenomenon in explanation.

Confirmed identifications of UFOs have been made with the following: unconventional aircraft; aircraft under uncommon weather conditions; aircraft with unusual external light patterns; meteorological and other high-altitude balloons; artificial earth satellites; flocks of birds; reflections of searchlights or headlights off clouds; reflection of sunlight from shiny surfaces; luminescent organisms, including one case of a firefly lodged between two adjacent panes of glass in an airplane cockpit window; optical mirages and looming; lenticular cloud formations; ball lightning; sundogs; meteors, including the rare green fireballs; planets, especially Venus; bright stars; and the Aurora Borealis.

Radar detection of unidentified flying objects has also occurred occasionally. Many of these sightings have been explained in terms of radar reflection off temperature inversion layers in the atmosphere, and other sources of radar "angels."

Considering the difficulties in tracing out the visual and radar sightings, it is remarkable that all but about 1% of the reported UFOs have been identified as naturally-occurring -- if sometimes unusual -- phenomena. In October, 1957, Sputnik I, the first earth-orbiting artificial satellite, was launched. Of the 1,178 sightings in that year, 701 occurred between October and December. There is a clear


- page 53 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 4 -

implication that Sputnik and its attendant publicity was
responsible for many "UFO" sightings.

In July, 1952, a set of visual and radar observations
of unidentified flying objects over Washington, D. C. caused
some public hysteria. Government concern was reflected in
the establishment, by the Office of Scientific Intelligence
of the Central Intelligence Agency, in November, 1952, of a
special panel chaired by Professor H. P. Robertson, of the
California Institute of Technology, to evaluate these re-
ports. The Robertson panel thoroughly investigated the UFO
reports to that date, and concluded that all were very
probably natural phenomena, erroneously interpreted.

There have been strange objects seen in the sky ever
since men first looked upwards. But the testimony of
greatest reliability should be that of the professional
astronomer. Professor J. L. Greenstein, of Mt. Wilson and
Palomar Observatories, California Institute of Technology,
has pointed out that a vehicle 100 feet in diameter, at an
altitude of 50 miles, would leave a broad track on photo-
graphic plates taken of the sky with large telescopes, a
track easily distinguishable from those of ordinary astro-
nomical objects such as stars, meteors, and comets. Never-
theless, the 5,000 plates of the Palomar Sky Survey and
some half-million wide-angle, fast-lens photographs taken


- page 54 -

Here is the text from the document:

- 5 -

at Harvard College Observatory have never indicated the
existence of any such object.

Repeated sightings of UFOs, and the persistence of the
Air Force and the responsible scientific community in ex-
plaining the sightings away, has suggested to some that a
conspiracy exists to conceal from the public the true nature
of the UFOs. Might not at least a small fraction of the
residual 1% of the sightings be space vehicles of intelli-
gent extraterrestrial origin, observing the Earth and its
inhabitants? Let us examine this possibility.

It now seems quite clear that the Earth is not the
only inhabited planet. There is evidence that the bulk of
the stars in the sky have planetary systems. Recent re-
search concerning the origin of life on Earth suggests that
the physical and chemical processes leading to the origin
of life occur rapidly in the early history of the majority
of planets. The selective value of intelligence and tech-
nical civilization is obvious, and it seems likely that a
large number of planets within our Milky Way galaxy --
perhaps as many as a million -- are inhabited by technical
civilizations in advance of our own. Interstellar space-
flight is far beyond our present technical capabilities,
but there seem to be no fundamental physical objections to


- page 55 -

Here is the text from the document:

- 6 -

it, and it would be very rash indeed to preclude, from our present vantage point, the possibility of its development by other civilizations. If each of, say, a million advanced technical civilizations in our galaxy launched an inter-stellar spacecraft per year (and even for an advanced civilization, the launching of an interstellar space vehicle will not be a trivial undertaking), and even if all stars in the galaxy can be explored with equal facility, then our solar system should, on the average, be visited only once every hundred thousand years.

UFO enthusiasts have sometimes castigated the skeptic for anthropocentrism. Actually, the view that the Earth is daily visited by interstellar spacecraft is far more anthropocentric. If even a small fraction of the residual UFOs are interstellar spacecraft, this would imply an overriding significance to our small planet; as if all the professional anthropologists in the world converged on one of the Andaman Islands because the fishnet had recently been invented there. Anthropologists have other interests. Only a few specialize in the cultures of the Andaman Islands. If our views on the frequency of intelligence in the galaxy are correct, there is no reason for the Earth to be singled out for interstellar visits. A somewhat greater frequency of visits


- page 56 -

Here is the text from the document:

- 7 -

could be expected if there were another intelligent civil-
ization within our own solar system, but at the present
time there is no evidence for the existence of such a civil-
ization on Mars or on any other nearby planet.

Related to the UFO report is the contact tale, a con-
temporary report of the landing of an extraterrestrial space
vehicle on Earth. Unlike the UFO descriptions, these tales
display a striking uniformity. The extraterrestrials are
described as humanoid, differing from us only in some small
characteristic such as teeth, speech, or dress. The aliens
-- so the "contactees" report -- have been observing Earth
and its inhabitants for many years, and express concern at
"the present grave political situation." They are fearful
that, left to our own devices, we will destroy our civil-
ization. The contactee is then selected as their "chosen
intermediary" with the governments and inhabitants of Earth
(The contactee's qualifications for this position are not
always evident.). He is taken on voyages in the spacecraft,
sometimes to the visitors' home planets, but somehow the
promised political or social intervention never materializes.

C. G. Jung has pointed out that the frequency and per-
sistence of these contact tales -- not one of which has been
confirmed by the slightest objective evidence -- must be of


- page 57 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

- 8 -

substantial psychological significance. What need is ful-
filled by a belief that unidentified flying objects are of
extraterrestrial origin? It is noteworthy that in the con-
tact tales, the spacecraft and their crews are never reported
to be hostile. It would be very satisfying if a race of
advanced and benign creatures were devoted to our welfare.

The interest in unidentified flying objects derives, per-
haps, not so much from scientific curiosity as from unful-
filled religious needs. Flying saucers serve, for some, to
replace the gods that science -- for good or otherwise --
has deposed. The old mythological frameworks have evapor-
ated, but, with their reports of distant and exotic worlds
and their pseudo-scientific overlay, the contact accounts
are acceptable to many people. These tales, and their at-
tendant ritual, comprise one of the few viable contemporary
cult movements of more than passing interest and local
relevance. But precisely because people desire so intensely
that unidentified flying objects be of benign, intelligent,
and extraterrestrial origin, honesty requires that, in
evaluating the observations, we accept only the most rigor-
ous logic and the most convincing evidence.


- page 58 -

- 9 -

YEAR    NUMBER OF             YEAR    NUMBER OF
         REPORTED SIGHTINGS*           REPORTED SIGHTINGS

1947    79                   1954    429
1948    143                  1955    404
1949    186                  1956    778
1950    169                  1957    1,178
1951    121                  1958    473
1952    1,501                1959    364
1953    425                  1960    173

* Tabulated by Tucker, 1960.

REFERENCES:

1. E. J. Ruppelt, "The Report on Unidentified Flying
   Objects" (Doubleday: New York, 1956).

2. C. G. Jung, "Flying Saucers: A Modern Myth of Things
   Seen in the Skies" (Harcourt Brace and Company: New
   York, 1959).

3. Lt. Col. L. J. Tucker, "Flying Saucers and the U.S.
   Air Force" (D. Van Nostrand Company: Princeton, 1960).

4. D. H. Menzel and L. G. Boyd, "The World of Flying
   Saucers: A Scientific Examination of a Major Myth of
   the Space Age" (Doubleday: New York, 1963).


- page 59 -

AIRCRAFT

Aircraft evaluations are made on the basis of description and flight characteristics. In the majority of reports attributable to aircraft no object is observed and the evaluation is made primarily on the time-motion sequence. The lighting and visual characteristics as well as the time motion sequence may differ with the type of aircraft and/or its mission. Local military installations are contacted for flights or military aircraft operating in the area of a sighting. ACIC provides the section with maps showing low and high level air corridors and flight restricted areas. They also publish the "Flight Planning Guide" which lists all refueling areas and their control agency. Special low-level military training areas included in this publication and a map showing the routes is distributed periodically. ASD provides support on aircraft lighting configurations and the 17th Bomb Wing provides the project with local schedules. The 922 Air Refueling Squadron at WAFB provides information of visual characteristics of night refueling operations. SAC recently photographed a refueling mission so that the visual characteristics of a refueling operation might be observed by analysis personnel. Civilian and military agencies known to be engaged in night photography are contacted in cases of suspected photographic missions. No case is evaluated as an A/C if the reported maneuvers are not consistent with aircraft flight.

CONVENTIONAL

a) Regular scheduled airliners - Fly in air corridors, and are usually controlled by FAA. Lighting will probably be typical red and green wing lights with rotating beacon (Grimes). These A/C use landing lights on takeoff as well as while in landing pattern. Visual characteristics may include period of time reported as hovering or stationary if the aircraft is in a turn or approaching the observer. Total duration should be consistent with flight maneuvers. Not likely that duration will exceed 5 minutes unless some series of maneuvers is being performed. Most often reported at night and reported as single light (landing light blots out the red and green flashing lights). Lighting configuration are not necessarily standard. Experiential and unusual lighting effects can vary with the lighting configuration of each aircraft. (See attached letters from FAA and ARMCO.) Color most often reported as white, can be red. Those objects in straight flight at altitude can be checked against local flight corridors. FAA can be checked if there is some doubt that the local object is an aircraft or if positive identification as to a specific flight is required. May or may not have sound associated with the report. If near an airport, this type of object is not regarded as a UFO since moving lights in and around airports which could be caused by aircraft are regarded as aircraft (definition included in AFR 200-2).


- page 60 -

Balloons continue to be reported as UFOs. Several thousand balloons are released each day from military and civilian airports, weather stations, and research activities. There are several types of balloons - weather balloons, radiosonde, radiosondes, and the large research balloons which have diameters up to 300 feet. At night, balloons carry running lights which cause an unusual appearance when observed. Reflection of the sun on balloons at dawn and sunset sometimes produce strange effects. This usually occurs when the balloon, because of its altitudes, is exposed to the sun. Large balloons can move at speeds of over 100 miles per hour when moving in high altitude jet windstreams.

These balloons sometimes appear to be flattened on top. At other times, they appear to be saucer-shaped and to have light mounted inside the tag itself due to the sun's rays reflecting through the material of the balloon. The Balloon Control Center at Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico, maintains a plot on all Military Upper Air Research Balloons.

Another category of UFO evaluations labeled Other includes missiles, reflections, mirages, searchlights, birds, kites, spurious radar indications, hoaxes, fireworks, and flares.

Aircraft, satellites, balloons, and the like should NOT be reported since they do not fall within the definition of an unidentified flying object.

3


- page 61 -

b) Private or non-scheduled flights - Same characteristics as conventional airliner. Speeds of light aircraft may be slower and the duration longer. Usually at lower altitude. Sound will not be heard if the wind is blowing away from the observer. Duration should not exceed 7 or 8 minutes unless maneuvers can account for additional time period. Normal flight is VFR from some local airport. Not carried on RADAR plots through FAA. Hardest type to check for positive identification. Evaluation made on flight characteristics consistent with A/C.

JET AIRCRAFT

Visual characteristics depend upon the type of mission:
a) Airliner and high altitude missions are similar to conventional flights in visual characteristics with the following exceptions: (1) The color is most often reported as red. (2) No sound is associated with the object. (3) Flight is usually straight or with one turn. Duration is about 3-5 minutes depending upon the degree of arc through which the object passes. The FAA has designated airways along which these flights are flown.

b) Special low level missions (military) - Mission flown at 2,000 ft. in known air corridors. Sighting is usually brief (one minute or less). Description will consist of an object which may appear to be hovering if the approach is directly toward the observer. May include a sudden burst of speed. No sound if wind is away from observer. More than one flight may be observed but object is usually reported as a single light. Flights are at night. These aircraft are not misinterpreted during the day since wings, tail, and/or other features can be noted. (Sample route attached)

c) Special tests or training missions - Characteristics will depend on the number of A/C formation, type of A/C, etc. Can vary from a single A/C to multiple flights on major air operations. These flights can be determined by contact with local, regional, or major air commands.

d) Jet with afterburner - Afterburner operation viewed from the side may give the appearance of a short flame. Color usually reported as blue, shape tapering. If afterburner is cut off object may be reported as disappearing completely by just vanishing or the witness may believe that the object zoomed off into space. Duration usually brief. Object frequently in a climb. As viewed from the rear as the object is going away from the observer the color reported may be red or orange with some yellow and shape will not be accrued to the object. Again disappearance may be sudden. If at high altitude may be reported as a light only, and characteristic same as for other A/C except that motion is faster.


- page 62 -

REFUELING MISSIONS

Differ from other missions in that lights on the tanker and multiple A/C
engaged in the operation add visual characteristics not normally associated
with aircraft flight. Reports are night time only since daylight operations can be recognized by the observer. May be both low and high altitude.
Refueling missions involve multiple lights moving around, in formation,
going on and off, etc. Flight of the basic light formation will be straight
until the end of a specific run, then 180 degree turns can be made. Duration
in an area may run as high as 15 minutes but each observed single pass
should not run more than 4-5 minutes. Lights may appear going one way then
appear on their return path at a later time. Operations are controlled
and refueling is conducted in specific areas. ACIC planning guide contains
the location of these areas and the agency to contact for use of the specific
area. Phone calls to the controller of the area will provide information as
to whether the area was in use or not. SAC at Offutt Air Force Base maintains refueling schedules for all areas used during a specific month, but
these are destroyed on the first day of each month and new schedules maintained. Old records must be obtained from the squadron flying specific
mission. The controller can tell which missions were flown, when, and by
whom. Specific time of entry and exit must be obtained from the squadron
flying the mission. The best procedure is to contact the controller and if
the area was in use then contact the squadron for the number and type of A/C
flown and their entry and exit times.

PHOTO AIRCRAFT

a) A/C using flare drops--More often reported as flares rather than A/C
engaged in photo work.

b) A/C using strobes for illuminating the target. Can be low level or high
altitude missions. Only the strobe light is visible and the A/C is reported
as a series of evenly spaced flashes. Duration of these sightings usually
less than two minutes, more frequently 30 seconds.

c) Infra Red--These aircraft are specially equipped with turbine generators
to drive the equipment. The generator makes a noise similar to a whine and
can be heard above the noise of the aircraft. Many are on classified projects
and the agencies doing this work are limited. The A/C utilized are relatively
slow (less than 125 mph). Much of the work is done early in the morning and
landing lights are used because of the low altitudes flown. The A/C will be
low, sound will be associated with the object and the landing light should
be observed. No portion of the infra red equipment will be observed.


- page 63 -

ADVERTISING AIRCRAFT

Fall basically into two types:
a) Those towing targets or banners of some sort visible during daylight hours. Those are not usually misinterpreted unless the aircraft remains at a range sufficient for the observer to see only outlines and not details of the plane and sign being toned. Frequently reports are accompanied by drawings with the towed banner as a part of the object itself. Duration is longer than usual A/C sightings and flight generally marked by maneuvers. Frequently loud speakers are utilized but when heard the A/C should be within range for identification as a known object. Local investigators can check for these aircraft since FAA regulations require that a permit be obtained for those flights

b) Electrical lighted signs - Same essential characteristics except that normally viewed at night. On occasion these signs have been regarded as windows of a much larger craft. Flights again are relatively slow and maneuvering back and forth in one area is characteristic of the flight. An aircraft usually operates in an area for more than one day and can be viewed on successive nights, weather permitting.

HELICOPTERS

Motion slow. Flight may or may not include hovering. Should be far enough away from the observer that positive identification cannot be made during the day. May be reported as a black speck moving back and forth, up and down, etc. During the night weird effects can be obtained from the red rotating beacon flashing through the canopy. Again motion will be erratic if the flight includes hovering. Positive identification usually simple to obtain by checking the flight schedules of military and civilian helios in the area.


- page 64 -

The page appears to be blank with only three hole punches visible on the left side of the document. There is a vertical label on the right side of the page that appears to read "UNIDENTIFIED" but the text is not completely clear. No other text is present on this page.


- page 65 -

A sighting is considered unidentified when a report apparently contains all pertinent data necessary to suggest a valid hypothesis concerning the cause or explanation of the report but the description of the object or its motion cannot be correlated with any known object or phenomena.


- page 66 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[The text appears to be a detailed table/log with columns including observations, direction, movement, and various other descriptive fields. Some key column headers include:

- LOCATION
- DIRECTION
- MOVEMENT
- SIGHTING
- DURATION
- COMMENTS

The table contains multiple rows with entries about various observations, with columns filled with data like "YES", "NO", "WEST", "UP", etc. The rightmost column contains longer descriptive comments about each observation.

Some sample comments include:
- "OBSERVED CONTROLLED COURSE & SUDDEN CLEAR DISAPPEARANCE"
- "NO SOUND, NO TRAIL, NO GLOW, RETARDABILITY"
- "POSSIBLE LIGHTS MOVING ERRATICALLY"

The document appears to be a standardized UFO sighting report log or tracking sheet from what seems to be a Project Blue Book era document.]


- page 67 -

Here is the text from the document:

1965                                                                  RPT FEB 66

[The document appears to be a tabular report with columns for various data points, including:
- Incident Number
- Date
- Location
- Observations
- Observers
- Duration
- Reporting Location
- Investigating Location
- Number of Pages

The table contains multiple rows of entries, with details about various incidents, including occupations of observers such as:
- Students
- Housewives
- Police
- Unemployed
- Doctor of Physical Chemistry
- Various other occupations

The document is dated 1965, with a report generated in February 1966, and seems to be a summary or log of UFO-related incidents.]


- page 68 -

Here is the text from the document:

CLOUD
COVER

CONDITION OF
OBSERVER

OBSC

DURATION
OF
OBSERVATION

WEATHER DATA
TEMP
CLEAR
VIS JOG

WIND
NOT
SCALED

REMARKS

NONE

NONE

CLOSE

SEVERAL
SECONDS

CLEAR
VIS JOG

NO

FLIGHT
LEVEL

NONE

OVER WEST
O INCHES

CLOSE
1,200 FT

2
MINUTES

F-10
SECONDS

HAZY
BLUE SKY

NOT
SCALED

OVER
CALIF

NONE

OVER WEST
4 INCHES

CLOSE
1,200 FT

1
MINUTES

CLEAR
OFFICE

NOT
SCALED

OVER
CALIF

NONE

ONE

CLOSE

HESS NEAR CHILE
1 MINUTE CHANGE

NOT
SCALED

WASHINGTON
BEACH

NONE

ONE

GREAT (?)

10-15
SECONDS

CLEAR
STATEY

NOT
SCALED

OVAL

NONE

ONE

(?)

12
SECONDS

CLEAR
STATEY

NOT
SCALED

OVER
THIN

TELESCOPES

ONE

GREAT

15-17
SECONDS

CONTINUE
VISUAL
& THE HEFT
GROUND

NOT
SCALED

SOUTH

NONE

ONE

CLOSE

4-5
MINUTES

NOT
REPORTED

NOT
SCALED

EARTH

NONE

MULTIPLIED

CLOSE

4 HOURS

CLEAR

YES

ROUND

NONE

ONE

CLOSE

4-10
MINUTES

CLEAR

SURFACE
8,000
10,500
NOT
SCALED

ROUND

NONE

TWO(?)

N/S
DEFENSE

1 MINUTE

HAZY
CLEAR

UNLIMITED
VISIBILITY

5,000
10,000

ROUND

NONE

ONE

HESS NEAR WEST
NEAR ANGLE

CLEAR

NOT
SCALED

LIGHT


- page 69 -

The only text I can see on this page is "PRISCILL SPECIMANS" on the side tab of the document. The rest of the page appears to be blank white with three hole punches on the left side.


- page 70 -

The image appears to be a blank or nearly blank document page. The only legible text is on the right side margin, which reads "PHYSICAL EVIDENCE" vertically. The page has some hole punches on the left side and appears to be a scanned black and white document with a slightly grainy texture.


- page 71 -

CONCLUSIONS

To date, the firm conclusions of Project Blue Book are: (1) no unidentified flying object reported, investigated, and evaluated by the Air Force has ever given any indication of threat to our national security; (2) there has been no evidence submitted to or discovered by the Air Force that sightings categorized as unidentified represent technological developments or principles beyond the range of present day scientific knowledge; and (3) there has been no evidence indicating that sightings categorized as unidentified are extraterrestrial vehicles.

The Air Force will continue to investigate all reports of unusual aerial phenomena over the United States. The services of qualified scientists and technicians will continue to be used to investigate and analyze these reports, and periodic reports on the subject will be made.

The former Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, Mr. Carl Vinson, recently commented on the conduct of the UFO program by the Air Force and stated that Congressional hearings on this subject are unnecessary.

The Air Force does not deny the possibility that some form of life may exist on other planets in the universe. However, to date, the Air Force has neither received nor discovered any evidence which proves the existence and intra-space mobility of extraterrestrial life. The Air Force continues to extend an open invitation to anyone who feels that he possesses any evidence of extraterrestrial vehicles operating within the earth's near space envelope to submit his evidence for analysis. Initial contact for this purpose is through the following address:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK INFORMATION OFFICE
SAFOI
WASHINGTON, D C 20330

Anyone observing what he considers to be an unidentified flying object should report it to the nearest Air Force Base. Persons submitting a UFO report to the Air Force are free to discuss any aspect of the report with anyone. The Air Force does not seek to limit discussion on such reports and does not withhold or censor any information pertaining to this unclassified program.

4


- page 72 -

THE FOLLOWING PHYSICAL SPECIMENS WERE SUBMITTED FOR ANALYSIS OR IDENTIFICATION
IN CONNECTION WITH THE UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS PROJECT DURING THE YEAR 1965.

# IN# DATE LOCATION INVESTIGATION ANALYSIS DISPOSITION EVALUATION

57 6 Feb. Liberty, Ohio Local Air Force Materials Lab Return to Source Metal Ball (Not Foreign)

82 3/02 Brooksville, Fla Local Institute of Paper Chem Return to Source Paper (Lens/Stencil Tissue)

86 3/04 Corvallis, Ore Local Air Force Materials Lab (Dirt Sample) Oil in Dirt (Not Foreign)

190 5/25 Thailand Local Allegheny Ballistics Lab To Manufacturer Scout Rocket

558 8/19 Cherry Creek, NY Local Local Analysis (Dirt Sample) 3-1 Oil and Gentian-
Violet/Vio-Stringent

598 8/24 Fayetteville, Ark Local Local Analysis In File Plastic Frag (Garment)

732 9/27 Reno, Penna WPAFB WPAFB (Section Analysis) In File Gourd (Plant)

776 10/19 Vero Beach, Fla. WPAFB WPAFB (Section Analysis) Returned to Source Balloon (Cape Kennedy)

777 10/20 Snow Hill, Md Local Local/WPAFB/USAF Returned to Project Balloon (Wallops Island)

INFO 10/21 Greece Air Attaché None Sent to Manufacturer Instrument Package


- page 73 -

TAB    CASE            ITEM

A     Liberty, Ohio      Metal Ball (Not Foreign)
B     Brooksville, Fla   Paper (Lens/Stencil Tissue)
C     Corvallis, Ore     Oil in Dirt (Not Foreign)
D     Thailand           Scout Rocket
E     Cherry Creek, NY   3-1 Oil and Gentian Violet/Vio-Stringent
F     Fayetteville, Ark  Plastic Bags (Garment)
G     Reno, Penna        Gourd (Plant)
H     Vero Beach, Fla    Balloon (Cape Kennedy)
I     Snow Hill, Mi      Balloon (Wallops Island)
J     Greece             Instrument Package


- page 74 -

The page appears to be completely blank except for two hole punches at the top of the page and an "A" label in the top right corner. No text is visible on this page.


- page 75 -

HQ (AFCIN)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
2 August 1966

Mr. James Cannon
5105 Terrier Road
New Lebanon, Ohio

Dear Sir,

The sphere that was submitted to the Air Force at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio was tested at the Air Force Materials Laboratory, Miles no scientific identification of the object was made, tests confirmed that the object was of American origin and did not exhibit evidence of space residence. The sphere is being returned to you under separate cover.

To recognize your patriotic duty as an American citizen in submitting this object to the Air Force for analysis.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr.
Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 76 -

AIR FORCE MATERIALS LABORATORY
RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: MAAE (W. P. Contrardy)

SUBJECT: Analysis of Metallic Sphere

TO: TDEW (Sgt Moody)

1. On 17 Feb 1965 Sgt Moody of the FTD delivered a metallic sphere to the Materials Engineering Branch for analysis. Examination of the sphere disclosed the following:

a. Consists of two hemispheres held together with 4 set-screws.

b. Approximately 9" in diameter (OD).

c. Weighs 23.99 pounds.

d. Wall thickness approximately 1".

e. Density is such that it would readily sink in water.

f. Sphere is an aluminum (195 casting alloy) casting that has been rough machined at both ends at the equator. External finish was a black paint. Set screws are steel, 1/4 diameter, 28 threads per inch with Allen wrench head fitting, recognized as Standard American. Steel alloy is of the 4100 series type.

g. This container was apparently designed for compressive type loads. The design is such that it would not be suitable for internal gas pressures because of the relatively weak method of closure.

h. There are no external connections, hooks, eyes, entry ports or markings other than the machining tool marks.

i. There is evidence that a gasket had been used at the closure flange although no gasket material remained.

MATERIALS, THE KEY TO AEROSPACE PROGRESS


- page 77 -

j. Internal surfaces are severely corroded, indicating a more corrosive environment internally. The lack of corrosion on the outside (even though paint was in poor condition) is indicative that the sphere had not been in a corrosive environment for very long. Analysis of the corrosion products did not provide any clue to the possible contents.

k. A survey for residual alpha, beta or gamma radiation was negative.

2. Discussion.

We have not been able to establish the intended use of this device. The following possible applications were considered but not confirmed.

a. Waste disposal container for radioactive materials. The design is such that it would sink readily if dumped at sea, and could take very high external pressures. However it would not be an efficient container from a payload point of view since only half (one hemisphere) could be loaded because of the method of closure. Discussions with the Mound Laboratory indicated that this was not comparable to any radioactive waste containers they are familiar with.

b. Protective shell for instrumentation exposed to shock wave and blast, for example from nuclear blast. Some years ago the University of Dayton Research Institute manufactured containers something like the one now under consideration, in support of atomic tests in Nevada. However the project engineer on that program examined the sphere where we now have and he discounted it as being one of the type used by them.

c. Deep submersible test device. Not a likely application since there are no external connections for anything.

3. The sphere is available for pick up if you so desire. No additional tests are contemplated without further instruction from your office.

W. P. CONARDY
W. P. CONARDY, Chief
Materials Engineering Branch
Materials Applications Div

1 Atch
Photos (2)


- page 78 -

There is no readable text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and a "B" label in the top right corner. The page is a black and white scanned document with no visible text or content.


- page 79 -

AIR FORCE STATEMENT ON BROOKSVILLE, FLORIDA, UFO SIGHTING, 2 MARCH 1965

The alleged landing of a vehicle from outer space at Brooksville, Florida, on 2 March 1965, was apparently a hoax according to information obtained by Air Force investigators from MacDill AFB, Florida, and Dr. C. W. Bemiss, Pan American Airways technical staff member of the Eastern Test Range, who conducted an additional investigation. The report submitted to the Air Force investigators by the alleged eyewitness contained several statements which cannot be confirmed as facts. The spacecraft allegedly took off straight up at 5000 miles per hour and was out of sight in ten seconds. It is extremely doubtful that a twenty to thirty-foot object could have been seen for more than five seconds at which time the object would have reached an altitude of 36,430 feet. The blast-off from a vehicle taking off at this speed would have disturbed the sand and soil in the immediate area. There was no evidence of any abnormal disturbance in the area. The sketch of the alleged spacecraft showed four stilt poles as the landing gear. These poles protruded from the spacecraft at an angle. The holes which were purportedly caused by the landing gear were straight and appeared to have been scooped or dug as opposed to indentations caused by an object of any sizeable weight. There was no radioactivity in the area. Two papers which contained unreadable hieroglyphics were reportedly dropped by an occupant of the spacecraft.

An analysis was made of these papers by the Institute of Paper Chemistry in Appleton, Wisconsin. This analysis indicated that the paper is composed of fibers which are common worldwide. The fiber composition corresponds to that used in lens and stencil papers. The hieroglyphics on one of the papers was deciphered by means of simple substitution and was determined to be the work of an amateur. The deciphered hieroglyphics


- page 80 -

reads as follows: "Planet Mars - Are you coming home soon - We miss you very much - Why did you stay away too long". Since no other implications were apparent, it was not feasible for the Air Force to expend further time and money in deciphering the second sheet. Based on the above, it is the opinion of the Air Force that an attempt was made to perpetrate a hoax.


- page 81 -

Here is the text from the document:

I Stared Peck...

Man Recounts Run-In
With 'Saucer, Robot'
BROOKSVILLE (JP) — "It made a whistling noise and went straight up at 5,000 miles an hour or even faster," retired longshoreman John F. Reeves said yesterday in describing a flying saucer he claims to have stumbled onto while on a walk in the woods near here.

Reeves, who admits to being "past 60," told a story Wednesday of coming into the "flying saucer" in the woods between here and Weeki Wachee on Tuesday afternoon and of a robot-type creature that appeared to take his picture.

REEVES, WHO LIVES ALONE at a trailer park west of here, told of breaking through some bushes about a mile and three-quarters off Highway 50 at mid-afternoon and seeing the flying saucer about 700 yards away.

He said he worked his way to within about 100 feet of the object when the robot-type creature appeared and walked toward him, stopping less than 15 feet away.

Reeves said the robot wore a gray canvas-type suit with a glass dome helmet. He described it as being about 5-feet tall and stocky.

"He walked over to within 15 feet of me and looked right at me," Reeves said. "It stared back at his glass dome." He described the creature as appearing to have dark tan flesh, and added that everything except the face was covered. He said it had eyes farther apart than a normal human's and had a more pointed chin.

"IT DIDN'T MAKE A SOUND, it just stared at me," he said.

"I couldn't even blink an eye. I was so scared."

Reeves said the creature then lifted what he believes to have been a camera to chin level, pointed it at him and it flashed.

"He flashed again and I took off from the bushes," Reeves said the creature flashed a third time and then returned and entered the machine. He said the thing that flashed was black and about six to seven inches in diameter.

The flying saucer was described as 20 to 30 feet in diameter and six feet high and stood on a four-legged landing gear.

"It was bluish-green and reddish-purple in color with two windows on top," Reeves said.

Reeves said he saw only one robot and it dropped two pieces of cloth-like paper as it headed back to the saucer. Reeves said he retrieved the papers and they had "very queer writing" on them.

"THEY WERE FROM OUTER SPACE," he said.

He said that after the robot exited the machine, some blades on the rim started to move like venetian blinds, working open and shut.

"Then the rim started going around counterclockwise," Reeves said. "It made a whistling and rumbling noise and then started straight up. It was out of sight in 10 seconds."

Reeves said he walks through the woods in the West Central Florida area often and this was the first time he had seen or heard anything unusual.

The two pieces of paper were turned over to an investigative team from MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa.

OFFICIALS AT MacDILL said the investigation is a routine one made whenever any "aerial phenomenon" is reported. The Air Force team talked to Reeves and visited the wooded area.

The base said the team will send its report directly to Project Bluebook at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio. This unit investigates all reports of unidentified flying objects.


- page 82 -

NON AVAILABILITY OF MATERIALS

The following items are for internal use only and are not available for distribution to the public. These concern internal management and procedures for forwarding UFO reports to the appropriate agency:

1. Air Force Regulation 200-2

2. JANAP 146

The Air Force has no films, photographs, maps, charts, or graphs of unidentified flying objects. Photographs that have been submitted for evaluation in conjunction with UFO reports have been determined to be a misinterpretation of natural or conventional objects. These objects have a positive identification.

The Air Force no longer possesses, and thus does not have for distribution, outdated reports on Project Sign, Project Grudge, Blue Book Special Report No. 14, and outdated Project Blue Book press releases. Non-military UFO publications should be requested from the publisher, not the Air Force.

5


- page 83 -

Here is the text from the document:

THE INSTITUTE OF PAPER CHEMISTRY
Appleton, Wisconsin
54010

April 5, 1965

Special Number 50,072

Your Ref: TDEW/UFO

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Dr. Hynek:

The following summarizes our analyses, interpretations, and suggestions on the specimen submitted to us recently by Major Quintanilla. This is the material allegedly dropped by a visitor from outer space. Much of this information was reported previously but is included and supplemented here for the sake of completeness. We have divided our comments into several categories.

1. Composition of Fiber

The sample is composed of plant fibers from the bast or the leaf of one or more of a number of plants. A wide variety of plants of this general type grow in this country and abroad, and some species are not distinguishable from one another in fiber form. Of the more common ones, we believe the submitted sample is not jute, mitsumata, campi, flax, or ramie; it could be fiber from abaca, sisal, kozo, hemp, or a similar but less common plant.

Exhibit A includes photomicrographs showing botanical similarities of fibers from the unknown sample and from two commercial papers (described below). It also includes photomicrographs from our files of a number of known fibers in the TAPPI Library maintained as reference materials for the Technical Association of the Pulp and Paper Industry.


- page 84 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Northwestern Unive

April 5, 1965
Page 2

Although the United States paper industry is based principally on fibers derived from trees, the use of bast or leaf fibers in this country, and in foreign countries, is not uncommon, and we see no reason to believe that these fibers have any unusual origin. In foreign countries, such fibers are grown specifically for papermaking; this practice is not as common in this country, but such fibers can be imported for papermaking or can be (and are) recovered from old rope, cordage, and similar products containing fibers of this type.

2. Paper Identification

The sample itself is of the type used for lens paper or stencil tissue (sometimes called Japanese tissue). The sample submitted had a basis weight of 5.5 lbs. (for a ream of 500 sheets, 24 x 36 inches), a thickness of approximately 0.0013 inches and was soft, bulky and of open structure. Formation was very uniform, indicating a high quality operation. There was no evidence of any special treatment to impart water repellency or wet strength.

3. Possible Origin

Of the samples which were readily available to us for comparison, one approximating the unknown quite closely was taken from "Paper-Japan 1960" published by Japanese Pulp & Pulp Exporters Association. This sample, identified as "Machine-made Tengujo (stencil) Paper" was essentially indistinguishable from the unknown. Japanese tissues are imported into this country and it is quite probable that similar materials are available in various commercial channels, or possibly as souvenirs brought from a foreign country by an individual. Similar papers are also manufactured in this country by a number of companies; we believe that a sample matching the unknown could be manufactured by these mills but we do not know whether they actually made such materials at the present time.

A second sample similar to the unknown, identified as "Speed-O-Print Carbon Cushion Sheet No. 700", is used with mimeograph stencils and obtained from a local office supply house. Obviously this is readily available, but we do not know whether it is imported or an item of domestic manufacture.

Exhibit B includes transmitted light photographs at approximately 3.5 diameters magnification, showing similarities in structure between the unknown, the Japanese tissue and the commercial stencil tissue.


- page 85 -

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Northwestern Univ.                                                April 5, 1965
                                                                  Page 3

Exhibit C includes specimens of the two commercial papers for
comparison with the unknown.

4. Suggestions for Further Exploration

In case additional information on the possible availability or
the actual history of the specific sample is desired by the
Air Force, or by some other appropriate agency, we suggest the
following contacts:

A. Domestic Paper Manufacturers

There are several companies in this country which are
capable of making products very similar to the unknown.
We feel that discussion with these companies, including
an opportunity for them to examine the sample, would
be helpful in determining whether or not any of these
companies do, in fact, manufacture a product identical
to the unknown. Companies active in this particular
segment of the paper industry would be able to comment
on the present status of domestic production versus
imports of products of this type and the probable
channels of distribution. For primary contacts we
suggest the following:

John A. Manning Paper Co., Inc., P. O. Box 328, Troy,
New York   (C. E. Lanyon)
C. H. Dexter & Sons, Inc., 100 Canal St., Windsor Locks,
Conn.      (Geo. D. Knight)
Crystal Tissue Co., Middletown, Ohio
Peter J. Schweitzer Division of Kimberly-Clark Corporation, 261 Madison Ave., New York, New York
Ricard Paper Operations, Packaging Div., Olin Industries,
Pisgah Forest, North Carolina

In turn, discussion with each of these companies may
develop further contacts worth investigating.

B. Users and/or Distributors

At least two types of organizations would be interested
in handling papers comparable to the unknown: for lens
tissue and for use as stencil tissue. We suggest that
the following be contacted as converters or distributors
of paper for lens tissue:

THE INSTITUTE OF PAPER CHEMISTRY


- page 86 -

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Northwestern University                                                   April 5, 1965
                                                                          Page 4

Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, New York
Lensclear, Inc., 123 W. 25th Street, New York,
New York

Among the companies handling mimeograph supplies, we
suggest the following be contacted for information on
their sources of supply (whether domestic or imported)
and on methods of distribution:

A. B. Dick Company, 5700 W. Touhy Avenue, Chicago,
Illinois
Speed-O-Print Business Machines Company, 1801 W.
Larchmont St., Chicago, Illinois
Milo Harding Company, Monterey Park, California

In addition we have recently noticed an article (House
Beautiful for November, 1964) suggesting use of
various papers for art work and noting that a kit of
Japanese papers is available from:

Craft Studios, 118 Evans St., New Hyde Park, New York

C. Importers

In addition to general importers or specific contacts
developed as a result of the above discussions, the
following may be able to contribute useful information:

Nelson-Whitehead Company, New York, New York

This company is listed as a sales agent for
one of the Japanese manufacturers of hand-
made paper but we have been unable to
locate a New York address for them. It is
possible that the firm has been reorganized
since issuance of the directory in which
they were mentioned. The following companies,
listed as paper merchants in the New York
area, might or might not be related to this
possible contact:

A. G. Nelson Paper Company, Inc., 420 W.
Broadway, New York 12, New York
Whitehead and Alliger Company, Inc.,
11 Thomas St., New York 7, New York

The following is an importer of various materials
from Japan:

THE INSTITUTE OF PAPER CHEMISTRY


- page 87 -

Here is the text from the document:

Dr. C. W. Bacon, Jr.
Northwestern University

C. T. Takahashi Company, Inc., 220 Third Ave.,
South, Seattle 4, Washington
(Mr. T. M. Iwata)

The following is an importer of pulps and possibly papers
of this general type:

H. Reeve Angel, Inc., 9 Bridewell Place,
Clifton, New Jersey

5. Further Speculation

We have made no chemical analysis of the markings and do not
intend to do so. In my previous letter I commented that
brief microscopic examination had suggested the possibility
that the markings were placed upon the paper by stamping or
printing rather than by an instrument such as a pencil
which would tend to disrupt the fiber structure. Some of
my colleagues feel that the markings could have been made
with a special type of pencil used in photographic touchup
work and other graphic arts procedure. One example is:
The Mars-Lumograph Duralar pencil made in Germany and
available thru J. S. Staedtler in this country.

Further speculation about the nature of the markings brought
out the comment that these markings appear to have been made
by a person with skilled hands and confidence in his ability.
In other words, they were not made by someone who was
painstakingly and hesitatingly following a set pattern with
no previous experience. This again suggests the possibility
that a commercial artist, or someone with similar skills,
may have been involved in preparation of the coded message,
either for the incident under consideration or for some
previous occasion.

If there is any way in which we can be of further assistance to the Air Force
or to any agency investigating related aspects, please feel free to call
on us.

Very truly yours,
T. A. Howells, Chairman
Technology Section

TAH/rl

THE INSTITUTE OF PAPER CHEMISTRY


- page 88 -

The only text I can see in this image is the letter "C" in a small box located in the top right corner of the document. The rest of the page appears to be blank or extremely faint white/gray.


- page 89 -

AERONAUTICAL SYSTEMS DIVISION
AIR FORCE MATERIALS LABORATORY, RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

MATERIALS PHYSICS DIVISION
AF MATERIALS LABORATORY

EVALUATION REPORT
Analysis of Earth Sample

REPORT NR: MAY 65-13                     DATE: 14 April 1965
PROJECT NR:                               TYPE EVALUATION:
MANUFACTURER:                             SPEC NR:
SUBMITTED BY: FTD (Sgt. Moody)            ITEM SERIAL NR:

I. PURPOSE
To analyze the sample for organic components that would be foreign to the sample.

II. FACTUAL DATA
A sample of dirt was submitted to the Analytical Branch and assigned Analytical Branch number #5-623. Approximately half the sample (105 grams) was extracted with carbon tetrachloride. The solvent was evaporated and an infrared spectrum obtained of the residue. The spectrum showed the residue to be a petroleum hydrocarbon base oil. About 10 c.c. of residue was extracted from the sample showing the dirt contained an appreciable amount of oil.

III. CONCLUSION
The dirt sample was analyzed and found to contain a petroleum hydrocarbon base oil.

PREPARED BY:
[Signature of W. J. Crawford]
W. J. Crawford

THIS REPORT IS NOT TO BE USED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR ADVERTISING OR SALES PROMOTION PURPOSES
WADD FORM 64                                                                    AF-WP-BUL 61 5M
JUN 64                REPLACES WADD FORM 64 WHICH IS OBSOLETE.


- page 90 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and a "D" label on the right side margin.


- page 91 -

ALLEGANY BALLISTICS LABORATORY
OPERATED BY
HERCULES POWDER COMPANY
INCORPORATED
P. O. BOX 210 • CUMBERLAND, MARYLAND 21501

TELEPHONE:
ROCKET CENTER
RIDGLEY, WEST VIRGINIA
304 RE 6-9000

September 29, 1965

In Reply
Refer to: 3698-340

Headquarters
Foreign Technology Division
Air Force Systems Command
United States Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Attention: TDEW -- Colonel Eric T de Jonckheere

Dear Sir:

Components from 4th Stage Scout Recovered in Thailand

Reference your letter of 28 July 1965, Hercules Powder Company is
pleased to advise that the components returned to us therewith were part of
a rocket motor manufactured at the Allegany Ballistics Laboratory for the
National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Langley Research Center, on
Contract NAS 1-3698. Pertinent data on this rocket motor are as follows:

(1)   Motor Description -- Jato 24DS-5850 X258
(2)   Motor Manufacturer -- Hercules Powder Company, Allegany Ballistics
       Laboratory
(3)   Date of Manufacture -- 13 November 1964
(4)   Motor S/N -- RH-75
(5)   Mission -- 4th stage propulsion on Scout Vehicle S-137, San Marco
       Mission
(6)   Payload -- Air density
(7)   Orbit -- Perigee 115 miles; Apogee 350 miles
(8)   Payload Life -- Expected six months
(9)   Launch Date -- 16 December 1964
(10) Launch Station -- Wallops Island, Virginia
(11) Date of Re-entry of 4th Stage Parts -- Approximately May 1964
(12) Place of Re-entry of Motor Parts -- Sisakit Province, Thailand

The subject components are presently being retained at Allegany Ballistics
Laboratory.

[Hercules logo]


- page 92 -

Colonel Eric T de Jonckheere - 2
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio
Components from 4th Stage Scout Recovered in Thailand

If additional information on these components becomes available from
the Joint Military Advisory Group in Thailand, we would appreciate receiving same.

If we can be of further assistance, feel free to call upon us.

Very truly yours,
J. R. Shrout, MANAGER
SPACE MOTORS PROGRAM OFFICE

JLS:jrp

cc: Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr., Wright-Patterson AFB
Mr. D. D. Welder, HPC/Wilmington
Mr. D. E. Guthrie, NASA/ARC
Mr. L. B. Johnston
SMPO File


- page 93 -

SUGGESTED READING MATERIAL

Books listed below deal with facts and theories about our solar universe, the sun, planets, comets, meteorites, the universe, stars, constellations and galaxies; telescopes, the computation of time as it relates to astronomy, star maps and charts, and the history of astronomy.

SKY & TELESCOPE, by Sky Publishing Corporation, Harvard College Observatory, Cambridge, Mass. 02138. Monthly Magazine, 60 cents per copy.

WEATHER ELEMENTS, by BLAIR, published Prentice Hall. Has an excellent chapter on often mis-identified weather phenomena.

PLANETS, STARS, AND SPACE, by CHAMBERLAIN, JOSEPH M. & NICHOLSON, THOMAS D. An illustrated, non-technical explanation of the earth, planets, stars, and the universe. Prepared in cooperation with the American Museum of Natural History.

JUNIOR SCIENCE BOOK OF STARS, by CROSBY, PHOEBE. An easy-to-read, exciting story of what scientists know about the stars, planets, the moon, and the MILKY WAY.

CHALLENGE OF THE UNIVERSE, by HYNEK, J. ALLEN & ANDERSON, NORMAN. Discusses the nature of the universe; astronomy and cosmology, published by Scholastic Press.

THE STORY OF THE STARS, by MALONEY, TERRY. An introduction to the universe; our solar system, our galaxy, and other galaxies. Many interesting illustrated analogies help build concepts of size and distance. Includes references to the Van Allen radiation belts and zodiacal light observation of 1960.

THE WORLD OF FLYING SAUCERS, by MENZEL & BOYD. A scientific examination of the classic UFO reports.

THE MOON, METEORITES, AND COMETS, Dtd 1963, by MIDDLEHURST & KUIPER. Continuous analysis of Soviet moon photos. Chapter on Siberian meteorite and photos or comets computation of various comet orbital photos.

THE NATURE OF LIGHT AND COLOR IN THE OPEN AIR, by MINNAERT, Dover Publications. This is an excellent paperback written in understandable lay language.

METEORS, by OLIVIER. Standard text by foremost authority on meteors.

PHOTOGRAPHIC HISTORY OF MARS, 1905-1961, by SLIPHER, E. C., published by Lowell Observatory.

ANATOMY OF A PHENOMENON, by VALLE, JACQUES.

FIRST MAN TO THE MOON, by VON BRAUN, WERNHER.

6


- page 94 -

ALLEGANY BALLISTICS LABORATORY
OPERATED BY
HERCULES POWDER COMPANY
INCORPORATED
P.O. BOX 210 • CUMBERLAND, MARYLAND 21501

TELEPHONE:
ROCKET CENTER
RIDGELEY, WEST VIRGINIA
304 RE 8-9000

October 27, 1965

In Reply
Refer to: 3698-371

Headquarters
Foreign Technology Division
Air Force Systems Command
United States Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio

Attention: TDEW -- Colonel Eric T de Jonckheere

Reference: HPC/ABL ltr 3698-340, dtd 29 September 1965

Dear Sir:

- Erratum -
Components from 4th Stage Scout Recovered in Thailand

Please make the following correction to the referenced letter:

Item (11) of the pertinent data reads, "Date of Re-entry of 4th Stage Parts
-- Approximately May 1964." Change to read, "Date of Re-entry of 4th Stage
Parts -- Approximately May 1965."

Very truly yours,

J. L. SHROUT, MANAGER
SPACE MOTORS PROGRAM OFFICE

JLS:jrp

cc: Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr., Wright-Patterson AFB
Mr. D. D. Welder, HPC/Wilmington
Mr. D. E. Guthrie, NASA/LRC
Mr. L. B. Johnston
SMPO File

[HERCULES logo at bottom of page]


- page 95 -

The page appears to be completely blank, with only two small holes at the top for potential filing or binding, and a small label "E" on the right side of the page. No text is visible on this document.


- page 96 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 16105 (23 Aug 65)                                Page 2 of 2

CONVINCED THAT THE SIGHTING WAS NOT A HOAX OR FABRICATION, ONE
TECHNICIAN REMAINED UNCONVINCED.

PAGE 2 RUCIEKA7233 UNCLAS

3. THE OBSERVERS MAINTAINED THEIR STORY EXACTLY AS REPORTED
IN THE INITIAL REPORT UNDER POLITE BUT VIGOROUS CROSSQUESTIONING.

HAROLE BUTCHER MADE A ROUGH DRAWING OF THE UFO WHICH IS ON FILE
AT NIAGARA AIR BASE. HE INDICATED A DISK 50' DIAMETER, 20'
THICK WITH RED GLOWING STREAMERS PROJECTING DOWNWARD FROM THE
ENTIRE PERIMETER PLUS A TRAIL OF RED TO YELLOW COLOR.

4. NO PHYSICAL EVIDENCE OF A VEHICLE OR LANDING WAS FOUND
EXCEPT AN OILY PURPLE SUBSTANCE WHICH APPEARS TO BE A COMBINATION
OF VIO STRIGENT OR GENTIAN VIOLET PLUS 3-IN-ONE OIL, WHICH
IS NOT BELIEVED CONNECTED WITH THE SIGHTING.

BT

NN
NOTE: Reference not identified in SMB.

N

AFHQ                 0-309C

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 97 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank white document page with two hole punches at the top and an "F" label on the right side of the page.


- page 98 -

Here is the text from the document:

CONFIDENTIAL
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 4310 BOMBARDMENT WING (SAC)
LITTLE ROCK AIR FORCE BASE, JACKSONVILLE, ARKANSAS, 72077

UNCLASSIFIED

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 43DCO1/6683                                                                   30 August 1965
SUBJECT: (U) Investigation of Unidentified Flying Object

TO: 825Cmbt Spt Gp (BC)

THRU: 43DCO 3sw ✓
        43C

1. (U) The following information is the result of an investigation conducted by Captain Howard D. Lowrey, A0914986, Combat Intelligence, Intelligence Division, 43rd Bombardment Wing (M), on 26 and 27 August 1965. Investigation was conducted in accordance with AFR 200-2 concerning the report of an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO).

2. (U) Description of the object: Nine (9) light blue plastic bags approximately 36 inches in length, each bearing the inscription: "WARNING: To avoid chances of suffocation keep away from babies and children. Do not use in cribs, beds, carriages or play pens. This bag is not a toy." The bag was tied together with a string that extends approximately 36 inches below the bags. Attached to the string is a mercury type battery wired to a flashlight type bulb, #605, by two wires, numbers X-228 and X-232. Enclosing the battery and bulb were pieces of cellophane colored blue, orange, green and purple. The plastic bags appear to be the type utilized by commercial cleaning establishments to enclose clothes for customers.

3. (C) Investigation information: Mr Jack E. Page, 1549 Stubblefield Road, Fayetteville, Arkansas, age 50, self-employed Asphalt Broker, reported observing the UFO approximately 0250 hours, on 24 August 1965. He had just arisen from bed and saw the object in a field approximately 150 yards back of his house. He estimated the wind to be very light from a northeasterly direction at the time of first seeing the object. Mr Page took the UFO to Mr Glenn Estes, Chief of FAA, Drake Airfield, Fayetteville, Arkansas, who in return notified Little Rock AFB officials. Subsequently Mr Estes was interviewed by a reporter from the Northwest Times newspaper of Fayetteville, Arkansas and the UFO received front page open coverage in the Northwest Times plus TV coverage in Little Rock, Arkansas.

Weather conditions at Fayetteville, Arkansas during the period from 2200L, 23 August to 0800L, 24 August was:

a. Wind - Surface calm until 0800L, 24 August
b. Ceiling - Clear

Classification Cancelled
OR Orig: jal                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

UNCLASSIFIED

DOWNGRADED AT 3 YEAR INTERVALS
DECLASSIFIED AFTER 12 YEARS
DOD DIR 5200.10

Peace . . . is our Profession


- page 99 -

CONFIDENTIAL
UNCLASSIFIED

c. Visibility - 15 miles or better, never below 7 miles

d. Cloud coverage - None

e. Thunderstorm - Towering cumulus north with lightning in northwest

4. (U) Additional Information: Washington County Sheriff's Office and Fayetteville City Police Office advised there were no reports of UFO activities during the period from 22 to 24 August 1965.

5. (U) Comments of Investigation Officer: It is the belief of the investigation officer that the UFO was made by person(s) for a prank or for amateur meteorology observations. Due to the wind currents, temperatures and the unknown amount of gas in the plastic bags, it is unknown as to where this object may have been originally launched.

Per telephone conversation with the Foreign Technology Division, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, the UFO is being forwarded under separate cover to the FTD, TDE (UFO), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.

6. (U) With the acceptance of this report under provisions of AFR 200-2, no further action is required. The above information is submitted for your information and will be retained in the files of 4JDCOI.

7. (U) This letter is classified Confidential in accordance with paragraph 17a, AFR 200-2. (Gp-4)

[Signature]
RALPH W. GEESLIN
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Division

Classification Cancelled
OR Changed
Auth:
By:

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 100 -

The page appears to be almost entirely blank, with only two visible markings:

1. A small "L" in the upper right area of the page
2. A label "G" in a box on the right side of the page

There are also two small holes at the top of the page, likely for filing or binding purposes.


- page 101 -

0130 29 Sept 65

Call received from

Major Allan F Livers
Senior Director on Duty
Detroit Air Defense Sector (NORAD)
Battle Creek, Michigan

He explained that a meteor siting occurred on the 28th day of Sept, and

that a man,

Harold Karnes
#2 9th Street
Reno, Pennsylvania 677-5235 (Code 814 through 011 City)

and his wife had been painting a house when the object dropped near them.
It frightened them, and they left the scene, returning later to find
an object roughly the size and shape of a child's football. It is
apparently hollow with rubbery walls approximately 1/16 inch thick.
It was cracked, but all pieces were recovered. This is near 011 City,
Pennsylvania.

Mr Karnes reported this to the:

662 Aircraft Control & Warning Squadron, Oakdale, Pennsylvania

and they are waiting to pick up this object for delivery to FTD if this
is desired. They are going to wait for a call from FTD.

MEMO FOR RECORD:

On 7 October Major Quintanilla went TDY to Pennsylvania and obtained the object
from Mr Karnes. Object was a gourd of some sort, not a meteor.

OBJECT IN PHYSICAL SPECIMEN FILE


- page 102 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible. There are two punch holes at the top of the document, and a label marked "H" on the right side of the page. The text appears to be faint and blurry, making it impossible to read with certainty.


- page 103 -

The News Tribune
FORT PIERCE, FLORIDA
VERO BEACH BUREAU • 1002 20TH PLACE • VERO BEACH

CHARLOTTE CAFFREY
VERO BEACH BUREAU CHIEF
567-5603

Nov. 24, 1965

MISS SARA HUNT
Community Relations
SAFOI
Pentagon,
Washington, D.C.

Dear Miss Hunt:

Got my aluminum "light Bulb" back
from Wright-Patterson Air Base, but no explanation
of whose, from whence, whither headed, or why.

Not to mention what it is.

May I expect a report on same from your office?

Very sincerely yours,
THE NEWS TRIBUNE,

Charlotte E. Caffrey,

Clippings enclosed


- page 104 -

TOTAL UFO (OBJECT) SIGHTINGS
(Compiled 17 Jan 66)

YEAR    TOTAL SIGHTINGS    UNIDENTIFIED    SOURCE
1947    122                12              Case Files
1948    156                7               Case Files
1949    186                22              Blue Book, page 108
1950    210                27              Case Files
1951    169                22              Case Files
1952    1,501             303              Blue Book, page 108
1953    509                42              Case Files
1954    487                46              Case Files
1955    545                24              Case Files
1956    670                14              Case Files
1957    1,006             14               Case Files
1958    627                10              Case Files
1959    390                12              Case Files
1960    557                14              Case Files
1961    591                13              Case Files
1962    474                15              Case Files
1963    399                14              Case Files
1964    582                19              Case Files
1965    886                16              Case Files

10,147              646

7


- page 105 -

HEADQUARTERS
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEW/UFO
SUBJECT: Balloon, Vero Beach

TO: Hq USAF SAFOICC (Mrs Hunt)

Reference the balloon which was recovered at Vero Beach, Florida.
It can be stated that the balloon was manufactured by the G T
Schjeldahl Company, Northfield, Minnesota. This particular balloon
was probably launched from Cape Kennedy just prior to the Gemini 6
mission. The Schjeldahl Company has supplied approximately 1,500
of these metallic mylar balloons to the Marshall Space Center for
launch at the Cape. These are meteorological balloons which collect
information on temperature, pressure, and density of the atmosphere
prior to a launch. At times, some of these balloons are launched
as frequently as every five minutes during the last hour of the count-
down in order to obtain data on wind direction and velocity. Most
of these balloons would probably end up over the water due to the
prevailing winds.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ERIC T de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

YOU - THE NUCLEUS OF SECURITY!


- page 106 -

This page appears to be blank. There is no legible text on the image. The only visible elements are two small holes at the top of the page, a page number "1" in the bottom right corner, and some light shading or texture typical of a scanned document.


- page 107 -

HEADQUARTERS
1607TH AIR TRANSPORT WING (MATS)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, DELAWARE, 19901

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ODOTI
SUBJECT: UFO Recovered at Dover AFB, Delaware                                27 October 1965

TO: FTD (TDEW) (UFO)

1. Reference Telecon between Sgt Moody and Msgt Fernandez on 25 October 1965 in which FTD requested further information on the identification and return of balloon to NASA.

2. After notifying FTD (UFO) on 21 October 1965 that the object would be sent to them for identification, we received a phone call from Mr. Robert Ladd, Washington representative of the G.T. Schjeldahl Co. of Northfield Minn. From our description, Mr. Ladd identified the object as a test balloon manufactured by the Schjeldahl Co. He requested we retain the balloon until Mr. Kenneth Witt, company engineer, arrived to make positive identification.

3. On 22 October we received a call from Mr. Bob Long of NASA Operations, Wallops Island Station, Va. Mr. Long heard of the balloon through the news media and stated NASA had launched similar ones manufactured by the Schjeldahl Co. He said a check of the winds for 20 October indicated the balloon could possibly be one launched by NASA from Wallops Island. When we informed Mr. Long that a representative from the Washington office of the Schjeldahl Co. was coming to Dover to identify the balloon, he requested we have Mr. Witt call him when he arrives. Mr. Witt arrived at Dover on the 22nd of October and positively identified the balloon as one manufactured by the Schjeldahl, Co. for NASA. He called Mr. Long at NASA Operations, Wallops Island Station, Va. and coordinated the return of the balloon which was to be delivered to NASA on Monday or Tuesday of the following week.

4. Further information on the return and ownership of the balloon can be obtained by calling Mr. Bob Long at NASA, Wallops Island Station, Va. phone 703 (824-3411 ext 2354).

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
CHARLES R. GANT
Major, USAF
Chief of Airlift Training

3 atch
Press Releases on UFO


- page 108 -

Here is the text from the document:

THE WASHINGTON POST
WASHINGTON, DC
City and State News Section
Page 2, October 1965

UFO Incident

- - Stado New, Dover, Del., Monday, October 25, 1965

AFB Officials Claim
Unidentified Object

An unidentified inflatable, feet. The only marking is SN7 (will be released, he said.
winged object claimed by Dov- and the firm name of G. T. Dover officers and the Na-
er Air Force Base officials from Shindell Co. tional Aeronautics and Space

Snow Hill, Md., resident last Mrs. Hopkins doesn't know what it is, but previous made Agency Installation at Wallops
Thursday will be sent to Wright- a target or a device for training radar oper- Island, Va., both say it doesn't
Patterson Ohio, for investigation. ators. know.

The valved object resembles Maj. Robert Steele, Dover Air Two men from Dover AFB
a minimum but is plastic. It Force Base information officer, Capt. Richard Young of the
landed Wednesday in a field near said it appears to be some type Office of Safety at the base and
the hatchery of Mrs. George of test vehicle. When identific- he was "not sure" of the ob-
Hopkins of Snow Hill. ation is made by Wright-Pat- ject's origin. He said it was
The object is 12 to 14 feet terson officials, the information "some kind of low target, I'm
long and has a wingspan of 10 not sure what."


- page 109 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Morning News, Wilmington, Del.
6 - Fri., Oct. 21, 1965

Strange object called balloon

Md. mystery deflated

SNOW HILL, Md. -- The object which fell from the sky behind a Snow Hill, Md. hatchery Wednesday afternoon may be a weather balloon, a spokesman for the manufacturer said last night.

Robert Ladd, manager of the Washington office of the G. T. Schjeldahl Co. of Northfield, Minn., said he based his theory on a description of the find--an inflatable, winged object 12 to 14 feet long, with a wingspan of 10 feet. Ladd said he would begin an investigation at once.

MRS. George Hopkins, owner of the hatchery, said the object landed in a field behind a hatchery building. The markings were SN and the name of the company.

It was equipped with four valves, Mrs. Hopkins said. Four of these appeared designed to make it inflatable.

Mrs. Hopkins said heat applied automatically to cause the thing to expand and when it was carried into the hatchery office it quickly floated to the ceiling.

A team from the Dover Air Force Base picked up the object and returned it to the base. A base spokesman said it will be taken to Wright Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio for positive identification.

Representatives of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration at Wallops Island, Va., said it did not originate there.

Schjeldahl was the firm that produced the Echo I satellite which cut a brilliant trail through the skies in 1960.

LADD said Schjeldahl balloons are used in tests at Wallops Island and also are used by the Army in tests in the Washington-Virginia area.

"It's entirely possible one of them got loose," Ladd said. "Balloons of various types are flying around the country all the time in various test projects."

LADD said many of the balloons are made of aluminized plastic.

MRS. HOPKINS said the object resembled aluminum. Throughout Wednesday afternoon and night scores of persons flocked to the scene to view the object before it was removed. Mrs. Hopkins said many theories were expressed about its origin and use, the most prevalent being that it was a quarry target or a device for training radar operators.


- page 110 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

19 November 1965

Major Quintanilla called Mr Curtis of the G T Schjedahl Co in reference to the balloon which was recovered in Greece. He read a message to Mr Curtis saying that a reward was to be given to the person recovering the balloon. Mr Curtis said that the message was correct. Mr Curtis referred Major Quintanilla to Mr Cliff Merrill. Major Quintanilla read the same message to Mr Merrill.

Major told Mr Merrill to address his letter to:
Executive Agency for Military Attache
Office of U S Army Attache American Embassy
APO New York 09223

Major told him to address the inside of the letter to the:
Office of the Air Attache
American Embassy
Athens, Greece

This pertains to the reward for the recovery of the package.

[Bottom of page contains mailing label with address:]
DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY
EXECUTIVE AGENCY FOR MILITARY ATTACHE
OFFICE OF THE U.S. ARMY ATTACHE
AMERICAN EMBASSY
APO NEW YORK 02223
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

POSTAGE AND FEES PAID
DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY

FTD-TDAOH
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio, 45433


- page 111 -

1965 CASES CONTAINING RADAR R

1. 30   1/24  ALASKA           ACM      NO  YES  1 RADAR  40 MIN   FR A/C 2½ K AT 26,500'  HOVERED  LOCAL OC
                                                   2 VISUAL

2. 49   2/02  4 STATES          AIR PPI  NO  YES  1       N/R     N/R                     EAST      LOCAL

3. 137  4/10-14 JAPAN           F-102 PPI NO  NO  MULTIPLE 3 SEC TO F-100    140-240 K, NO INVERSION LOCAL AN
                                ASR, ASPR                  5 MIN                           TDEN CON

4. 171  5/05-07 PHILIPPINES     SPS 6-G   NO  YES  4 MAX   6 MIN   22 HIT, 3,000 MPH,     TDEN CON
                                SHIP RADAR                           MANUVERED AND STATIONARY

5. 207  6/08-09 TURKEY          FFS-88    NO  YES  SINGLE  N/R     N/R       FROM 250 MI OUT IN TO  TDEAM
                                                   8 TIMES  1 HR INTERVAL    SCOPE, 3,000 MPH

6. 269  7/12  EAST U.S.         ACM        YES YES  1     4 HOURS  BALLOON   WISP 60 & 100,000 FT   NO
                                SATELLITE TRACK

7. 282  7/13  EAST U.S.         ACM, ARMY  NO  YES  1-2   27 MIN   SINGLE    80 MI RANGE, HOVERING TDERED
                                AIR DEF MISSILE                             ERRATIC MOTION
                                
8. 335  7/25  WISCONSIN         ADA, LOW   NO  NO  1      10 MIN             1,000 K, 100,000 FT.  TDERED
                                POWER

9. 360  7/30  EAST COAST        BACKSCATTER NO  NO  1 TWICE F/SEC  GEMINI    100 MI ALT, 200,000 (1) TDERED
                                GD ELECTRONIC                               100,000 RETURN

10. 367  7/31  TINKER, OKLAHOMA  ACM        NO  YES  1     N/R     N/R        SOUTH VARIED TO 101,000' LOCAL CO

11. 367  7/31  OKLAHOMA CITY    ACM        NO  YES                           10,000 FT 205°A2 FROM  TDERED
                                                                             15-29 MI

12. 367  8/02  WICHITA, KANSAS  GCI        NO  YES  MULTIPLE SEVERAL          VARIES MULTIPLE RETURNS TDERED
                                                   HOURS

13. 373  8/01  W. TOPEKA, KANSAS AIR PPI   NO  NO  12-15  N/R     N/R        50 MI SCOPE, FORMATION TDERED

14. (INFO) 8/04 CALUMET AFS, MICH ACM      NO  NO         NEWSPAPER CARRIED ARTICLE OF ALLEGED CONTACT, COMMANDER OF STAT

15. 445  8/05  CHICAGO, ILL     GD ELECTRONIC NO  NO  POSS 2 45 MIN  N/R      100,000', STGM,      TDERED
                                SEARCH & HEIGHT                             NO INVERSION

16. 500  8/11  WHITEMAN AFB, MO. AM/OPS 9  YES YES  3-5   5 ½ HOURS N/R       INVERSION            LOCAL

17. 555  8/20  PLATTSBURGH, N.Y. GCA       NO  YES  1     3-5 MIN  N/R        WEST OF SCOPE, JAMING LOCAL

18. 556  8/20  PEASE AFB, N.H.  GFM-18     NO  NO  ONE OR 30 MIN   N/R        7 MI WEST OF PEN TO   LOCAL
                                                   HOUR                       8 MI NM

19. 623  8/31  TONOPAH, NEVADA  ACM        NO  NO  1     3 HR 15 MIN N/R      STOPPING, STARTING,  LOCAL/ID
                                MINNEMUCCA AFS, NEVADA                       CLIMBING, FADING

20. 727  9/26  LUCAS COUNTY, OHIO GD SELECT NO  YES  1     3-5 MIN  N/R        BIG SCOPE PHOTOS     TDERED

21. 756  10/06 EDWARDS AFB, CALIF SEARCH & HEIGHT YES YES MULTI   4 1/2 HOURS N/R

22. 258  7/09  Arlington, Texas  GCA       NO  YES  1     15 MIN   A/C        EASTERLY             LOCAL


- page 112 -

1965 CASES CONTAINING RADAR REPORTS

The document is a table with columns for:
# (Number)
Date
Location
Type Radar
Scope/Visual/Electronic
Radar Confirmation
Duration
Size
Motion
Analysis
Evaluation

The table contains 22 entries of various UFO/radar sighting reports from different locations including Alaska, 4 States, Japan, Philippines, Turkey, East U.S., Wisconsin, East Coast, Oklahoma, Kansas, Chicago, and other locations, dated from January to October 1965.

Each entry includes details such as radar type (ACM, AIR PPI, F-102 PPI, etc.), whether the event was visually or electronically confirmed, duration, and an evaluation (such as Balloon, Insufficient Data, Local Control, etc.).

The document appears to be a summary sheet from Project Blue Book, cataloging radar-related UFO sightings from 1965.


- page 113 -

PHOTOGRAPHS ASSOCIATED WITH UFO REPORTS DURING 1965

The document contains two tables:

First Table Columns:
- INCIDENT
- DATE
- LOCATION
- PHOTOGRAPHER
- TYPE ANALYSIS
- EVALUATION

The first table lists 30 UFO-related photographic incidents from 1965, including locations like Mecca, California; Spring Lake, N.J.; Laos; Sloan, Nevada; and various other locations across the United States and internationally.

Some notable evaluations include:
- "ORIGINAL NOT SUBMITTED"
- "DEVELOPER SMEAR"
- "HOAX"
- "NO IMAGE ON FILM"
- "METEOR TRAIL"
- "UPPER AIR BALLOON"

Second Table Columns:
- DATE
- LOCATION
- PHOTOGRAPHER
- SOURCE
- COMMENT

The second table lists 10 additional photographs that were taken but not submitted to the Air Force for evaluation. These were from locations like Australia, Hershey, Pennsylvania, Antarctic, Argentina, and others. Sources include UFO Literature and News Media.

The header text below the first table reads: "THE FOLLOWING PHOTOGRAPHS WERE TAKEN AND APPEARED IN VARIOUS UFO LITERATURE OR NEWS MEDIA BUT WERE NOT SUBMITTED TO THE AIR FORCE FOR EVALUATION."


- page 114 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

January 13, 1966

Major Hector Quintanilla USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio 45433

Dear Major:

This is to report to you that Sergeant Moody and I are hard at it for these three days. I think that we will be able to clean up all of 1965.

As I go over the 900 or so cases of '65, I am once again impressed by the inadequate quality of the data upon which the evaluation must be based. In some cases the term "insufficient data" is really a misnomer; there is enough data but it is of such poor quality that the cause of the sighting is unidentifiable rather than unidentified. To use the category "insufficient data" overtly much weight the statistics so that our critics then say that this is just a handy catch-all to which we put everything that we can't find a ready explanation for. On the other hand, to say the case is "unidentified" is even worse because this is interpreted by our reading public to mean that something really mysterious is going on. The reason for its being unidentified is that the data do not permit any logical explanation. I would prefer the term "unidentifiable" or, better, "unidentifiable because of poor data" to either of the terms "insufficient data" by itself, or "unidentified" by itself. I rather agree with public opinion that the term "unidentified" should be reserved for those cases which really do puzzle us even though we have reasonably good data, by which I mean largely that there was more than one observer, and that we have some time-space sequence of the reported events.

Should there ever be any official inquiry from the Pentagon about the conduct of our Project, I think it might be well to bring up the above points. I have for years, as you know, pleaded for immediate capability in my gathering of data so that evaluations could be placed on a much firmer foundation than they have been in the past, not because of any inherent incompetence in the evaluating office but simply because of the inherent paucity of the data.

Sincerely yours,

JAHtar                                                                Director


- page 115 -

STATISTICAL DATA FOR YEARS 1953-1964

(Compiled 1 Nov 65)

TOTAL CASES BY CATEGORY
Astronomical: 2167
Aircraft: 1167
Balloon: 665
Insufficient Data: 1248
Other: 916
Satellite: 417
Unidentified: 237
TOTAL: 6817

ASTRONOMICAL SIGHTINGS
Meteors: 1295
Stars and Planets: 605
Other: 267
TOTAL: 3167

OTHER CASES
Hoaxes, Hallucinations, Unreliable Reports and Psychological Causes: 226
Missiles and Rockets: 83
Reflections: 54
Flares and Fireworks: 39
Mirages and Inversions: 97
Search and Coordinate: 47
Clouds and Contrails: 27
Birds: 34
Radar Analysis: 87
Photo Analysis: 40
Physical Specimens: 70
Satellite Decay: 23
Other: 148
TOTAL: 918

The page is numbered "8" at the bottom center.


- page 116 -

THE INITIAL REPORT OF THE FOLLOWING CASES DID NOT CONTAIN SUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION. REPLIES TO LETTERS REQUESTING THIS INFORMATION HAVE NOT BEEN RECEIVED AS OF THIS DATE. IF THIS INFORMATION IS FURNISHED AN ANALYSIS WILL BE PERFORMED AND AN EVALUATION CONSISTENT WITH THE DATA ASSIGNED

[The rest of the text is a detailed table with columns for Incident, Date, Location, Time, Observer Data, Reporting Data, Follow-Up, Evidence, and Comments. The table contains 36 rows of UFO sighting data with various details such as location, time, observer type, and brief comments about each sighting.]

The table includes information like:
- Locations ranging from Urban to Rural
- Times of day (Dusk, Night, Day)
- Observer types (NASA Proj Engr, Military, Boy Scouts, etc.)
- Reporting methods (Letter, Phone)
- Brief comments about sightings (e.g., "WHITE LIGHT NNE, SLIGHT TURN", "SLOW SK, CIGAR SILVER SIDE/SIDE")


- page 117 -

Here is the text from the document:

INCIDENT     DATE    LOCATION    TIME    # AGE    SEX    OCC

OBSERVER DATA                 REPORTING DATA

72. 145    4/20    S. TWN NIGHT    2 A (B)    GAME WARDEN        1    LETTER    164    8 G/T    NO CLEAR    NO NO NO    1    1/8SEC    DATA TOO POOR FOR EVALUATION

73. 194    5/28    RURAL NIGHT    1 A (F)                        1    PHONE    NO        3 G/T                NO NO NO    1    1/8    

74. 264    7/11    URBAN DAY      1 A (R)    HOUSEWIFE          1    PHONE    NO        5 G/T                NO NO NO    1    1.5 M    DATA TOO POOR FOR EVALUATION

75. 360    7/30    W/B    DAY       1 A                          1    TWX    R/ALL    5 G/R                NO YES NO    1                (SEE RADAR ANALYSIS)

76. 364    7/31    RURAL NIGHT    2 Y (B)                        1    PHONE    164    4 G/T    NO CLEAR    NO NO NO    3    1.5 M    (HYNEK)

77. 435    8/05    URBAN DAY      1 Y (M)    13 STUDENTS         1    200-2    NO        10 G/T    NO CLOUDY    NO NO NO    3    1.5 M    NO IMAGE ON PHOTO

78. 508    8/12    URBAN NIGHT    2 Y (M)    13 STUDENTS         2    (?)     164's    11 G/T    NO CLOUDY    NO NO NO    3    1.0 M    DATA TOO POOR FOR ANALYSIS

79. 578    8/22    URBAN NIGHT    1 A (F)    45                  1    200-2    NO        2 G/T    NO                NO NO NO    3    1.0 M    DATA TOO POOR FOR ANALYSIS

80. 581    8/23    RURAL NIGHT    3 B (M)    FARMER & SONS       1    200-2    LOCAL    3 G/T    NO                NO NO NO    2    4-5M    1 OBJ VENUS, 2d OBJ INSUFF.

81. 601    8/26    RURAL DUSK     4 B                            1    1/FORM NO        1 G/T    NO CLEAR    NO NO NO    1    10 MIN   (SEMI FINAL)

82. 655    9/04    URBAN NIGHT    3 A (B)    SHIPIN CLERK        1    200-2    164    10 G/T    EX CLEAR    NO NO NO    1    10 MIN   DATA TOO POOR FOR EVALUATION

83. 669    9/05    URBAN NIGHT    5 A (B)    MILITARY & WIFE     1    LOCAL    NO        7 G/T    EX CLEAR    NO NO NO    1    15 MIN   (SEE PHOTO ANALYSIS)

84. 781    10/21   RURAL DUSK     2 A (M)    POLICE              1    LETTER LETTER    3 G/T                NO NO YES    1    1/4 A    

85. 832    11/11   RURAL DUSK     1 A (M)    MILL WORKER         1    200-2    NO        4 G/T    EX RAIN    NO NO NO    1    20 MIN   (SEMI FINAL)


- page 118 -

This page appears to be a blank document with three hole punches on the left side. There is a vertical text label on the right side of the page that appears to say "SATTLER", but the text is very faint and partially illegible. No other text is visible on this page.


- page 119 -

THE FOLLOWING REPORTS CONTAIN OBJECTS EVALUATED AS SATELLITES AND THE REPORTED OBJECT WAS CONSISTENT WITH PASSAGE OF A SPECIFIC VEHICLE. (82)

[The rest of the text is a detailed table with columns for:
- Incident #
- Date
- Location
- Time
- Number of Observers
- Observer Data
- Reporting Data
- Description
- Motion
- Object

The table contains 38 rows of data about various UFO/satellite sightings, with details such as location (urban/rural/ocean/etc.), time of night, observer occupation, reporting method, description of the object, its motion, and classification (mostly "ECHO I", "ECHO II", or "PEG I").]


- page 120 -

Here is the text from the document:

39. 297 7/27 URBAN NIGHT 1 A F N/R 1 200-2 NO 2 G/T EX (2) N/R LIKE STAR SE, STRAIGHT ECHO I
40. 298 7/18 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M LABORER 1 PHONE 164 7 G/T NO (2) 5 MIN LIKE STAR SE,N, STRAIGHT ECHO I
41. 300 7/18 URBAN NIGHT 4 A B 1 PHONE 0014 7 G/T EX 1 5-10 MIN LIKE STAR S, STRAIGHT PBG II
42. 320 7/18 URBAN NIGHT 3 A B 1 PHONE 0014 16 G/T NO 1 10 MIN TRIANGLES STAR SE, STRAIGHT ECHO I
43. 393 7/18 URBAN NIGHT 8 B B 1 PHONE 0014 7 G/T TX 1 10 MIN LIKE STAR E, STRAIGHT ECHO I
44. 305 7/19 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M N/R 1 PHONE 0014 7 G/T NO 1 2 MIN LIKE STAR NE, STRAIGHT PBG II
45. 306 7/19 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M N/R 1 PHONE 0014 7 G/T NO 1 10 MIN LIKE STAR E, ZIG-ZAG ECHO I
46. 311 7/20 URBAN NIGHT 4 T M CIVIL AIR P. 1 PHONE 0014 6 G/T NO 1 30 SEC BANANA SHAPED N/R ARC ECHO I
47. 331 7/25 URBAN NIGHT 2 A B 1 200-2 NO 3 G/T NO (2) 2 MIN LIKE STAR SE, ARC PBG I, ECHO II
48. 332 7/25 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M N/R 1 PHONE 0014 7 G/T NO 1 10-15N LIKE STAR N/R ECHO I
49. 343 7/26 RURAL NIGHT 1 A F TELEPHONE OPR 1 200-2 NO 2 G/T NO 1 15 MIN LIKE STAR SE, STRAIGHT ECHO I, PBG II
50. 381 8/02 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M MILITARY 1 200-2 NO 3 G/T NO 1 3 MIN LIKE STAR N, STRAIGHT ECHO II
51. 444 8/05 URBAN NIGHT 1 A F NICAP MEMBER 1 PHONE NO 1 G/T NO 1 5 MIN NOT STATED NOT STATED PBG I
52. 471 8/08 URBAN NIGHT 2 A M MACHINE OPR 1 200-2 NO 2 G/T EX 1 1 MIN LIKE STAR N, STRAIGHT ECHO I
53. 473 8/08 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M MILITARY 1 200-2 NO 2 G/T NO 1 20 MIN LIKE STAR N, STRAIGHT ECHO II
54. 478 8/09 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M DRIVER 1 LETTER 164 5 G/T NO 1 3-4 MIN LIKE STAR NE, STRAIGHT ECHO II
55. 504 8/12 URBAN NIGHT 1 A F 1 200-2 NO 2 G/T NO 1 10 MIN LIKE STAR NE, STRAIGHT ECHO II
56. 515 8/12 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M 1 200-2 NO 4 G/T NO 1 40-50 S LIKE STAR NE, STRAIGHT ECHO II
57. 531 8/14 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M 1 200-2 NO 4 G/T NO 1 4 MIN BIG STAR N/R ECHO II
58. 538 8/15 URBAN NIGHT 3 1 PHONE NO 1 G/T 1 G/T BRIGHT N,M,STRAIGHT ECHO II
59. 548 8/16 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M CAR DEALER 1 LETTER NO 3 G/T EX 1 3-4 MIN LIKE STAR N ECHO II
60. 549 8/16 URBAN NIGHT 2 T M STUDENTS 2 PHONE 0014 8 G/T TX 1 15 MIN OVAL RED-GREEN SE, STRAIGHT ECHO I
61. 556 8/18 URBAN NIGHT M 3 P/TWO/200-2 6 G/T EX 1 5-8 MIN LIKE STAR NE, STEADY ECHO II
62. 559 8/19 URBAN NIGHT 1 1 LETTER LETTER 2 G/T NORTH N, STEADY ECHO II
63. 577 8/22 URBAN NIGHT M 1 200-2 NO 1 G/T NO 1 10 MIN BRILLIANT WHITE N, STEADY ECHO II
64. 587 8/29 URBAN NIGHT 1 T M STUDENT 1 200-2 NO 4 G/T NO 1 5 MIN BRIGHTER THAN STAR N, STRAIGHT ECHO II
65. 590 8/24 NFLD NIGHT 1 A M MECHANIC 1 200-2 NO 6 G/T NO 1 3 MIN LIKE STAR NE, STRAIGHT ECHO II
66. 609 8/27 OCEAN NIGHT M A M MILITARY 1 CIRVIS NO 1 G/T EX 1 2 MIN WHITE GEM V
67. 611 8/27 URBAN NIGHT 2 A B 1 200-2 NO 3 G/T NO 1 1 MIN ROUND GLOWING WHITE NE, STRAIGHT ECHO II
68. 613 8/28 URBAN NIGHT 3 T M STUDENTS 1 PHONE 0014 7 G/T NO 1 10 MIN LIKE SATELLITE NNW, STRAIGHT ECHO II
69. 617 8/29 URBAN NIGHT 2 T M STUDENTS 1 PHONE 0014 6 G/T TX 1 3-5 MIN YELLOW STAR NE, STRAIGHT ECHO II
70. 621 8/30 RURAL NIGHT 2 A B 1 LETTER NO 2 G/T NO 1 5 MIN LIKE VENUS N, STRAIGHT ECHO II
71. 634 9/01 URBAN NIGHT 3 T M STUDENTS 1 PHONE NO 2 G/T NO 1 20-25M AUTO LIGHT N, ERRATIC ECHO II
72. 635 9/01 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M STUDENT 1 PHONE 0014 7 G/T NO 1 5 MIN LIKE STAR S, STRAIGHT ECHO I
73. 643 9/02 URBAN NIGHT 2 B B 1 200-2 NO 2 G/T NO 1 10 MIN LIKE FLAME N, ERRATIC ECHO II
74. 644 9/02 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M FARMER 1 200-2 NO 3 G/T EX 1 15 MIN CIRCULAR RED/GREEN N, STRAIGHT ECHO II
75. 659 9/04 URBAN NIGHT 5 B B 1 LETTER NO 2 G/T NO 1 10 MIN STEADY WHITE LIKE NE, STRAIGHT ZIG-ZAG ECHO II
76. 668 9/05 URBAN NIGHT 4 B B 1 PHONE 0014 7 G/T NO 1 13 MIN LIKE STAR N, STRAIGHT, ZIG-ZAG ECHO II
77. 673 9/06 URBAN NIGHT M 5 1/F/200-2 LTR 22 G/T EX 1 3 MIN BRIGHT STAR NE, ERRATIC ECHO II
78. 677 9/06 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M 1 200-2 NO 4 G/T NO 1 3-4 MIN LARGE STAR N, STRAIGHT ECHO II
79. 678 9/06 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M DOCTOR 1 200-2 NO 4 G/T TX 1 5-6 MIN LIKE VENUS N, SMOOTH ECHO II
80. 699 9/27 URBAN NIGHT 1 2 PHONE 0014 14 G/T NO 1 SECS LIKE N, STRAIGHT ECHO II
81. 705 9/20 URBAN NIGHT M 3 PHONE 0014 12 G/T NO 1 10 MIN LIKE STAR NE, STRAIGHT ECHO II
82. 546 8/16 URBAN NIGHT 1 A F 1 PHONE 0014 3 G/T NO 1 3 MIN STARLIKE SE ECHO II (ME)
154. 30 1/24 A MSA NIGHT M A M MILITARY 1 PHONE NO 2 G/T EX M N/R SATELLITE ECHO II SE (PASSES EVERY 1 HR 50 MIN)


- page 121 -

Here is the text from the document:

THE FOLLOWING RECORDS CONTAIN OBJECTS EVALUATED AS SATELLITES BY THE REPORTING OFFICIAL, DR. HYNEK, OR REPORTED AS SATELLITES BY THE OBSERVER (13)

[A table follows with columns for various details about satellite sightings, including date, time, location, observer type, duration, color, and direction]

THE FOLLOWING RECORDS CONTAIN OBJECTS CHARACTERISTIC OF SATELLITES BUT THE DATE/TIME WAS MISSING AND CHECK FOR A SPECIFIC OBJECT WAS NOT MADE (7)

[Another table similar to the first, with some entries having missing date or time information]

THE FOLLOWING RECORDS CONTAIN OBJECTS CHARACTERISTIC OF SATELLITES BUT SCHEDULES FOR THAT DAY WERE NOT AVAILABLE FOR A SPECIFIC OBJECT CHECK (3)

[A third table with similar format]

THE FOLLOWING REPORTS CONTAIN OBJECTS CHARACTERISTIC OF SATELLITES, ECHO AND PEGASUS SCHEDULES FOR THE REPORTED TIME OF THE SIGHTING CHECKED NEGATIVE (49)

[A fourth table with similar format, ending with "1st OBJ ECHO I"]


- page 122 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

115, 399 7/18 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M LABORER 1 PHONE 00164 4 G/T NO (2) 5 MIN LIKE STAR SE, M (1ST OBJ ECHO II)
116, 397 7/19 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M 1 LESTER LESTER 2 G/T NO 1 15 MIN N/R E, JERKY
117, 310 7/20 URBAN NIGHT 7 Y B 1 PHONE 00164 12 G/T NO 1 5-7 MIN ORANGE/WHITE LIGHT E, STRAIGHT
118, 313 7/20 URBAN NIGHT 1 A HOUSEWIFE 1 PHONE 00164 2 G/T NO 1 6 MIN LIKE STAR STRATTON
119, 323 7/23 RURAL NIGHT M B B 1 LESTER LETTER 2 G/T NO 1 1 W/R SATELLITE S, STRAIGHT
120, 334 7/25 URBAN NIGHT 2 Y M STUDENTS 1 PHONE 00164 4 G/T NO 1 30-40 SEC LIKE STAR S, STRATTON
121, 336 7/25 RURAL NIGHT 2 A M RANCHERS 1 200~2 NO 4 G/T NO 1 30 MIN LIKE STAR SSE, STRAIGHT
122, 337 7/25 RURAL NIGHT 1 A W SYSTEMS ANAL 1 FORM NO 4 G/T NO 1 2 MIN BLUE WHITE STAR
123, 338 7/25 URBAN NIGHT 5 B B 1 PHONE 00164 4 G/T NO 1 15 SEC LIKE STAR S, STRAIGHT
124, 339 7/25 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M 1 LETTER LETTER 3 G/T NO 1 1 W/R LIKE STAR S, 240-240
125, 348 7/27 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M SALESMAN 1 200~2 NO 2 G/T NO 1 3-5 MIN LIKE STAR SE, STRAIGHT
126, 357 7/28 URBAN NIGHT 3 A M STUDENTS 1 LETTER LETTER 3 G/T TX 1 4-5 MIN SATELLITE W, ZIG-ZAG
127, 363 7/30 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M PROFESSOR 1 LETTER LETTER 3 G/T NO 1 1 W/R MED-YELLOW/ORANGE STAR S, STRAIGHT
128, 375 8/01 URBAN NIGHT 2 A B ELECTRICIAN 1 FORM NO 4 G/T NO 1 2 MIN SATELLITE NE, STRAIGHT
129, 377 8/01 URBAN NIGHT 3 A M 1 200~2 NO 2 G/T NO 1 1 MIN LIKE STAR N, STRATTON, W/ZIG-ZAG
130, 382 8/02 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M POLICE 1 200~2 NO 1 G/T NO 1 1 MIN LIKE STAR S, STRAIGHT
131, 390 8/02 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M DRIVER 1 200~2 NO 5 G/T NO 1 5 MIN SATELLITE SE, STRAIGHT
132, 392 8/02 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M ENGINEER 1 200~2 NO 3 G/T NO 1 29 SEC SATELLITE W, STRAIGHT
133, 425 8/04 RURAL NIGHT 4 A B 1 LETTER LETTER 2 G/T NO 1 15 SEC LIKE STAR W/B, STRAIGHT (FORM SENT, NOT RETURNED)
134, 457 8/06 URBAN NIGHT 2 A M ELECT ENGR 1 FORM NO 3 G/T NO 1 30-40 SEC LIKE STAR SE
135, 530 8/14 URBAN NIGHT 1 A F MILITARY 1 200~2 NO 5 G/T NO 1 4-90 SEC YELLOW ORANGE STAR NE, ERRATIC
136, 540 8/16 URBAN NIGHT 1 Y F STUDENT 1 LETTER LETTER 2 G/T NO 1 1-2 MIN LIKE STAR SE, ZIG-ZAG
137, 594 8/25 URBAN NIGHT 1 Y M STUDENT 1 200~2 NO 3 G/T NO 1 5 MIN WHITE N, STRAIGHT
138, 595 8/25 URBAN NIGHT 2 Y M STUDENTS 1 PHONE 00164 2 G/T NO 1 14 MIN NON REFLECTING FROM OBJ W/A
139, 602 8/26 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M ELECTRONIC TECH 1 200~2 NO 2 G/T NO 1 5-10 MIN LIKE STAR NE, STRAIGHT
140, 640 9/02 URBAN NIGHT 1 A F TELEPHONE OPR 1 FORM NO 4 G/T EX 1 15 MIN YELLOW VOLLEYBALL W, STRAIGHT
141, 642 9/02 URBAN NIGHT 2 A B MILITARY 1 PHONE 00164 4 G/T NO 1 10 MIN BRIGHT CLEAR LIGHT W, ERRATIC
142, 670 9/05 URBAN NIGHT 1 A W/R 1 200~2 NO 3 G/T NO 1 5 MIN LIKE STAR NE, STRAIGHT
143, 685 9/09 URBAN NIGHT 2 A B 1 200~2 NO 4 G/T NO 1 2 MIN LIKE SPHINX INCOHERENTLY
144, 698 9/17 (PROG) NIGHT 1 A W 2 BLIND NO 3 G/T NO 1 4 W/R BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT NE, ERRATIC
145, 707 9/20-21 URBAN NIGHT 1 A F HOUSEWIFE 1 PHONE NO 1 G/T W/R 1 N/R LIKE STAR NORTH
146, 709 9/21 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M BUSINESSMAN 1 200~2 NO 3 G/T EX 1 25 MIN LIKE STAR NE
147, 718 9/24 USAFB NIGHT 2 A M MILITARY 1 200~2 NO 1 G/T NO 1 15 MIN ROUND, GREEN, RED, BLUE N, STRAIGHT
148, 730 9/27 AFRICA NIGHT 5 A B 1 LETTER LETTER G/Y NO 3 PER MIN SMALL DOTS NE, E, NNE, STRAIGHT(SUDDEN DISAPP)
149, 738 10/01 URBAN NIGHT 2 Y M STUDENTS 1 LETTER/200~2 NO 2 G/T NO 1 5 MIN TWINKLING STAR NNE
150, 744 10/02 URBAN NIGHT 1 A M 1 200~2 NO 3 G/T NO 1 1 MIN ROUND, TINTED BLUE SE, STRAIGHT
151, 749 10/04 URBAN NIGHT 2 A B 1 LETTER LETTER 2 G/T NO 1 N/R RED NARROW NE
152, 862 12/01 URBAN NIGHT 3 A M MILITARY 1 200~2 NO 4 G/T NO 1 1 MIN SPHERICAL PINK 0450 STRAIGHT
153, 875 12/11 RURAL NIGHT 1 A M 1 200~2 NO 4 G/T NO 1 4 MIN LIKE STAR SE, STRAIGHT

IN ADDITION TO THE ABOVE THERE WERE THIRTY-THREE OBJECTS EVALUATED AS SATELLITES ECHO I AND ECHO II IN THE MIDWEST FLAP FOLDER (ALL LINCOLN AFB). THERE WERE THIRTEEN OBJECTS EVALUATED AS SATELLITES ON THE BASIS OF REPORTED CHARACTERISTICS INCLUDED IN THIS FOLDER.


- page 123 -

Star Catalog
60 Garden Street
Cambridge
Massachusetts 02138

May 22, 1965

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Dr. Hynek:

The information which you requested regarding satellites with visual magnitudes of 3.0 or brighter is given below. All are orbiting as of this date. Many of the satellites launched in 1965, however, have magnitudes estimated from only a few observations, and thus for those objects, the magnitudes are to be considered less reliable.

[The rest of the document contains a table with columns for International Designation, Name, Spadats Number, and Maximum Magnitude, listing various satellites such as Fragment Sputnik 4, Midas 2, Echo 1, Rocket Courier 1B, and many others, with their corresponding details.]


- page 124 -

The document appears to be a data table with multiple columns of numerical data, covering entries from December 12-16, 1965. The columns include information such as location, time, longitude, latitude, and various other numerical measurements. The bottom right section of the page contains some text notes, including:

MODIFIED ORBITAL ELEMENTS FOR EARTH SATELLITES
AVERAGE TIME: 100.5 MIN
INCLINATION 51.6°
ASCENDING NODE (LONG) 287.24 DEG. WEST
PERIGEE SWEEP INTERVAL ONE DAY
ARGUMENT OF PERIGEE 90.0 DEG.
ANOMALISTIC PERIOD 100.005 MIN.
RATE OF CHANGE 0.0536 DEG. PER PERIOD
ECCENTRICITY 0.0214
RADIUS OF PERIGEE 4,163.3 MILES
RADIUS OF APOGEE 4,249.3 MILES
RATE OF CHANGE 0.5% MILES PER DAY
ASCENDING NODE CHANGE 0.0536 DEG.
RATE OF CHANGE 0.0536 DEG. PER DAY
LATITUDE OF PERIGEE 51.6 DEG.
LEAD IN EXPECTED WEATHER 12-17-65


- page 125 -

SMITHSONIAN ASTROPHYSICAL OBSERVATORY, CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS

DECEMBER 1, 1965

SATELLITE 1966 4A, NORAD 11

These predictions are based on orbital elements revised on November 29, 1965
T = December 20.0, time in days, 0.0
Argument of perigee = 266.4 - 2.0465 (t-t0)
Right ascension of ascending node = 290.0840 - 0.2361616 (t-t0)

The document contains multiple tables with columns for:
- Equation
- Satellite
- Time (UT)
- Lat.
- Long.
- Cor.
- Various coordinate and tracking data

The tables cover satellite tracking data for multiple dates in December 1965 (December 9, 10, 11, and 12), with detailed numerical entries for each time point.

At the bottom of each section, there are entries labeled "SHARON (SITE LOG, NO. -)" and numerical data.

The document appears to be a technical satellite tracking and orbital prediction report from the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory.


- page 126 -

