Text found in the document:

Sub-Committee Hearing - March 1966

RETURN TO
USAF Historical Archives
ASI/ASHAF-A
Maxwell AFB, Ala 36112

7-3745 -395
1003853


- page 1 -

Doctor J. Allen Hynek who is the Chairman of the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University is the scientific consultant to Project Blue Book. He has indicated a willingness to work with such a panel in order to place this problem in its proper perspective.

Doctor Hynek has discussed this problem with Doctor Winston R. Markey, the former Air Force Chief Scientist.

E. B. LeBailly
Major General, USAF
Director of Information

2 Attachments
1. Blue Book Report
2. AFR 200-2

7


- page 2 -

AD HOC COMMITTEE ON
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFOs)

AGENDA

Thursday, 3 February 1966

0800    Welcoming Remarks                Commander or
                                        Vice Commander, FTD

0805    Introduction                    Dr. O'Brien, SAB

0810    The Air Force Problem           Lt Col Spaulding,
                                        SAFOI

0830    Briefing on Project             Major Quintanilla,
         Blue Book                      FTD

1000    Break

1015    Review of Selected              FTD Staff
         Case Histories

1145    Lunch

1315    Executive and Writing
         Session

22 December 1965

8


- page 3 -

SPECIAL
REPORT OF THE USAF SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD
AD HOC COMMITTEE TO REVIEW PROJECT "BLUE BOOK"

DISTRIBUTION

                                                        SYMBOL    COPIES

Secretary of the Air Force Office of Information     SAFOI      25

Military Director, DCS/R&D                           AFRDC      1

Committee Members (1 each)                                      6
Dr. Brian O'Brien (Chairman)
Dr. Launor F. Carter
Mr. Jesse Orlansky
Dr. Richard Porter
Dr. Carl Sagan
Dr. Willis H. Ware

Commander, Foreign Technology Division                SCF       5

DCS/Foreign Technology (AFSC)                         SCF       2

Chairman, SAB                                         AFBSA     1

SAB Secretariat                                       AFBSA     1

9


- page 4 -

Meeting statistics bearing on this
report including all times, dates,
places, a listing of persons in
attendance and purposes thereof,
together with their affiliations
and material reviewed and discussed,
are available in the SAB Secretariat
offices for review by authorized
persons or agencies.

APPROVED BY:

HAROLD A. STEINER, Lt Colonel, USAF
Assistant Secretary
USAF Scientific Advisory Board

10


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

WASH. POST, SUN, MARCH 27, 1966

Don't Sneer at UFOs
By Roscoe Drummond

YOU CAN'T close a case of the unidentified on the basis of a hunch or a may-be sighting. There are, of course, UFO buffs who want to wish away the facts and the scientific evidence.

But Air Force officials are right to track up the public's curiosity and to hold out the hope that they have the impression that something more than routine is going on.

Let's get leave the search for more knowledge to those who tend to do diligent every UFO as unidentified.

The time has come for the Pentagon or Congress to name an objective and realistic panel to make an appraisal and report on all available evidence of what is going on.

Last week, more than 100 trained observers reported UFO sightings in seven states, from Maine to Texas to Colorado.

Last year, Project Blue Book recorded 1,000 reports of UFO sightings in some parts of UFO sightings.

During the past ten years, the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, a private group, has held a series of conferences. A private pilot, Academy Marine Corps pilot, and several other witnesses have gone public.

During the past ten years, the NICAP reports and says that 1,500 of them can pretty substantially and meaningfully be explained.

The Air Force totals 10,137 UFO reports, and makes that 66 of them remain unexplained by prevailing natural causes.

MAYBE ALL OF these reports are hoaxes, or cats, imaginary or unreal. But we need a more credible and detached appraisal of the evidence than we are getting.

One fact about UFOs gives me pause. There have been no really convincing reports of creatures being seen getting off from one planet to another. But this does not rule out the possibility.

I would like to see someone from outer space, to this extent: I would like to make a breakthrough in our knowledge of what could be happening.

We need to get at the data drawn together in one place and examined far more objectively than anyone has done so far. A sober public opinion will come from a trustworthy look at the evidence, not from heightline.


- page 6 -

Evening Star, Wash. - Friday, March 25, 1966

Deputy Sheriff 'Shots' a UFO Over Michigan

ANN ARBOR, Mich. (AP)—A Michigan deputy sheriff said an unidentified flying object eight- old over Southern Michigan last week was trapped-on film and still another UFO was reported yesterday.

Deputy Sheriff David Fitzpatrick of Washtenaw (Ann Arbor) County took the photographs with a tiny camera roughly the size of a man's two forefingers held together.

Photos were delayed because the way film had to be sent to Forest Hills, N.Y., for development.

The new sighting of an unidentified flying object near Howell, Mich., came from both Mr. and Mrs. Robert Nichols, who live across Michigan's Southern Lower Peninsula near Brighton.

Nichols, 21, said the object hovered about half his size or roughly that given by several of (6 feet) in diameter. He and Sheriff's Sgt. N. K. Fitzpatrick described it as a brilliant yellow-white.

The two unidentified objects photographed over Dexter, Mich.

distinct scales of light in the sky high above ground level. Parking lot lights were ruled out. None of the objects are visible in the photographs blown up to 5 by 13 inches from the tiny film.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, a Northwestern University astrophysicist, was not here by the Air Force to investigate recent results.

He has scheduled a news conference in Detroit today to discuss his probe.

Marshals, sources of many reported flying eye-witness accounts with too many gaps, were not available. Northwestern Ohio sheriff's deputies told of similar sightings in the past few days.

The photographs show two such before they arrived.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Detroit News, W.O. March 23, 1966

Photo Adds New Wrinkle to Saucers

By DOUGLAS BRADFORD (text partially illegible)

While Air Force officials probed through (rest of first paragraph partially illegible)

(The rest of the text is partially obscured and difficult to fully read, but the headline and beginning of the article are clear. The article appears to be about a photograph of an unidentified flying object, with the subtitle "Photo Adds New Wrinkle to Saucers")

The text contains some legibility issues, with parts of the document being difficult to read completely. The document seems to be a newspaper article from the Detroit News dated March 23, 1966, discussing a UFO photograph.


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

GRAND RAPIDS PRESS (MICH.), TUES., MARCH 22, 1966

State Flying Object Reports
Bring Plea for Federal Sift
ANN ARBOR (AP)—A Mich-
igan congressman planned Tues-
day to ask the Defense Depart-
ment to investigate reports of
unidentified flying objects sight-
ed near Ann Arbor.

U.S. Rep. Weston Vivian, D-
Mich., left for Washington, D.C.
Monday after examining with
Sheriff Douglas J. Harvey of
Washtenaw County UFO reports
that also planned to talk with
the U.S. Air Force.

Three times within a recent
period of the nearly complete
number of Detroit area reported
sightings objects flying in the
night sky.

"I didn't believe these re-
ports," said Harvey. "But with
so many trained police persons
and so reliable citizens having
seen them, I must believe some-
thing is in the Washtenaw Coun-
ty skies."

And Tuesday, the Hillsdale
County Civil Defense director
and St. college coeds said they
watched an eerie, hovering fly-
ing object settle in a swampy
hollow near a school dormitory
Monday night.

William Vanhorn, 41, the coun-

Frank Manner, Son Describe UFO

ty Civil Defense director for 10 to investigate the rash of sight-
years, said he watched the ob- ings said it will work from Sgt.
ject through flying from South Pete A. Pore's base at Mount
Clemons, the Air Force said Clemens.
in Hillsdale, Vanhorn said he The Air Force said it will con-
pointed an observation at North- tinue its investigation of the re-
west Observatory at Northwest- ports, and their authenticity, ac-
ern University. Examined. It cording to Sgt. Pore, who is
was calling Dr. H. Allen Hynek, working out of the Mount Cle-
chairman of the Dearborn Ob- mens base.
servatory at Northwestern Uni- (Continued on page 1, column 1)
versity. Examined. It was a
scientific consultant to the Air
Force UFO study program.


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

NEW YORK TIMES, TUES., MAR. 22, 1966

40 in Michigan Say
A Mysterious Craft
Hovered in Swamp

ANN ARBOR, Mich., March 21 (UPI)—At least 40 persons, including 12 policemen, said today that they saw a strange flying object last Friday over sister ships last in a swamp near here last Saturday night.

Description of the unidentified flying object coincided more or less with a report from Northwestern University's Dr. H. Allen Hynek, its scientific adviser on unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The Air Force, which sent two persons to Hillsdale College, where a former reporter and a resident dean, and 17 coeds last weekend watched the flying object dipping ground campus for four hours.

This report coincided with the report Ann Arbor, where about 50 persons — including 12 policemen — said they saw an eerie object cruise over a swamp Sunday night while four sister ships hovered overhead.

In Berrien County, Air Force Col. Howard T. Wright, of 819 Newport Ave., said he and five other persons saw several objects cruise home and they were "definitely not in my imagination," as were they satellites or airplanes.

First UFOs
Of Season
Are Sighted

87 Michigan Coeds
end Official Sight
Mysterious Object

HILLSDALE, Mich., March 21 (UPI)—A civil defense director as a consultant and a Northwestern University professor today said a large object hovered over the Hillsdale College campus last night.

Their description of the object was similar to reports closely with that of one seen by about 50 persons near Ann Arbor. The Air Force dispatched its intelligence adviser to begin an investigation.

The witnesses said the object was definitely some kind of vehicle. Mr. Van Horn said through the press, "It was either some kind of vehicle or a very bright light."

The object was described as untlined by lightning as it moved over an area near the dormitory before retreating into the swamp. Miss Reha said, "It stayed there for four hours before we went away."

(Rest of text continues but becomes partially illegible towards the bottom of the page)


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

West Post 3-29-66

Truth About Flying Objects Hidden by AF, Faithful Say

By Howard Simons
Washington Post Staff Writer

Firm believers that unidentified flying objects are real and from a far-off supercivilization met the press yesterday amid a torrent of reports about new objects being sighted every where, U.S.A.

The believers repeatedly charged the Air Force with deliberately hiding truth, which if it were known "would bring forth one of the greatest stories of the century."

The believers also "fully backed" Rep. Gerald Ford (R-Mich) who wants a Congressional investigation of unidentified objects which have lately plagued his home state.

But most of all, the believers want to be believed and loved.

"We want the Air Force merely to end its secrecy on sightings and stop ridiculing people with witnesses," said retired Marine Corps Major Donald F. Keyhoe, a UFO skeptic until his conversion to the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena, an organization whose major aim to evaluate all UFO sightings, according to the Air Force to turn up to the "truth," and to expose UFO chartlans who keep secret "little green men."

Keyhoe and his colleagues, including scientists, engineers, military personnel and pilots, scorn the thought of "little green men."

Had a visitor from afar ever set foot on the earth? UFOs were asked. There was only one case suggesting so, said Committee staff member Donald Keyhoe. That was a newsman Donald Berliner who interviewed a April 1964 near Socorro, N.M., where police officers saw two small audit occupants.

"They could be sure there were not green," "We have no reason to believe they were green," was the Committee's case for believing that UFOs are for real was put to the press by Keyhoe. It amounted to an argument that thousands of competent persons—including radar controllers, qualified pilots and missile trackers—had sighted objects, roughly 100,000 persons in all.

The Air Force, which has been investigating UFO reports since 1948, has steadfastly maintained there is no evidence any flying objects have been from somewhere else in the universe.

Keyhoe's view, shared by the Committee's board of governors, is radically different. The Committee, he concludes, believes these sightings are real and must be extraterrestrial because they are superior to anything we have.

According to Keyhoe, UFOs have been hovering over the earth for 200 years. He gave two reasons, essentially, for why no contact has been made: one is that perhaps it is that pilots the UFOs. Once more, that the Air Force has orders to scare the UFOs away.

A second reason is that until humans demonstrated flight and space travel, the UFO people regarded earth as too primitive a society to bother with other than for surveillance purpose.


- page 11 -

SPECIAL
REPORT OF THE
USAF SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD
AD HOC COMMITTEE TO REVIEW
PROJECT "BLUE BOOK"
MARCH 1966


- page 12 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W.
Washington, D.C., 20036
Phone: NO 7-9434

Director: Maj. Donald E. Keyhoe (USMC, Ret.)
Ass't. Director: Mr. Richard H. Hall

NICAP POSITION PAPER

GOALS, AIMS, PROGRAM: The basic NICAP goals are to gather, evaluate and disseminate reliable information about UFOs, and ultimately to bring about a full scientific investigation, making use of instruments and the full resources of the scientific community.

Policies and methods are established by a Board of Governors (see list) and implemented by the executive staff.

To achieve the goal of scientific investigation, NICAP has:
(a) Established field investigation units and Affiliates across the country;

(b) Obtained the volunteer services of scientists and other qualified specialists to assist in investigations and evaluations in the U.S. and foreign countries;

(c) Made materials available to Congress and the press;

(d) Urged a Congressional inquiry;

(e) Published our findings and evidence in the "UFO Evidence", a documentary report of over 200,000 words.

OFFICIAL NICAP POSITION ON:

Interplanetary UFOs --- The idea that UFOs may be extraterrestrial in origin is considered a reasonable hypothesis worthy of the most urgent consideration. Furthermore, it is the opinion of many individuals associated with NICAP that this is the most likely explanation of UFOs. However, all theories have been and will continue to be carefully considered.

(more)


- page 13 -

(position paper 22222)

All UFOs --- There is no doubt that many sincere persons are deceived by conventional objects such as large research balloons, fireballs and bright planets. But hundreds of extremely well-qualified observers have reported unknown objects, flying singly or in formations, and maneuvering under intelligent control, which no conventional answers can explain. These "unknowns" (USAF term) show definite patterns of appearance and performance. The observers on record include pilots of all the Armed Services and all major airlines, FAA and military control tower operators and radarmen, missile and rocket trackers, government and civilian scientists and engineers, and similarly competent and reliable witnesses in many foreign countries.

The USAF and Project Blue Book --- Our opinion that the U.S. Air Force has practiced excessive secrecy and has withheld significant UFO facts from the public is confirmed by members of the USAF (reserve or retired) on NICAP's Board of Governors and Panel of Technical Advisors. We have also documented the secrecy during our nine years of investigating and evaluating UFO reports. But our criticism is directed at the official secrecy policy, which may be set at a higher level. We realize that Project Blue Book and USAF HQ spokesmen are under orders to explain away UFO sightings and deny UFO reality.

Contactees --- We have investigated numerous claims of individuals who say they have taken trips in spaceships with noble beings from other planets. We have not found a single bit of evidence to back up any of these claims, but we have found frequent evidences of fraud. Because of their circus-like performances, they often have received excessive publicity, and their sensational statements tend to cover up serious facts and substantial reports from reputable persons.


- page 14 -

NICAP BACKGROUND
(1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W., Washington, D.C. 20036)

NICAP--the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena--is the only full-time private organization investigating UFOs in the United States.

It was founded in 1956 to fill the need for an independent agency which could conduct research openly and seriously on a subject which was bogged down in official secrecy, public ridicule and the baseless wild tales of publicity seekers.

Among NICAP's more than 7500 members are over 300 professional scientists and engineers, at least 200 professional pilots, active and retired military officers, doctors, lawyers, businessmen, and other professional persons.

NICAP's operations involve:
1. Collecting data on UFO sightings;
2. Investigating the most promising cases through 25 Subcommittees composed of technically-trained volunteers throughout the country;
3. Analyzing and evaluating this data with the help of a Panel of Advisers--specialists in many branches of science and engineering;
4. Making the significant data available to the scientific community, Government and the press.

Maj. Donald E. Keyhoe, USMC (Ret.) was appointed NICAP Director in 1957, and Richard Hall was appointed his assistant in 1958.

In 1964, NICAP submitted its "UFO Evidence" report to Congress. This thoroughly-documented 200,000 word report is an analysis of investigations through 1963, containing data on the best 750 UFO cases selected from more than 5,000 in NICAP's files. More than 10,000 copies are now in the hands of scientific research organizations, government agencies, universities, military installations and libraries.


- page 15 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Ave., N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20036

Maj. Donald E. Keyhoe, USMC (Ret.) -- Director
Mr. Richard H. Hall, Assistant Director

BOARD OF GOVERNORS

DR. MARCUS BACH; State University of Iowa, School of Religion. Author and playwright, member American Academy of Political and Social Sciences. PhD University of Iowa (1942).

REV. ALBERT H. BALLER; Congregational Minister, Clinton, Mass. Author of children's books, graduate Nebraska Wesleyan University and Boston University School of Theology.

COLONEL J. BRYAN III, USAFR (Ret.); Writer and Author, Richmond, Va. Former special assistant to Secretary of Air Force (1952-53), assigned to staff of Gen. Lauris Norstad, NATO (1959), editorial staff of national magazines.

MR. FRANK EDWARDS; Radio-television commentator and author. Former news analyst on Mutual Broadcasting System. Recipient of VFW and Amvets Service Award.

COLONEL ROBERT EMERSON, USAR; Research chemist, Emerson Testing Laboratory, Baton Rouge, La. Member American Chemical Society Speaker's Bureau, graduate Chemical Warfare School, Edgewood Arsenal, General Staff College (Ft. Leavenworth), and other military schools.

MR. J.B. HARTRANFT, JR.; President, Aircraft Owners & Pilots Assoc., Wash., D.C. Former Army Air Corps Lt. Col., founder of U.S. Air Guard (now Civil Air Patrol), graduate University of Pa.

DR. LESLIE K. KAEBURN; Emeritus Prof. of Medicine, Biophysicist, Univ. of Southern Calif., PhD (Engineering Physics), Univ. of London. Fellow, Institute of Physics & Physical Society of London. Research & consultant in bio-medical electronics.

REAR ADM. H.B. KNOWLES, USN (Ret.); Eliot Maine. Veteran of both World War I & World War II. Held important submarine commands. Graduate U.S. Naval Academy (1917).

PROF. CHARLES A. MANEY; Emeritus Prof. of Physics, Defiance College, Defiance, Ohio. Author of Atoms For Peace proposal now on file in National Archives, U.S. Univ. of Chicago (1915), astrophysics, additional graduate work Universities of Michigan & Kentucky.

DR. CHARLES P. OLIVIER; President American Meteor Society, Narberth, Pa. Prof. emeritus of astronomy, Univ. of Pa. Former Director of Flower & Cook Observatory. Contributor to Encyclopedia Britannica & Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory reports on meteors.

DR. BRUCE A. ROGERS; Emeritus Prof. of Mechanical Engineering, A & M College of Texas. PhD (Physics and Metallurgy), Harvard Univ.; M.S. (Physics), Univ. of Chicago. Member, American Nuclear Society; American Institute of Mining, Metallurgy, and Petroleum Engineering; and Electrochemical Society.


- page 16 -

ADVISERS LIST

I. Science & Technology
Dr. James C. Bartlett, Jr., astronomy, Baltimore, Maryland
Mr. Norman S. Bean, engineer, WTVJ, Miami, Florida
Mr. Robert Beck, Pres., Color Control Company, Hollywood, California
Mr. Jack Brotzman; physics, Naval Research Lab, Washington, D.C.
Dr. Hugh S. Brown, diagnostician & heart specialist, Spokane, Washington
Mr. A.A. Cochran, electronics engineer, Alexandria, Virginia
Dr. F.P. Cranston, Jr., assoc. professor of physics, Humboldt State College, California
Dr. Fred C. Fair, prof. emeritus of engineering, N.Y. University
Dr. Robert L. Hall, social psychology, Natl. Science Foundation, Wash., DC
Mr. William H. Hall, electronics technician, Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Maryland
Mr. Frank Halstead, astronomy, Duluth, Minnesota
Mr. Leon B. Katchen, atmospheric physicist, Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Maryland
Professor N.K. Kohanowski, geology, University of North Dakota
Dr. Milton Koehler, prof. of mathematics, University of Minnesota
Dr. Hagoroh Maruyama, Anthropologist, Stanford University, California
Mr. Delbert C. Newhouse, aviation photography, California
Miss Susan Quinn, M.S., Psychology, Director of Pan American Schools, Richmond, Virginia
Mr. Ralph Rankow, photography, New York, N.Y.
Mr. Frank G. Rawlinson, physics, NASA Space Flight Center, Maryland
Mr. J.R. Riess, research engineer, Lakewood, Ohio
Mr. Arthur H. Sorensen, research geologist, Wallace Idaho
Mr. Kenneth Steinmetz, astronomy, Denver, Colorado
Mr. Walter N. Webb, astronomy, Chas. Hayden Planetarium, Massachusetts

II. Aeronautics & Space
Mr. Don Berliner, aviation writer, Washington, D.C.
Captain C.S. Chiles, Eastern Airlines, New York, N.Y.
Mr. George W. Earley, admin. engineer, major aerospace firm, Connecticut
Mr. Samuel Freeman, past pres., Natl. Aviation Trades Assoc., Bedminster, New Jersey
Mr. Loftan Gerla, aviation ordnance, Jamaica, N.Y.
Captain R.B. McLaughlin, USN, missile expert, California
Major John F. Holcomb, USAF, pilot, Jacksonville, Florida
Captain William B. Nash, Pan American Airways, Germany
Mr. W.B. Peters, former First Officer, Pan American, Florida
Mr. L.D. Sheridan, Jr., former-USMC pilot, Ponte Verda, Florida
Lt. Col. Howard C. Strand, A.I.G. command pilot, Michigan

III. News & Public Relations
Mr. James C. Beatty, former ground observer corps official, Puerto Rico
Mr. Joe Corbin, Chief, WFBR News Bureau, Baltimore, Maryland
Mr. Lee R. Lumsick, news and radio, Morristown, New Jersey
Mr. Leonard H. Stringfield, public relations, Cincinnati, Ohio
Mr. George Todd, columnist, Los Angeles Examiner, California


- page 17 -

SUMMARY OF CURRENT UFO SIGHTING WAVE

The current wave of UFO sightings can be traced back, almost without interruption, to July, 1965. Sightings were reported from every continent during July and then moved to the U.S. in August.

Highlights included photographs taken Aug. 3 in Santa Ana, Calif., and Aug. 8 in Beaver Co., Pa.; the Sept. 3 police sightings in Exeter, N.H. and in Damon, Tex. (both of which are officially listed as "unexplained" by the USAF).

Activity began to pick up in January of this year, following a brief lull. Large numbers of reports came in from New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania. Throughout this entire period, UFOs have been reported by many persons in eastern Oklahoma.

The March, 1966, sighting wave began about three weeks ago:

March 8, Chesterton, Ind. --- oblong UFO hovered over service station for 4-5 minutes. Appeared silver, with four projections on top.

March 11, Ringwood, N.J. --- Mother Superior of convent saw bright UFO over abandoned mines. Distant light flashed as if signalling.

March 13, Black River Falls, Wis. --- several persons saw UFOs with bright green lights, heard strange beeping sound.

March 14, Southport, Conn. --- three persons saw UFO with domed top and row of red lights pacing their car, then land in front of them.

March 17, Ann Arbor, Mich. --- police saw three UFOs with green and white lights, one of which looked like a top and hovered and maneuvered for three hours.

March 17, Grand Rapids, Mich. --- several persons saw a large, oval UFO with a row of lights or portholes, which made a humming sound.

(more)


- page 18 -

(summary 22222)

March 19, LaPorte, Ind. --- spherical UFO with X-shaped "antenna" followed car with swerving motion. Light from UFO glared on car hood.

March 19, Bethesda, Md. --- retired USAF Col. saw light move straight, stop, accelerate, then move on to be joined by second light.

March 20, Dexter, Mich. --- Disc-like object with rough surface, body lights hovered for long period. Police saw antenna-like projections on bottom, oval shape.

March 21, Hillsdale, Mich. --- County CD Director, dean and 87 coeds saw round or oval object hovering and moving 1500 yards away for 3 hours.

March 23, Key West, Fla. --- many persons saw several disc-shaped UFOs with lights flickering around rims streak over, stop, streak away.

March 23, Trinidad, Colo. --- two shiny oval objects with domed tops, flat bottoms reported flying in-line above a mountain ridge.

March 23, Joppa, Ill. --- dozen persons saw oblong UFO with bright light in middle, surrounded by smaller lights.

March 24, Hillsdale, Mich. --- train crew watched UFO pace train, pull ahead, hover, then climb.

March 25, Upper Sandusky, Ohio --- top-shaped object hovered over area. UFO had lights on its outer edges.

March 25, Baraboo, Wis. --- red object hovered, maneuvered above farmhouse.

March 25n Ann Arbor, Mich. --- several engineers saw bright red object fly erratically, drop into woods and fly 10' above ground. Size estimated as 30' diameter, 6' height.

March 28, Columbus, Ga. --- glowing, oblong object seen visually and tracked on radar as it maneuvered high in the sky this morning.

# # #


- page 19 -

BIOGRAPHICAL DATA ON NICAP PRESS CONFERENCE PARTICIPANTS

MAJ. DONALD E. KEYHOE (USMC, Ret.) --- Director of NICAP
Graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy (and of Pensacola Naval Air Station Flying School). Former Marine Corps airplane and balloon pilot. Former Chief of Information for the Aviation Branch of the Department of Commerce. Former editor for the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey. Manager of North Pole airplane tour with Floyd Bennett; aide to Col. Charles A. Lindbergh. Author, lecturer, free-lance writer. NICAP Director since 1957.

DR. LESLIE K. KASBURN --- Member, NICAP Board of Governors
Biophysicist. Emeritus member of the faculty of the University of California School of Medicine. Ph. D. in Engineering Physics from University of London. Fellow of the Institute of Physics and of the Physical Society of London. Established and headed the Bio-Medical Electronics Laboratory of the University of California. Major studies including implantation of telemetering EKG apparatus in dogs for space research, and on elasticity of the aortic wall. Has also done work on inertial navigation, astro-physics and nuclear physics.

MR. RICHARD H. HALL --- Assistant Director of NICAP
Graduate of Tulane University, 1958 (B.A. in Philosophy). Eight years with NICAP as Associate Editor of the "UFO Investigator" and Assistant Director. Wrote and edited "UFO Evidence", the 200,000-word documentary report to Congress in 1964. Established and supervises NICAP investigation network, and maintains liaison with consultants and specialists.

(more)


- page 20 -

(biographical 22222)

MR. J. B. HARTRANFT --- Member, NICAP Board of Governors
President, Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association. Member, Executive
Committee, Radio Technical Commission of Aeronautics. Member, Board
of Directors, Bates Foundation for Aeronautical Education. Recipient,
1966 Award for Achievement of the National Aviation Club.

MR. WILLIAM H. HALL --- Member, NICAP Panel of Special Advisors
RCA Field Engineer, currently working on the Nimbus Project at NASA's
Goddard Space Flight Center. More than 10 years experience in radar,
communications systems, jet fighter fire control systems and general
electronics.

MR. DONALD BERLINER --- Member, NICAP Headquarters Staff
Former newspaper reporter/photographer. Contributing editor, Air
Progress magazine. U.S. correspondent, Flight International. NICAP
Special Advisor and staff member since 1962.


- page 21 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 Connecticut Ave., Washington, D.C. 20036
Maj. Donald E. Keyhoe (USMC, Ret.), Director

For Release -- 4 p.m. EST, Monday, March 28, 1966

NICAP URGES PROBE OF NEW UFO SIGHTING WAVE

The National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP) today urged the Government to establish a nationwide tracking network and make public the recorded UFO speeds, shapes and maneuvers.

NICAP also urged an end to official secrecy, and fully backed the demand for a Congressional investigation by Rep. Gerald Ford (R., Mich.).

According to the Air Force, NICAP stated, over 200 military and airline pilots who have reported UFO encounters, are incompetent or deluded. In the same way, NICAP said at a Washington press conference, hundreds of military and FAA traffic controllers and radarmen, rocket and missile trackers have been ridiculed. In addition, thousands of other competent citizens -- lawyers, doctors, corporation heads, editors, reporters, newscasters -- have been openly belittled after making UFO sightings public.

The Air Force "swamp gas" explanation for unknown flying objects seen at Dexter and Hillsdale, Mich., were rejected by NICAP and by the witnesses involved. There have been press reports that the AF's No. 1 consultant, Dr. J. Allen Hynek, was ordered to release this explanation, and Hynek has admitted that he "could not prove it." (Dr. Hynek has since denied that he was pressured.)

The new wave has spread to Colorado, Maryland, Georgia and other states. Near Albany, N.Y., a low-flying UFO was reported to have chased a car.

(more)


- page 22 -

SPECIAL
REPORT OF THE
USAF SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD
AD HOC COMMITTEE TO REVIEW
PROJECT "BLUE BOOK"

MARCH 1966

MEMBERS PARTICIPATING

Dr. Brian O'Brien (Chairman)
Dr. Launor F. Carter
Mr. Jesse Orlansky
Dr. Richard Porter
Dr. Carl Sagan
Dr. Willis H. Ware

SAB SECRETARIAT

Lt Col Harold A. Steiner

Reproduction of this document in whole or in
part is prohibited except with the permission
of the office of origin.


- page 23 -

Here is the text from the document:

(NICAP Urges 22222)

Near Ann Arbor, Mich., a disc-shaped UFO, estimated at 30 feet in diameter, 6 feet thick, was reported on March 26 by William Kartlick, a Research Associate at the University of Michigan working on a NASA project; Robert Amiok, electronics technician, and Emile Grenier, a Ford Motor Co. electrical engineer. Grenier said the UFO emitted a brilliant red light. After several maneuvers, it descended to about 10 feet and flew parallel with a road for several moments.

Over 8,000 UFO sightings are on record at NICAP, including verified reports by hundreds of veteran pilots, astronomers, tower operators and other qualified observers in the U.S. and abroad.

These include detailed daytime encounters with disc-shaped objects, maneuvering singly or in formations, at speeds far surpassing any known aircraft or missile operating in our atmosphere. Evaluation by NICAP has shown definite shapes, patterns and maneuvers, indicating that the unknown objects are operating under intelligent control.

Some of these encounters, especially recent close approaches and "touch landings" have been at extremely close range.

"Either all these witnesses are mistaken or deluded," states NICAP, "or else the UFOs reported by competent observers are real, and the facts are being officially denied and concealed."

A number of USAF officers in NICAP, including Col. Joseph Bryan III, USAFR, and Maj. John McLeod, USAFR, have fully confirmed the official secrecy. Col. Bryan, NICAP Board member, has also stated he knows of hundreds of UFO sightings be reliable observers, many confirmed by radar, proving the objects are far superior to anything known on earth.

"These UFOs are extraterrestrial devices observing the earth," Col. Bryan has stated, "The secrecy is wrong and dangerous."

(more)


- page 24 -

(JAGAF) 35333)

NICAP emphasizes it is not attacking USAF UFO spokesmen. "We realize they are under strict orders to explain away sightings and deny that UFOs exist, even though some of the attempted explanations seem ridiculous."

"Dangers from official secrecy are increasing," says NICAP. "Several times, airline captains have had to maneuver violently to avoid collisions with UFOs, resulting in passenger injuries. There is a growing risk of accidental war from mistaking UFO formations for a secret enemy attack.

"We recommend all UFO secrecy be ended, except for classified radar, aircraft speeds and similar points. We urge that the USAF tell all pilots what to do if they encounter a UFO -- whether to land, put out their lights, fly straight, or radio for jets."

In a direct statement to NICAP, House Minority Leader Gerald Ford says he could see nothing but benefit from an honest, forthright Congressional investigation. "If the Air Force is right, it will clear up the problem. If they are wrong, they should be criticized."

NICAP agrees that the time has come to stop withholding the truth about UFOs from American citizens.

# # #


- page 25 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

WASHINGTON STAR
29 MARCH 66(30)P-3

Viet Nam War
Stirs Regrets
Of Mrs Gandhi
Prime Minister Indira Gandhi
of India said today she was
impressed with the sincerity"
President Johnson's desire for
peace in Viet Nam.

In a wide-ranging speech pre-
pared for delivery at the National Press Club, Mrs. Gandhi
went about as far as a realist
leader could go in supporting
U.S. efforts to start negotiations.

She said the world's most
powerful nation had tried a
peaceful solution had
failed that force had been
used and various efforts, she said
India is chairman of the International Control Commission set up to supervise
the 1954 Geneva Agreement.

Mentions Geneva

Mrs. Gandhi said a new
Geneva conference "could offer
a way out and might yet provide
the machinery for a return to
the political conference" where
the Communist side has rejected
Western and non-allied efforts
to hold a new Geneva conference.

Adds, Gandhi, while stressing
India's own economic and social problems, also discussed
her own international difficulties with Red China and Pakistan.

She called for a "visible alternative" and suggested that Indian can be the
"Asian alternative, an alternative model for economic and
social change, a democratic
socialist model."

Sees Reds Challenge

"It is by its efforts to develop
in democratic socialism that India poses the most serious challenge to China," she said. "It is
by its efforts to develop a stable, democratic and prosperous India will by itself be
a force for peace and stability."

PHILA. INQ. 2/30/66
Thailand Gets U.S. Jets
BANGKOK, Thailand, March
29 (Reuters).—The United States
has delivered an undisclosed
number of F-5 jet fighter planes
to Thailand, according to the
Thai Air Force chief, Air Chief
Marshal Bunehong Chanda.

CHICAGO TRIBUNE
30 MARCH 66 P-2

WAR ACTIVITY
AGAIN ENGULFS
LITTLE GUAM
(N.Y. Times News Service)

AGANA, Guam, March 29.—
War activity again is engulfing
United States territory of
Guam. This is directly involved in a war zone.

The roar of 352 bombers
pound for sound as Nam from
Andersen air base, 10 flying
miles north of Agana, reminds
the 50,000 or so inhabitants
that the small island is the
only American territory serving as a direct, operational
base in the Vietnamese conflict.

The big night-required jets
from Andersen field to
South Vietnam drop their
bombs and return without
a halt of more proud of involvement.

Chamorro-speaking
people of the island pride to
be called, are proud of their
involvement in Viet Nam. Any
apprehension is faced with the
same stoic bravery that they
displayed in World War II.

The Guamanian director
of civil defense, Leon Guerrero, said the Guamanian boys
are a single demonstration of
human guts in administrating the war effort.

The people of Guam give a
hero's turn to their Guamanian boys killed in the service with the United States forces in South Viet Nam and a
junior chamber of commerce
group here is planning a Viet Nam was overshaded
by its part in the first day
of the war.

Haven't Forgotten Fighting

However, Guamanians have
not forgotten that this island
was United States naval base
since shortly after its capture
from Spain in 1898. was the
first United States territory
(all to the Japanese in World
War II. Agana, the capital, was
reduced virtually to rubble
when the American forces occupied the Japanese 3½ years later.

The new horizons of war
broadened by advanced technology have made Guam
more rather than less vulnerable to attack in any future
conflict with super-weapons.

Besides being the western
Pacific base of the U.S. Strategic Air Command, which
includes the B-52's, Guam also
serves the United States submarine capability with the Polaris missile in the Pacific. A
Russian vessel, ostensibly a
trawler but bristling with electronic gear, keeps a constant

N.Y. JOURNAL AMERICAN

Mar 66 P-1 (30)*

Where Sky 'Thing' Landed-
'Circular' Mark on Earth
By MORT YOUNG
Staff Writer

The officer in charge of the Air Force Project
investigating unidentified flying objects today said that
"swamp gas" explanation for sightings in Michigan
could not satisfy anybody.

Maj. Hector Quintanilla, in charge of Project
Blue Book, located at Wright-Patterson Air Base in
Ohio, said the sightings were "unexplained" and that
the Air Force investigation was not yet completed.

Maj. Quintanilla also said
that the sightings were made
by witnesses of "high reliability" including a police
officer, a civil defense director, a deputy sheriff and
an Allen Hynek associate.

But Dr. Van Horn said he
had been given the "swamp
gas" explanation Thursday
afternoon.

Mr. Van Horn, who had
visited Hillsdale, a small
town 100 miles Southwest of
Detroit, to probe the sightings
of a UFO on Monday by a
group of students and a local
school official, police officer
and Mr. Van Horn.

MORE SIGHTINGS FOLLOWED

More UFO sightings were
reported in Hillsdale on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, police said.

Asked about the swamp gas
explanation, the major replied:
"How can it satisfy anybody?"

Told that the swamp gas
explanation was known to
Hillsdale residents as early as
Thursday afternoon, the major
said:

"How can anybody say Dr.
Hynek said that? Dr. Hynek
had not talked to a chemist
until Thursday night. He did
not make his final determination until Friday morning."

The chemist was from the University. He said if the UFO could have
been swamp gas.

"Just because somebody
makes a statement, that doesn't
make it a fact, does it?"

Maj. Quintanilla took
issue with the National Investigator, Commission into Aerial
Phenomena, whose director,
Dr. J. Allen Hynek (ret.),
held a press conference
in Washington yesterday to
mand a Congressional Inquiry
into UFO's and the Air Force's
handling of their investigation.

RECAP has long charged the
Air Force with suppression of
evidence and censorship in connection with UFO sightings.

To this charge, the major responded:

"Our files are open to any
accredited newsman or
anyone writing a book."

In the meantime, sightings of
UFO's have increased by less
and 1/4 under across the count-


- page 26 -

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO)

Air Force responsibilities on UFO:
- To determine if there is a threat to the national security.
- To determine whether UFO represents advanced technical or scientific information.

The Air Force activities:
- A completely unclassified program, called Project Bluebook, that has investigated over 10,200 reported sightings since 1947.

Procedures are reviewed continuously:
- September 1965-the Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) requested to review Air Force procedures on UFO's.
- March 1966-the SAB reported on its review of the investigations conducted by Aerint Phenomena Branch, Foreign Technology Division, Air Force Systems Command, Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.

Points emphasized by SAB:
- No threat to the security of the United States identified.
- Present Air Force program well organized.

SAB recommendations:
- Use a few selected universities for scientific depth in the investigation of UFO phenomena.
- Have an officer at each AFSC base skilled in investigation and available to assist the investigative teams.
- One university or not-for-profit organization should coordinate the effort of all of the teams.

The Air Force is examining SAB recommendations:
- Decision on implementation has not been made.

AFST
2 Apr 68


- page 27 -

Representative annual statistics (1965):
- 894 UTOs reported
- 764 positively identified
- 97 lacked sufficient data for conclusion as to nature of object
- 17 investigations still continuing or pending
- 16 remain unidentified (less than 2%)

Summary:
- Following conclusions are supported by extensive investigations and scientific knowledge:
- Nearly all UFO reports result from observation of natural or conventional objects under unusual conditions.
- No UFO has ever given any indication of threat to our national security.
- No UFO reported has shown technological developments or principles beyond bounds of present day scientific knowledge.
- No evidence has ever been presented that any UFO has been an extraterrestrial or interplanetary vehicle.


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

We've Had No Outer Space Guests, AF Secretary Tells Congressmen

WASHINGTON — (AP) — The secretary of the Air Force asserted a congressional committee today that no extraterrestrial being from outer space has ever been visited the Earth.

Dr. Harold Brown said alleged flying objects, reported in the last 10 years are mostly swamp gas, marsh gas, sightings in Michigan.

Marsh gases, pranks, planets, comets, meteors, fireballs and personal statements "over cause strange, bright objects seen flying" through the heavens, were cited by Brown to the Service Committee of the "Air Force has an open mind" and will continue to investigate all reports.

He said, too, he is "favorably considering" a suggestion that a civilian scientific panel be appointed to study some of the 616 sightings for which no scientific cause has been satisfactorily explained.

The formal hearing on UFOs was a mixture of humor and seriousness, with most members suggesting frank statements about the scientific phenomena.

"We're hiding nothing," Brown said.

"Most of the reports we get from various sources, honest people who are puzzled. You might call this a study in puzzlement."

Dr. J. Allen Hynek, scientific consultant to Project Blue Book, the Air Force's permanent UFO investigation unit, said many of the unexplained UFOs probably had a scientific explanation.

But at any rate, both he and Brown stoutly declared there is "no real evidence" of "extraterrestrial vehicles."

The Air Force scientific board has just furnished a detailed review of UFO sightings and concluded that the UFO phenomena presents no threat to the security of the United States.

The committee's public hearing on UFOs came after the flurry of strange lights reported around Hillsdale and Dexter, Mich., on March 20 and March 21.

Rep. Gerald B. Ford of Michigan, house Republican minority leader asked Chairman L. Mendel Rivers (D-SC) to investigate Brown and Gen. John P. McConnell, Air Force chief of staff to be ready to respond to questions when they inspect the $5 billion 1967 defense budget.

The budget session was postponed for the open UFO session.

Hynek said some of "certain young men playing pranks with flares" and other sightings near Michigan, Mich., he said, resulted from certain young men playing pranks with flares.


- page 29 -

House Foreign Affairs Committee
Hearing Transcript, 30 March 1966
Page 691, following line 19

INSERT FOR THE RECORD

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

Within the Department of Defense, the Air Force has the responsibility of investigating reports on unidentified flying objects and of evaluating any possible threat to our national security that such objects might pose. In carrying out this responsibility, the Air Force has been - and continues to be - both objective and thorough in its treatment of all received reports on unusual aerial objects over the United States. Under the name Project Blue Book, the Air Force carries out a 3-phase program to (1) make an initial investigation of each report received; (2) make a more detailed analysis of reports not explained in phase 1; and (3) disseminate information on sightings, evaluations, and statistics.

In addition to the Project Blue Book program, the Air Force is continuously reviewing its procedures, and changing them when new courses of action will permit them to do their job more effectively. In this particular area, they have focused the outstanding capabilities of their Scientific Advisory Board on the problems of unidentified flying objects. This capable group has just completed its examination of the problems and made its


- page 30 -

recommendations to the Air Force. These recommendations, currently under study, could lead to even stronger emphasis on the scientific aspects of investigating the relatively few sightings that warrant extensive analysis - perhaps 100 in a year.

Based on 10,147 reported sightings from 1947 through 1965 (attached), virtually all derived from subjective human observations and interpretations, the Air Force has succeeded in identifying 9,501. The most common of those identified are astronomical sightings that include such things as bright stars and planets, comets and meteors, and fireballs and auroral streamers. Other major sources of reported sightings include objects such as satellites, aircraft and balloons; and phenomena such as reflections, mirages and spurious radar indications.

In its evaluation of these sightings, the Air Force has used carefully selected, highly qualified scientists, engineers, technicians and consultants; and has available its laboratories, test centers, scientific instrumentation, and technical equipment for this purpose. Although the past 18 years of investigating unidentified flying objects have not identified any threat to our national security, or any evidence of extraterrestrial


- page 31 -

vehicles; the Air Force will continue to carry out its respon-
sibilities for identification and analyses of such phenomena
by investigating - objectively and with an open mind - all
sightings of unidentified flying objects.

A copy of the Air Force Report Project Blue Book (dated
1 February 1966), together with the Special Report of the USAF
Scientific Advisory Board Ad Hoc Committee to Review Project
"Blue Book" (dated March 1966), are included for the record.

Office of Origin: AFRDC
Action Officer: Lt Col Baroness
Date Prepared: 2 April 1966
Coordination: AFSS, AVSS, AWTG, AWTG
Approvals:


- page 32 -

SIGHTINGS OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS

YEAR    TOTAL SIGHTINGS    UNIDENTIFIED
1947    122                12
1948    156                7
1949    186                22
1950    210                27
1951    169                22
1952    1,501              303
1953    509                42
1954    487                46
1955    545                24
1956    670                14
1957    1,006              14
1958    627                10
1959    390                12
1960    557                14
1961    591                13
1962    474                15
1963    399                14
1964    562                19
1965    886                16

10,147               646


- page 33 -

TABLE OF CONTENTS

I.    Introduction                                   1

II.   Discussion                                    1

III.  Conclusions and Recommendations               2

TAB A - Memorandum from Major General LeBailly      6

TAB B - Agenda                                      8

Distribution                                        9


- page 34 -

SPECIAL
REPORT OF THE
USAF SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD
AD HOC COMMITTEE TO REVIEW
PROJECT "BLUE BOOK"

MARCH 1966

I. INTRODUCTION

As requested in a memorandum from Major General E. B. Lebaily, Secretary of the Air Force Office of Information, dated 28 September 1965 (Tab A), an SAB Ad Hoc Committee met on 3 February 1966 to review Project "Blue Book". The objectives of the Committee are to review the resources and methods of investigation prescribed by Project "Blue Book" and to advise the Air Force of any improvements that can be made in the program to enhance the Air Force's capability in carrying out its responsibility.

In order to bring themselves up to date, the members of the Committee initially reviewed the findings of previous scientific panels charged with looking into the UFO problem. Particular attention was given to the report of the Robertson panel which was rendered in January 1953. The Committee next heard briefings from the AFSC Foreign Technology Division, which is the cognizant Air Force agency that collates information on UFO sightings and monitors investigations of individual cases. Finally, the Committee reviewed selected case histories of UFO sightings with particular emphasis on those that have not been identified.

II. DISCUSSION

Although about 6% (646) of all sightings (10,147) in the years 1947 through 1965 are listed by the Air Force as "Unidentified", it appears to the Committee that


- page 35 -

most of the cases so listed are simply those in which
the information available does not provide an adequate
basis for analysis. In this connection it is important
also to note that no unidentified objects other than
those of an astronomical nature have ever been observed
during routine astronomical studies. In spite of the
large number of observing hours which have been devoted
to the sky. As examples of this the Palomar Observatory
Sky Atlas contains some 5000 plates made with large
Instruments with wide field of view; the Harvard Meteor
Project of 1954-1958 provided some 3300 hours of
observation; the Smithsonian Visual Prairie Network
provided 2500 observing hours. Not a single un-
identified object has been reported as appearing on
any of these plates or been sighted visually in all
these observations.

The Committee concluded that in the 19 years since the
first UFO was sighted there has been no evidence that
unidentified flying objects are a threat to our national
security. Having arrived at this conclusion the
Committee then turned its attention to considering how
the Air Force should handle the scientific aspects of
the UFO problem. Unavoidably these are also related to
Air Force public relations, a subject on which the
Committee is not expert. Thus the recommendations
which follow are made simply from the scientific point
of view.

III. CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS

It is the opinion of the Committee that the present
Air Force program dealing with UFO sightings has been
well organized, although the resources assigned to it
(only one officer, a sergeant, and secretary) have
been quite limited. In 19 years and more than 10,000
sightings recorded and classified, there appears to be
no verified and fully satisfactory evidence of any
case that is clearly outside the framework of presently

2


- page 36 -

It is thought that perhaps 100 sightings a year might be subjected to this close study, and that possibly an average of 10 man days might be required per sighting so studied. The information provided by such a program might bring to light new facts of scientific value, and would almost certainly provide a far better basis than we have today for decision on a long term UFO program.

The scientific reports on these selected sightings, supplementing the present program of the Project Blue Book office, should strengthen the public position of the Air Force on UFO's. It is, therefore, recommended that:

A. These reports be printed in full and be available on request.

B. Suitable abstracts or condensed versions be printed and included in, or supplements to, the published reports of Project Blue Book.

C. The form of report (as typified by "Project Blue Book" dated 1 February 1966) be expanded, and anything which might suggest that information is being withheld (such as wording on page 5 of the above cited reference) be deleted. The form of this report can be of great importance in securing public understanding and should be given detailed study by an appropriate Air Force office.

D. The reports "Project Blue Book" should be given wide unsolicited circulation among prominent members of the Congress and other public persons as a further aid to public understanding of the scientific approach being taken by the Air Force in attacking the UFO problem.

4


- page 38 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

SEP 28 1965

MEMORANDUM FOR MILITARY DIRECTOR, SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY BOARD

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs)

In keeping with its air defense role, the Air Force has the responsibility for the investigation of unidentified flying objects reported over the United States. The name of this project is Blue Book (Attachment 1). Procedures for conducting this program are established by Air Force Regulation 200-2 (Attachment 2).

The Air Force has conducted Project Blue Book since 1948. As of 30 June 1965, a total of 9267 reports had been investigated by the Air Force. Of these 9267 reports, 663 cannot be explained.

It has been determined by the Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff/ Plans and Operations that Project Blue Book is a worthwhile program which deserves the support of all staff agencies and major commands and that the Air Force should continue to investigate and analyze all UFO reports in order to assure that such objects do not present a threat to our national security. The Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff/Plans and Operations has determined also that the Foreign Technology Division (FTD) at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base should continue to exercise its presently assigned responsibilities concerning UFOs.

To date, the Air Force has found no evidence that any of the UFO reports reflect a threat to our national security. However, many of the reports that cannot be explained have come from intelligent and technically well qualified individuals whose integrity cannot be doubted. In addition, the reports received officially by the Air Force include only a fraction of the spectacular reports which are publicized by many private UFO organizations.

Accordingly, it is requested that a working scientific panel composed of both physical and social scientists be organized to review Project Blue Book -- its resources, methods, and findings -- and to advise the Air Force as to any improvements that should be made in the program in order to carry out the Air Force's assigned responsibility.


- page 39 -

