There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document, possibly a UFO report, with various fields filled out.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 NOV 66 21/0120Z
2. LOCATION: Glendale, Pa.
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: None Noted
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which is a U.S. Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon which you observed. The information you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusion, or publication. We appreciate this personal information to conduct this investigation.
1. When did you see the object? November 6, 1966
2. Time of day: 8:05 Hours Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): E. Central 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Glenside, Pa.
Nearest Postal Address: City or Town: State or Country:
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 5 Minutes 15 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. To rear of you b. In front of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FTO FTD 164          This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a questionnaire-style format.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. Few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright, b. Bright moonlight, c. Dull, d. No moonlight - pitch dark, e. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear, b. Scattered, c. Hazy, d. Solid or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Calm, b. Breezy, c. Foggy, mist, or light rain, d. Moderate or heavy rain, e. Snow, f. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid lights, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _______________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Clear, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharpedly outlined, d. Don't remember
Other: _______________________

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off sparks? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document with a form that is filled out with handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes, No, Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. Was the object larger in size as it neared you? What was the apparent size of the object compared to the size of a known object, such as a car or a tennis ball? Explain how much of the object is covered by the head of a matchstick. If you held a matchstick at arm's length, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, projections, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO. IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) APPROXIMATELY 22 mi. distance. IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 21,000 ft.
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In the open country/side? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country?
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses YES NO b. Sunglasses YES NO c. Windshield YES NO d. Window glass YES NO e. Binoculars YES NO f. Telescope YES NO g. Camera YES NO h. Other

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO. IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) APPROXIMATELY 22 mi. distance. IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 21,000 ft.
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In the open country/side? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country?
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West e. Northeast f. Southeast g. Southwest h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour. 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses YES NO b. Sunglasses YES NO c. Windshield YES NO d. Window glass YES NO e. Binoculars YES NO f. Telescope YES NO g. Camera YES NO h. Other

- page 5 -

The image contains a schematic diagram and a handwritten response to a question. The diagram appears to be illustrating the trajectory of an object or objects, showing angles and directions of movement. The handwritten response indicates that there was more than one object observed, and they formed a formation that traveled in a northeasterly direction.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the survey line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place an "C" on the compass to indicate that first direction you saw the object.

90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°

NW
W
SW
S
SE
E
NE

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

One object split into one that traveled in a Northeasterly direction toward the swaying treetops.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City State Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? To J. E. Senior USAF MILITARY GROVE NAS WILLOW GROVE

- page 7 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this particular document. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

TD8R/UFO
UFO SIGHTING, 20 November 1966 23 December 1966

Glenside, Pennsylvania
Dear Major _____________,

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 20 November 1966 which we have received in this office. A form 14 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
CHIEF, PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 8 -

