The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with various fields filled out, such as "DATE - TIME GROUP", "LOCATION", "SOURCE", "NUMBER OF OBJECTS", "LENGTH OF OBSERVATION", "TYPE OF OBSERVATION", "COURSE", "PHOTOS", and "PHYSICAL EVIDENCE".

Output of the text in the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
30 NOV 55
2. LOCATION
Columbus, Indiana
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4.5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
SE-NW
8. PHOTOS
+
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
M No
10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TELEX/UFO
12 December 1966

UFO Observation, 30 November 1966

Mr. [redacted]
Columbus, Indiana 47201

1. Reference your unidentified Observation of 30 November 1966 which you reported to Aerospace ATC. The information in this report has been reviewed for validity. It appears that your observation was a satellite. Therefore, no further action is required.

2. We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the USAF. Your cooperation is appreciated.

LOUIS DEGOES/Colonel, USAF
Director of Aerospace Safety and Subsystems
1 Atch
AFD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

U.F.O. CHECK LIST (CONTINUED)
(1.) Were optical aids used (i.e. telescope, binoculars, etc.)
(2.) If sighting occurred while airborne, state type of aircraft, identifying marks, speed, and home station.
4. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING.
a. ZULU: Date and Time of sighting: 57-22-55-,-- 20 November 1966
e. LOCATION OF OBSERVER.
Give location of observer as time of sighting in terms of actual coordinates or by geographic location such as 2 miles.
f. OBSERVERS IDENTIFICATION.
(1.) If civilian, obtain name, age, mailing address, occupation, and reliability.
(2.) If military, obtain name, grade, organization, and duty.
g. WEATHER CONDITIONS.
(1) Obtain from the UFO observer: Report of weather at point of sighting.
(2) Winds - Surface: 5000': 10,000': 15,000':
20,000': 30,000': 50,000': and 60,000':
(3) Ceiling.
(4) Visibility.
(5) Amount of cloud cover.
(6) Thunderstorms in the area.  
(7) Vertical temperature gradient.
h. Any other unusual activity or condition existing, such as meteorological, astronomical, or known satellites, which might account for the sighting.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a "U.F.O. CHECK LIST" for Project Blue Book. The document contains instructions and criteria for describing unidentified flying objects, including details about the shape, size, color, number, type of formation, discernible features, and sounds heard. It also asks for a description of the course or trajectory of the object, as well as the observer's first impression, angle or elevation, and how the object disappeared. Finally, it inquires about the means of observation used, such as optical, electronic, or naked eye.

U.F.O. CHECK LIST

Base Operations personnel receiving reports of Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) should make every effort to obtain information as listed in the following order.
Express appreciation to reporting individual for interest and information.

a. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S).
(1) Shape.
(2) Size (compared to known objects such as a dime, half dollar, baseball, or basketball (as viewed at same length?)
(3) Color.
(4) Number of Objects.
(5) Type of formation (if more than one object).
(6) Discernible features or detail.
(7) Sound (if noted, describe any sounds heard.)

b. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S).
(1) What first attracted observer's attention to object?
(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object. (what direction?)
(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth when object disappeared.
(4) Description of flight path or maneuvers of object/objects.
(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (gradually, rapidly, to the north, etc.)

c. MANNER OF OBSERVATION.
(1) What means of observation was used? (binoculars, camera, theodolite, electronic, or naked eye.)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten diagram or sketch. The diagram appears to be a series of arrows and a circled symbol, with the text "CG 442 06" written above it.

CG 442 06

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire filled out by a witness who reported seeing an unidentified flying object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement or conclusions, or published without your permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? December 66 year
2. Time: 5:57 hours MINUTES (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Taylorsville Indiana State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 6 Minutes 04 Seconds 57 
5.1 How was object first observed? b. Just can't determined 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes YES No
6. What was the condition of the sky? Day BRIGHT Clouds BRIGHT CLOUDS BEHIND OBJECT Sun
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions and checkboxes related to the observation of the night sky and a reported object.

B. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky on the horizon
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Heavy rain or storm
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Luminous
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Well-defined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each item)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 7 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch depicting the sighting of an unidentified flying object. The sketch shows a cylindrical object with a series of lights, including three red ball-shaped bright lights flashing in order. The text below the sketch provides details about the sighting, such as the size and apparent distance of the object.

OCR Text:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? It so, how?
Flew over horizon out of sight

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes    No    Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:
Seemed to pass behind a tree for a short instant.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes    No    Don't Know. 
If you answered YES, then tell what:
A rotated form seemed to pass in front of a tree branch.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound none heard b. Color metallic light-grey Similar to unpollished aluminum
c. Size comparison  long, wider than a car

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head? If you have performed this experiment, what was the result?
100 ft yd 150 yds

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please be as accurate as possible in showing the direction to show the motion of the object was moving.

[Hand-drawn sketch showing a cylindrical object with 3 red ball-shaped bright lights flashing in order, headed in a direction indicated by an arrow.]

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a document with a form filled out. As an OCR system, I will output all the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    YES    NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 50 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    YES    NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 150 yds at closest point

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. In an open country?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 60 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    YES    No    Stopped got out

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    YES    NO
b. Sun glasses    YES    NO
c. Windshield    YES    NO
d. Window    YES    NO
e. Binoculars    YES    NO
f. Telescope    YES    NO
g. Other    YES    NO

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
The object was oddly shaped but elongated, appeared to be illuminated from within and seemed to be quite large, perhaps 25-30 ft wide and 10-15 ft high. It was moving at a fast clip and left no trail. its movement was steady and it seemed to be under some type of control as it changed direction and trajectory as I watched. It did not bounce or flutter but seemed to glide. The whole sighting lasted about 10-20 seconds.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document with instructions and diagrams related to reporting unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show where you first saw it. Place an "C" on the compass where you last saw the object.

23. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. Yes anddateof Aprilearobject. This article said it was a strange object between 1960 - 1966.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) (YES) No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: Several cars stopped on us 31 but i did not talk to any of them.
Man in charge said he saw the object as it came down and it seemed to land on a hill top in the trees and some time later the object took off agan.
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME --------- First Name --------- Middle Name
ADDRESS Columbus, Ohio Zip ------
TELEPHONE NUMBER ---------
AGE 26 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
I am Gary Butcher and I have automatic tape recording on my phone and automatic camera which began functioning when the object was over us.
In July 1966 I was a witness to a very Harry-Accidental damage to test equipment and a tree house hit by a tree while involving incident trying to photograph by John G. Howell, 6906 3rd Street, Columbus, Ohio this case No. 43 the author.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 30 Day Novshot to May Greg At Boardmantohio F.B. Commis.

- page 11 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document that appears to be a questionnaire or report related to a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12 - 22 - 66
33. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

For several weeks early in the evening (6:30 to 8:00) I have noticed some strange lights in the sky. These lights appear and disappear without any pattern or control. They are white or whitish lights and move about rather erratic. I began to notice that every time I would look in that direction, the lights would be there. On some occasions there would be two or three lights at a time. Most of the time the lights were rather high up and would move about with no apparent control and would disappear rather suddenly.

As I said, the small lights go out at the same time and then come back on in a few seconds. Once or twice there was a larger light, but it went out in the same manner as the small ones.

For two or three nights I sat and watched these lights with binoculars. They were some distance away, possibly 15 or 20 miles from here. Once I thought I detected a slight humming sound, but the lights have made no other sound. 

Or was it my imagination about the humming sound?

What could those be and why do they disappear and come back so quickly? I am interested to know if others have seen the same thing. Perhaps any information about the sighting that I can add would be helpful.

- page 12 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the image. The image shows a handwritten document, which appears to be a page from an old UFO report document.

As requested, here is the text output from the document:

On Dec 2, 1966 I was driving home from work in Indianapolis. I saw something very bright in the sky. It was about 30° or more above the horizon in an easterly direction, traveling in a northeasterly direction at a speed that would be about 2 or 3 times the speed of an aircraft flying at 30,000 feet.

It was in view for 10 minutes just being a bright object at first about 1/3 of a degree in diameter. From time to time it seemed to get slightly brighter and a little fainter, around at 30-50 mph in a pulsating fashion. Something like the way a light bulb would come on and off.

Just before it went out of view over the horizon, I could see that it was oval in shape and resembled a pie plate in size. There seemed to be no wings or protrusions and no lights of any kind. At a great speed.

I did not report this sighting to the authorities. I guess they would have thought I was trying to pull something on them. I regret that I did not.

- page 13 -

