PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
16 or 17 March 66

2. LOCATION
Norwood, Mass

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was a bright white light hovering 30 to 50 yards away
from observer and then took off at a terrific rate of speed.
Hovered at tree top level.
Witnesses age is only 6 yrs. This report will be carried as
unreliable due to the high amount of imagination of an observer
of this age.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Several Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Southerly, Hovering

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Numerical Files
Directorate of Intelligence AFS Reg 55-2

[Several lines of text are handwritten but partially illegible due to the image quality and angle of writing]

At the bottom of the document, I can make out:

Numerical Files
Directorate of Intelligence AFS Reg 55-1962

Some sections of text are obscured by black redaction marks, and the handwritten text is difficult to fully transcribe with complete accuracy.


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
16th or 17th March 1966
Day       Month     Year

2. Time of day: 6 40 P.M.
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other _________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Norwood, Mass.
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Several Seconds
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No ____

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy
                    c. Clear

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text that appears to say "like a bright candle"]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode at any time?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
"It took off" giant speed

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   white - white - white
b. Color   Bright   (one color)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
three or four feet in diameter at treetop level.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an oval/circular object with an arrow indicating movement]

Viewed at treetop very bright just as it took off.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Extremely fast.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far say it was?  30 to 50 yards

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?   <text written> at turn
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         f. Southwest         h. Northwest
c. East
d. Southeast

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses        Yes   No         e. Binoculars       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses       Yes   No         f. Telescope        Yes   No
c. Windshield        Yes   No         g. Theodolite       Yes   No
d. Window glass      Yes   No         h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
"Bright like a light"


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? _________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Diana Simi - girl of 8.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [street redacted] Norwood, Mass. 02062
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 6   SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[blank]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
March 16, 1966
Some, I asked them many things and I believe he was interested. I thought I would write you had their reports on this case.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 April 1966
    Day    Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The page is Page 7, and the text field for item 35 is blank.


- page 9 -

FTD (TDEW)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
5 April 1966

Norwood, Massachusetts 02062

Dear

Reference the recent unidentified observation by your son on 16 or 17 March 1966. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request your son complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting this observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 10 -

