The image appears to be a blank page from a Project Blue Book record, with a table containing various fields such as "DATE-TIME GROUP", "LOCATION", "SOURCE", "NUMBER OF OBJECTS", "LENGTH OF OBSERVATION", "TYPE OF OBSERVATION", "COURSE", "PHOTOS", "PHYSICAL EVIDENCE", and "CONCLUSION". However, there is no photograph or other visual content displayed in the image.

OCR Text Output:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP
27 Dec 60 22/0130

2. LOCATION
Memphis, Tennessee

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
3-12

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
9-10 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
East-North

8. PHOTOS
( ) YES
(X) NO

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
( ) YES
(X) NO

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DGOT

SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO: FTD (TDTRT) 

1. On 8 December 1966, at 1900-17, the attached UFO is forwarded for your information.

2. The object was sighted by a witness in Memphis, Tennessee, advised that the sighting was made as she and her daughter were going out of the car at her home. The witness stated that she did not see it initially but that she might have seen the known of no one else in the neighborhood who did.

3. No further investigative action is deemed necessary.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WILLIAM H. GARDNER, Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, UFO Project Office

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text of the document is as follows:

DCOT 15 MAR 67
UFO Report

1. In accordance with Para 8c, AFR 80-17, the attached UFO report is forwarded for your information. 

2. On 14 March 1967, Mrs. Rennessees, advised that the sighting was made as she and her husband were driving out of the city. She stated that she did not see the object, but that her husband did. She did not see it; and that she knows of no one else in the area who did.

3. No further investigative action is deemed necessary.

EDWIN T. GARDNER Lt Colonel USAF
Base UFO Project Officer

C Atch 
CY: RUCCDC LTR. 
C/I ATCH

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. This information is needed for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication unless your permission. We request this personal information in order that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?  
2. Time of day:  9   :   30   Hours   Minutes  (Circle One)  A.M.  or  P.M.  
3. Time zone:  (Circle One)  a. Eastern  b. Central  c. Mountain  d. Pacific  e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?  Memphis  State or Town  SHELBY  State or County

5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)  10  :  45  Hours  Minutes Seconds

6. What was the condition of the sky?  NIGHT  
   a. Bright  b. Hazy  c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?  
   (Circle One)  a. In front of you  b. Behind you  c. To your right  d. To your left  e. Overhead  f. Don't remember

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the: 
   8.1 STARS: (Circle One)  a. None  b.A few  c. Many  d. Don't remember
   8.2 MOON: (Circle One)  a. Full  b. Partial  c. None  d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?  
   (Circle One)  a. Clear  b. Cloudy  c. Haze  d. Fog, mist or smoke  e. Moderate or heavy clouds  f. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) 
    a. Solid  b. Transparent  c. Vapor  d. Disc-like
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One) 
    a. Brighter  b. Dimmer  c. About the same  d. Don't know

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force UFO reporting form.

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form continued
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
I was looking up at the UFO's and they just DISAPPEARED between 2 trees and I lost them.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
It MOVED DIRECTLY behind the trees that way I could not see them any more.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
It CAME OUT FROM THE TREES that way I could see them again.

17. Tell us if the following things about the object:
a. Sound 
I did not hear any. It made no sound around the I could hear.
b. Color 
The color was like a bright white light.

18. We wish to know the apparent size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. Then state the size.
It WOULD have covered about half of the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or object, 

label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction that the object was moving.

DESCRIPTION: Circular in shape.

OCR text output:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form continued
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
I was looking up at the UFO's and they just DISAPPEARED between 2 trees and I lost them. 

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
It MOVED DIRECTLY behind the trees that way I could not see them any more.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
It CAME OUT FROM THE TREES that way I could see them again.

17. Tell us if the following things about the object:
a. Sound
I did not hear any. It made no sound around the I could hear.
b. Color
The color was like a bright white light.

18. We wish to know the apparent size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. Then state the size.
It WOULD have covered about half of the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or object, label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction that the object was moving.
DESCRIPTION: Circular in shape.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what would you estimate the speed to be?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away the object was from you?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. On foot
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other_____

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle, 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving?
24.3 Did you stop or pull over at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No 
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give us picture as possible, please describe the conditions under which you observed the object, such as lighting, weather, time of day, etc.

- page 5 -

The image appears to contain a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force UFO investigation program. The document includes a diagram and sketches related to the sighting of a UFO. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Textual content from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form continued
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the line that shows the direction the object was traveling.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date and details.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself.

NAME: [redacted]
LAST NAME: [redacted] 
FIRST NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS:
Street: [redacted]
City: MEMPHIS
STATE: TENNESSEE
ZIP CODE: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 16

I was interesed on all the looks i can on the r0[ad]. Believed that there were flying objects thats not airery, so I did not distelieve[?] what i saw, anything to believing - what I did see.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
T.: 1966, Y.: 66

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document from Project Blue Book, which appears to be a questionnaire or report filled out by an individual.

Extracting the text from the document:

22 2 67 
Day Month Year
Information which you had pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or narrative explanation of your sighting. 
Everything that happened was covered in the questionnaire. Except that I mean really planned an appearing the to anyone because everything I told them they didn't believe. I don't that about, given no formal probability of even though I saw this morgue. I was interested because the time I had a reason for being interested about then I wanted to then I filled this questionnaire out and showed it through (2/2/67)

Please contact me as soon as you can telling me what is come of this, even if nothing does still me converse April have a heard time concerning the at wasn't UFO's. I know what I saw. You may use my name. I wouldn't be anxious for people to know what I saw. It doesn't bother me if they don't, because what's important to that I do know them. And no one can tell me differently, unless they prove to me that

- page 7 -

