PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
11 June 66 10/2300Z

2. LOCATION
Kalat, Afghanistan (3 Witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian & Military

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (VENUS) - jpt

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers noted extremely bright star very low on the horizon being some 5-10 deg above the horizon and about fifty deg to left of the moon. Object appeared to be moving horizontally and vertically about a central point. Object slowly rose in the eastern sky until it disappeared as the sun began to rise.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 Hour, 45 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
E

8. PHOTOS
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Kingdom of Afghanistan )
Province of Kabul )
City of Kabul )
American Embassy )

Before me, Charles L. Davis, Vice Consul of the United States of America at Kabul, Afghanistan, duly commissioned and qualified, personally appeared [redacted] who, being duly sworn, deposed and says as follows:

1. My name is [redacted] and I reside in Kabul, Afghanistan, c/o the American Embassy.

2. I am a Foreign Service Officer of the United States of America presently assigned as [redacted] at the American Embassy.

3. Because of Consular business I was required on the night on June 10, 1966, and the morning of June 11, 1966, to drive from Kabul to Kalat, Afghanistan. I was accompanied on this trip by the Peace Corps in [redacted] and M/Sgt. Patrick Dwyer, NCOIC of the Marine Security Guard, American Embassy, Kabul.

4. We left Kabul at approximately 10:30 PM, June 11, 1966, and drove directly to Mukhur, Afghanistan. We reached Mukhur at about 2:15 AM. There, we refueled the vehicle and proceeded to Kalat.

5. At about 3:00 AM M/Sgt. Dwyer had an intestinal attack and asked that we stop the vehicle. We all got out of the vehicle. While standing on the road I noticed what appeared to be an extremely bright star very low on the horizon. It was some five to ten degrees above the horizon and about fifteen degrees to the left of the moon, which had risen some two hours previous. I asked to look at the object, setting that it was probably the lowest star I had ever seen. He did look at it, exclaimed about its brightness, and then said that he thought it was moving. I watched the object for a few minutes and agreed that it was moving, but not in any specific direction. Rather it seemed to be moving horizontally and vertically about a central point. In order to better observe the movement of the object I braced myself against a corner of the vehicle and sighted long the edge of the vehicle, being sure to keep my head and body still. I again observed that the object was moving about a central point, moving horizontally and vertically as described in the following figure.

Contd ....


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

3

A
C ————— E

D

Before changing direction of movement, the object always seemed to return to point A. It did not seem to travel directly between C and B, C and D, D and E, or E and B.

6.After we had decided that the object was moving I noted that the time was 3:10 AM. We watched the object for another ten minutes and at 3:20 AM its disappeared for about 20 to 30 seconds. It then reappeared in the same place.

7. and I compared the object with the various stars in the sky and agreed that it was four or five times as bright as the North Star. I observed the sky and the area around us and noted that there were a few clouds in the southeast, but none in any other part of the sky. The moon was quite bright and I was able to easily make out the outlines of hills and mountains several miles from the road. The object was definitely brighter than a low ridge between it and myself.

8.We resumed our journey at 3:30 AM. [redacted] was driving, I sat in the right front seat, and M/Sgt. Dwyer rested on the rear seat. I continued to observe the object for the remainder of our trip, as soon as we began to move the object seemed to rise suddenly to about fifteen or twenty degrees above the horizon. When we had been traveling about ten minutes it again disappeared, only to reappear about a half minute later. Some five minutes later it appeared to pulsate for about two minutes. It alternated between its originally brightness and being quite dim. Again, a few minutes later, it disappeared for about a half minute.

9.We arrived in Kalat at 4:15 AM. The object was about thirty degrees above the horizon and shining brightly. Due to our business in Kalat we were not able to observe it continuously after that. I did check it at about five minute intervals. It seemed to remain in the same place and with the same degree of brightness.

10.Light from the sun had begun to show about the time we arrived in Kalat. The sun rose at about 4:45 about fifteen degrees to the right of the object.

Contd....


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

- 3 -

Though the object was in the east it was among the last four objects to disappear from the night sky. The other three were the moon, one star in the west, and another star almost directly overhead, but slightly to the west of Kalat.

While it is entirely possible that the disappearances of the object while we were underway may have been due to hills or mountains coming between us and the object, I do not believe that such was the case when the object disappeared for the first time as it disappeared and returned while we remained in the same position.

I further understand that W/Sgt. Dwyer, will be filing an affidavit similar to this. I also understand that W/ Sgt. Dwyer, having been indisposed during most of this period covered, and not having observed the object at length will net file a report.

And further deponent saith not.

Subscribed and sworn before me this 14th day of June, 1966.

[Signature]
Charles L. Davis
Assistant Vice Consul


- page 4 -

