The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record with an incident report form filled out.

PROJECT 10173 RECORD
1. DATE & TIME GROUP: Jun 66 0400Z
2. LOCATION: Hartford, Wisconsin
3. WEATHER: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 minute
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: --
8. SPEED: Variable
9. PHOTOS: 0
10. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object flashed on and off every two seconds. Color: orange.
Object went out of sight behind some trees that were in 
front of observer.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a letter from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation

TO: Hartford, Wisconsin

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FORM 146 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems
1 Atch
PFD FORM 146 w/envelope

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

20 Jul 67

TO:

Hartford, Wisconsin

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a definitive evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

Dear Sir,
Way report - night - could see in sky forms moved around the room - my wife noticed them - they did not dash or fly - just moved around very slow and stayed low - they were almost a round form and seemed to remain the same size - they came and went from sight - my wife observed them as well as I - I filled out the report form - enclosed one copy for your files.
Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document or report with lined paper and some minor markings or scratches on the surface.

HARTFORD WISCONSIN 1966-06-7092741

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter.

Dear Sir,

We are writing for information concerning our investigation with the case designated as case #52. We have a member and 3 posts: 7 x 35 rein, 1 @ 7 x 35 mount - 35 gain, 1 @ 7 x 35 mount - 35 gain, 1 @ 7 x 35 mount - 35 gain.

Each is off by 3 points of aim at 300 yards as reported December 1, 1949.

Shooting was about 90% of the way however. Advise a follow-up action about 320 yards and worth the most diligent action there was no angle for all though our dog was killed fatally. We started moving in and nothing stopped us - is there a good shot and weight - with a cost.

Please advise a legitimate action as soon as possible.

SEND 1645
The [redacted]

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with various redacted or blacked-out text.

Extracting the text from the document:

Investigated
Mail-same person
Reporting
Casually equipment manag er

- page 7 -

This image does not appear to contain a photograph. It is a scanned page from what seems to be a UFO report document.

OBSERVER FORM

CASE NO. 7092741
LOCATION - HARTFORD, WISCONSIN

OBSERVED AT 1930 hours U.T.C. 0.

WEATHER: Clear

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements.
1. When did you see the object? June 14, 1966
2. Time of day: 10:00 Hour: Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Redacted] City or Town [Redacted] State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 1 Minutes Seconds a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, possibly from 1966, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions and responses related to the observation of an unidentified object.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _______________________

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I have produced the following text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Disappeared off and on

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. Yes, then tell what it moved behind: Seemed to blot out a small part of the distant horizon, as if i blocked behind something

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color Orangish red

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About the size of the match head, or maybe a little larger

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object they you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A simple drawing is shown, with various geometric shapes, and an arrow indicating the direction of movement.]

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? a little to middleing

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other near scene of observation

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
It appeared to be a disc but was not very distinctive in its appearance but not very distinct in its shape

- page 12 -

The image on this page does not contain any photographs. It consists of two sketches and text instructions.

OCR text:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribed text:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Manford Zir, 3702 4 57 

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted], Hartford, 53027 Wisconsin
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted] 
AGE: 14 SEX:
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Seen friendly and a visitor on 3/30/66 - 30 seconds - flight speed with flashing lights, circular with a center light. 
1. 3 customers
2. Billiards
3. Veterinarian 

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
  April, 1966
  Reporting officer

- page 14 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram, but no photograph is present. The text in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 6 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[Hand-drawn sketch with the caption "KEY PATROLRANGER PERSONNEL OD?"]

- page 15 -

There does not appear to be a photograph in this image. The image shows a handwritten document, specifically a letter or report. I will now proceed to transcribe the text contained in the document.

D.C. 0052: single me a letter after this affects do away with these chaps. Do not write down the things that ought to know to new members. I would like to know all it is allned to till my friends know. Truly.

- page 16 -

