Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
9 Oct 65     Night

2. LOCATION
Selfridge AFB, Michigan     Multiple

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Numerous

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Varied

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Varied

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
Possible ASTRO (S/P)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers have watched many objects in the sky that appeared like stars. Two objects are flashing red, green, and white in color. The observers have observed many objects on several sights in a row.

The one main witness appears to be unreliable. She is the only who is actually reporting the observations. She even reported that the objects were like stars.

The description is consistent with that of an astronomical observation.

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Page 3-

They are Mr. and Mrs. [redacted]
their address is [redacted]

He is [redacted] St. Franklin, Fire Dept.

Now we have about 3 1/2 acres of the wormick
have about some amount - When we stood
by their back door we could see their star
perfectly, it flashed Red & Green with white.
I believe or so off & it flickered but it was
very bright & we could see it alternate red & the
Green as if it went around. The wormick had
guests & we came and saw it with us.

We stayed there the longest time and I came
home & called the Franklin Police but they never
came & this about because I didn't see them.

We left & there & Mrs. [redacted] commented
this is looked like it was coming down.


- page 2 -

Page -5

So I went out there again to check it out
was still there so I called him & would
3 want to take a look. The Result was
spent the rest of the evening in his room
while [illegible text] until about 11:30 on so
battery This time & we were there & also
were very active chatting over true. The
system I was in I didn't see the just but
the boy did write when asked) the type of the
force then I saw it. There were 3 I believe
all told that were in the group. -

At some 11:30 we all went to bed & left
them up there. At 2° clock I woke up
and I believe was a rather unusual moment.
I looked up to see if the stars were there. -


- page 3 -

Page 1-

I saw the one mile high, still guess what
the moon I will explain at a later time.

All day till you I was very bright - and to
change shape between 2 inch & perhaps 1/2 but to
3/8 hrs when I returned back to bed. I was a
whole full moon to a 1/4 moon but I was
1/10 on the bottom - This may be normal- I don't
know but I do know this was seen a most
like it - and I was 49 3/4 yrs old, most men
this tested it unless were not so hard to look it.

I was almost blinded by the light. In fact
this motion my eye has been lately one from
looking at all these phenomenal things in
the sky. This moon was not normal from the
my other moon I have seen. It was jagged and


- page 4 -

Page -7-

the edges - it moves to the - I am not sure.
They at looked out like a moon but a hanging
ball just of clusters of stars + it twisted
like Polaris turn would. Then like diamond -
Every when it becomes congested & a gyrate
move - its had large of stay light then I -
found it not how to look it then I could not
really tell you any better what I saw - of
I see more more like then we then I did
know it is named for hours & look like the
ball if I did then I know then more now
not the usual move then you see all the
time
Goes more they -
I was a red light move - let be
large the area in my bedroom where my bed is.


- page 5 -

Page 8

Because the moon too was never brightly/
o inis along is my bedroom which is at the
Jr and of the house - it is the master bedroom
o it has 2 large windows - plus a dining room
frying the back of the house. My bed was in front
of the window so it let my short area but
still there were no shadows on the ground as
it always does with a bright moon. Because
I then to watch the shadows on the ground I
noticed there were not any - the ground was
dark but my window was lit up. so as
in front of it. I called the Telephone question or
instead of there was a man the night or when
we went 2 bed, there was no moon except as
my own could recall. So the garden could not have
the sunlit hours o get to the window as she could not see me.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

We can separate planes with white light and red lights as some went by.
We could hear motors from planes.
When they passed the noise was gone too.

2-2-2
"UFO" Reporting Data (continued)

c. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar.)

Ground Visual

(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof.
We sure wish we had telescopes, binoculars = it would help.

(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

d. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING:
(1) Zulu time-date group of sighting     around 8 p.m.
(2) Light conditions. (Use one of the following terms: night, day, dawn, dusk.)
Night

e. LOCATION OF OBSERVER(s). Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position.

f. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ON OBSERVER(s):
(1) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.
Mrs. [redacted] 49-3/4 years old, son [redacted] 12 years old, neighbors. Another friend I do not have her name was visiting the [redacted].

(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty and estimate of reliability.
N/A

ADC-1 Cmbt Spt Gp-CDC
Selfridge AFB, Mich.


- page 7 -

"UFO" Reporting Data:

a. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S):
(1) Shape: Stars and the Moon

(2) Size compared to a known object: Head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball held in the hand at about arm's length.
Size: Good size (1) star (I'm not any good on size)

(3) Color: Red & Green (Green * White - 1 all green (large))
Some small all green

(4) Number: All told - I'd say 25 or so, but they come & go- you cannot count them

(5) Formation, if more than one: They are all around everywhere here.

(6) Any discernible features or details: Moon Very Bright-changed shape
Sun. Oct 9, 66.

(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s):

(8) Sound, if heard, describe sound: No Sound

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: Some stand still, others go up and down - some shoot across other tree tops, or out in the sky.

b. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
1 Green red star - by son age 12, at about 8 p.m. or so

(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed:
Up in the sky

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:
It seemed to be coming down when we left it there & came home.

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s):
Name it and they have done it.

(5) How did the object(s) disappear?
Instantaneously to the North, etc.?
Some disappear and re-appear

(6) How long were the objects(s) visible? (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.)
Some are here all night in some spot, or at least 1 check them out as far as 8 p.m.


- page 8 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 1ST FIGHTER WING (ADC)
SELFRIDGE AIR FORCE BASE, MICHIGAN 48045

Selfridge AFB, Mich.
8 Oct 66

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    WCIO                                                   4 November 1966

SUBJECT:    UFO Sighting

TO:         APSC (TD) Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. The attached correspondence was not forwarded previously because
we did not regard the witness as reliable.

2. However, she has telephoned us many times in the past few weeks,
and has threatened to write to the President of the United States if
we do not "take action."

3. We therefore felt that her letters should be brought to your attention.
We feel you have dealt with matters of this nature in the past
and could probably advise us on what steps to take, if any, in a case
like this.

FOR THE COMMANDER

MIRA P. COSTIN, Captain, USAF
Chief, Information Division

2 Atchs
1. Ltr.
2. UFO Report

A 500


- page 9 -

Oct 12 - Wed - Tom's Dutch morning
Battle of Green Stars -

Oct 13 Thurs. Cloudy evening
just with many ten
Merry on mirror n well reflecting
& wonder about half way around 2° cal

Never saw this before.
No more visible because I don't want
got up - as I wake up just then o
opened the daypack. No more again
plead when I could see of both windows

But more still as the mirror on the wall
here I guess star not alternately
visible on the ground across street
at some time.

Oct 14 -
Letter to you - If this keeps
up I will be writing a book before I
get some help from anyone.


- page 10 -

Oct 14 1966
Friday

Gentlemen

I am enclosing my first letter this started last night at 9 home it rewrites it I will be to long at it became his read other tired I could keep up - My 12 yr old son he has rested side day will then all happening

So if you can make it not real well I will cancel it perhaps later on. I will give the letter of these unusual occurrence.

Oct 8 Sat 1966 - First night
Oct 9 Sun 2° clock in morning
Oct 9 Sun night Cloudy + rain here I hear
Oct 10 Monday cloudy
Oct 11 Tues - 6 stars around my home
Saturday green with light


- page 11 -

If you want to help perhaps I will get confused, yet so many things happening I will not be able to give them in the right pattern. Since I'm almost alone it may be difficult to keep track of and I perhaps will not try to keep much at if I am to tired. This is the best I can see right at the moment. Since my health is not very good I could at times over-react in my family. I will do the best I can for the conditions thus working under everybody.

Sincerely, Yours
[Signature and location are blacked out]


- page 12 -

Confidential                                                Oct. 14-1966
                                                                        Friday-

Please keep it confidential until
it is all cleared out. I believe Jim and
here to ask you for an explanation.

I believe Jim here to give you one.

This is not the first phenomenon in
my life - the first occurred 3 3 1/2 years ago
+ I do not discussed it very much with
anyone because of repression of telling it
+ seeing incredible this tell on people's face.
After can be checked out is I told it
somewhere where I believe it will help
explain it.                     (over)


- page 13 -

Page-

So you can see by this that is not
smutty I planned for my self only
myself.

Last night Oct 8 - about 8 o'clock on
yard when it was getting dark my son-in-law
has out door playing with one 2 paper outside
the back door in the back yard. However
he said should to come in when he saw the
special looking star - He will meet or
saw it - it was across my back yard a
the whole of my neighbor perfectly and saw
the street it so far there - So Tom'd
followed it and me called on the Phone
there neighbor to come & see what they
did.


- page 14 -

Oct 13-1966

Gentlemen:

I am not filling out your form because I wish know East from West-North, from South - that's the truth -

I am not a star gazer only. This event that most stars blink-on in the whole wide spot up there and I never questioned it beyond that. I am not a moon gazer only, that I know mostly on the ground and I like to look out at night & see it on the ground & see the shadows being done. He lately of will.

The lady in your office told me you'd write a little telling it as hard to see.


- page 15 -

Page 4-

As was well back and forth, we noticed rather
to the side of our property lying some ugly it
was green + other alternating light.
was fairly well + he was scared as I brought
him in to calm him down but very as after
he was to be check much one that was green + white.
Old then moved and crossed the street to where
it some remained all night. This is across
Brincliff Spring our house. - about 9 o'clock
or so my older son Jim was home - his 25 yrs
old + we had him alone over evening. He just
from - He thought we had flipped or something -
by way he would give to accept our story -
so he went into his room + watch Television -


- page 16 -

