Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT BLUE RECORD

1. DATE TIME GROUP
25 - 31 July 66

2. LOCATION
Atlanta, Georgia

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Varied

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual (EX)

7. COURSE
Varied

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■No

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
July 25 - 27, 1966

A. Description of Object:

1. Shape: According to witnesses, the shape appears to be oval on a vertical axis; however, some witnesses have the impression that it was spherical.

2. Size: There is general agreement that the size according to the criteria compared to that of a pea, in some cases slightly smaller, in other cases slightly larger.

3. Color: No established color is known since it appears that the objects were lighted with either flashing red and green with white lights or were capable of changing from red through green to white. In any event, the color in most cases appeared to be a rhythmic change.

4. Number: The number of objects viewed is unknown since when first noticed there were only two which attracted attention. After this occurred, more attention was paid to the sky and as more people devoted attention to the area, more of the objects were discovered. It is believed that the number noted on this particular night of July 27, 1966, morning of the 28th, may have amounted to as many as 15. This number is estimated on the basis of reports from numerous free lance photographers and interested witnesses who were observing the objects as a point of interest.

5. Formation: There was no particular formation detectable. It was noted that some of the objects would remain stationary for quite some time and then leave in some direction at a high rate of speed. One free lance photographer with a high powered telescope equipped for photographic purposes stated that one object remained in the same position for two hours and then departed in a Northerly direction at an extremely high rate of speed disappearing over the horizon in a matter of seconds.

6. Features or details: Two witnesses, both FAA employees, testified that at least one of the objects lowered another object from itself which appeared to be cylindrical in shape, although possibly it may have been flat. The object lowered was slightly lighted but appeared to reflect a light from the mother object.

7. Tail, trail, or exhaust including size compared to object: There was no apparent trail or exhaust witnessed except that one witness indicated there was a grayish area completely surrounding the object which appeared to be about twice the width of the object.

8. Sound: No sound was heard by any observers or witnesses.

9. Unusual features: The most unusual feature of the objects was their apparent-ability to remain stationary, or what appeared to be stationary, and then to move off at rapid speed. The lighting features are themselves unusual in that some appeared to change in a gradual subtle manner while others were quite abrupt change. Some of these changes were very rhythmic while others were quite uneven and unpredictable.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

witnesses the fact that in some cases the objects reversed course without any
apparent turn around motion. I personally viewed one of the objects through
binoculars and noting a very erratic motion from side to side, back and forth,
attributed it to my inability to hold the binoculars steady. However, I noticed
that two stars were visible simultaneously with the object, and the stars were
not moving in the erratic fashion that the object was. This fact has been
supported by both FAA witnesses and conversation with free lance photographers
that had noticed the same features.

8. Description of Course: Due to the many objects observed and the many courses
taken, it is not possible to individually describe them. Many of the courses
were courses not followed by the stars. This was particularly noted in order to
attempt to establish whether or not they were stars.

1. What called attention of observer: On the first night, July 25, 1966,
the observer's attention was called by the exceptionally brilliant white lights
apparently slightly to the West of Fulton County Airport.

2. Angle, elevation and azimuth first observed: The first observer, Mr.
[illegible name], feels that the angle above the horizon was about 30 degrees,
while most of the other witnesses feel it was more on the order of 70 degrees.
All witnesses agree that the bearing was approximately 290 degrees true from
the observation point on the first night. Due to the large number of other
objects appearing, it was not practicable to obtain the information concerning
the angle and azimuth on them. There was one rather consistent appearance in
the Northeast at about the same time every morning which progressed from the
horizon, spread as if it was a star following the same path. Further statements
on this are contained in Mr. Bennett's report.

3. Angle, elevation and azimuth as disappeared: In all but a very few
cases the objects disappeared with the appearance of daylight. In some cases,
they disappeared over the horizon in various directions. Two of these are
fairly certain to have been satellites that disappeared over the North horizon.
These had no colored light phenomena.

4. Flight path and maneuvers: For the most part the objects appeared to
remain very nearly stationary, or at least with slow movement, unless they chose
to leave the area, in which case they generally left rather rapidly. No
particular maneuvers, as such, or established flight paths, could be determined.

5. How did object disappear (direction): As previously stated, most dis-
appeared with the appearance of daylight when they became no long visible.
Those that disappeared prior to daylight disappeared in various directions.

6. How long visible: In general, on all three nights the objects were
visible by FAA personnel for approximately one hour and twenty minutes. They
may have been actually visible longer, but personnel are not available to de-
vote any appreciable time to observing the phenomenon.


- page 3 -

C. Manner of Observation:

1. Observations were conducted from the ground in the immediate vicinity of the FAA Building on Fulton County Airport and, for the most part, were conducted by Weather Bureau Certified Weather Observers, although they were assisted by Communications Relay Equipment Operators and FAA electronics personnel on duty. On the last two nights there were numerous T.V. and news media reporters, plus fire lane commanders and other interested witnesses present.

2. Optical aids: The only optical aid used by FAA personnel was a pair of 7X50 binoculars under the trademark of Swift. For the most part, observations were with the unaided eye.

D. Time and Date:

1. FAA observations were conducted during the approximate period of 0740 GMT to 0945 GMT July 25, 26 and 27, 1966.

2. Light conditions, night/day, dark/dusk: Night

E. Location of Observers: In the immediate vicinity of latitude 33 degrees, 47 minutes North, longitude 84 degrees, 31 minutes West, which is more specifically described as Fulton County Airport about seven miles West of downtown Atlanta, Georgia, and the FAA Building located thereon.

F. Identifying Information on Observers:

[First observer - redacted]
(civilian) Age: 52
Atlanta, Georgia
Flight Service Station
Reliability: Creditable witness and should be experienced enough in the aviation industry to not be readily confused.

[Second observer - redacted]
Mableton, Georgia
Flight Service Station
Reliability: Creditable witness and should be ex-perienced enough in the aviation industry not to be readily confused.

[Third observer - redacted]
(civilian) Age: 38
Austell, Georgia
Flight Service Station
Reliability: Creditable witness and should be experienced enough in the aviation industry not to be readily confused.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

(civilian) Age: 27
Atlanta, Georgia

Mrs. (civilian) Age: 52
Mableton, Georgia

(civilian) Age: 46
East Point, Georgia

Flight Service Station
Reliability: Creditable
witness and should be experienced enough in the
aviation industry not to be
readily confused.

Flight Service Station
Reliability: Creditable
witness and should be experienced enough in the
aviation industry not to be
readily confused.

Airways Facilities Section
Reliability: Creditable
witness and should be experienced enough in the
aviation industry not to be
readily confused.

G. Weather and Winds Including Aloft Conditions:
1. Observers account: The Weather Bureau observer at Municipal Airport was
not available for comment. The FAA observer at Fulton County Airport commented
that on July 25, 1966 it appeared to be one of the clearest nights that he had
witnessed in quite a long time. July 26, 1966 was also very clear. July 27,
1966, while clear, was not quite as clear as the two preceding nights.

2. Weather Bureau winds of wind direction and velocity at surface: There
are no weather bureau winds aloft reports made at Atlanta. The nearest observations are taken at Athens, Georgia. The following reports were provided by the
U. S. Weather Bureau Airport Station at Municipal Airport in an attempt to best
meet the request contained in this item.

July 25, 1966 - 1200 GMT 20915 50920 81115 00710 40710 02803 53410
03215 53320 03320 53415 03520

July 26, 1966 - 1200 GMT 20605 50812 80712 03605 40705 03115 50412
00220 50310 03615 03325

3. Ceiling: Ceiling on July 25, 1966, clear until approximately 0930 GMT,
at which time a ceiling of 900 feet moved into the area. On July 26, 1966,
virtually the same thing occurred with it being clear until about 0930 GMT, and
again a 900 ft. ceiling moving into the area. On July 27, 1966, it was clear
during the entire period.


- page 5 -

4. Visibility: July 25, 1966, visibility 15 miles or more until 0930 GMT when it became reduced to about 10 miles. July 26, 1966, visibility ranged from 15 miles at 0500 GMT down to 10 miles at 0930 GMT. July 27, 1966, visibility ranged from 15 miles at 0600 GMT down to 12 miles at 0930 GMT.

5. Amount of cloud coverage: July 25, 1966 no cloud coverage apparent until 0930 GMT, at which time a complete overcast moved in. July 26, 1966 no cloud coverage apparent until 0930 GMT when a cloud coverage of more than five-tenths to less than nine-tenths covered the sky. July 27, 1966 no cloud coverage was apparent.

6. Thunder storms in area and quadrant: The Weather Bureau advises that there were no thunder storms in the area and no rain showers reported or visible on their radar.

7. Vertical temperature gradient:

July 25, 1966   1200 GMT
Level           Temperature
Surface         21 C
5,000           15 C
10,000          8 C
15,000          2 C
20,000          -9 C
25,000         -20 C
30,000         -35 C

July 26, 1966   1200 GMT
Level           Temperature
Surface         21 C
5,000           16 C
10,000          7 C
15,000          -2 C
20,000         -11 C
25,000         -21 C
30,000         -35 C

H. Other Unusual Activities and Conditions - Meteorological or Astronomical or Otherwise: There were no other unusual activities, conditions, meteorological or astronomical or otherwise that were apparent to our personnel or to the Weather Bureau Airport Station personnel at Atlanta Airport.

I. N/A

J. Location of object, approximate altitude and distance of flight of air traffic or balloon releases in area: Since this is a major terminal area, there are no doubt many aircraft departures and arrivals at Municipal Airport that passed in this immediate vicinity, both jet and propeller driven type. There were no balloon releases of which we were cognizant. There were no military operations that we were aware of.


- page 6 -

K. My title is Chief of the Flight Service Station at Fulton County Airport, Atlanta, Georgia. I have spent the entire night in preparing this report, interviewing the witnesses and observing some of the phenomenon. I have discussed previously some of the observations made by free lance photographers. I do not feel at this point that I have enough information to offer much constructive comment. I feel that some of the objects could have easily been very high flying aircraft engaged in refueling operations. It is also my feeling that some of the lighting affected my have been caused by the denser atmosphere when the objects were closer, say within 30 degrees of the horizon. It is felt, however, particularly after discussion with some experienced free lance observers, that some unusual activity was in progress and that the objects were capable of motions not commonly known to the general public or to the average FAA employee. I personally observed objects remain virtually stationary, having rested binoculars on an automobile top, and then suddenly move off at a very rapid rate. I feel that only way that laymen such as I would be able to come to any definite conclusion concerning the altitude of these objects would be for all FAA facilities noting these phenomenon to take a clinometer reading at the time and elevation. I feel that I can do nothing other than submit the attached report with the hope that I will be of some assistance in determining exactly what the explanation may be.

L. Existence of physical Evidence such as Photographs, etc.: One of the free lance photographers, which was quite equipped with telephoto lens and exceptionally high speed camera equipment, is very hopeful that he has some pictures which he has promised to produce for my viewing if they develop. If these become available to me, I will submit them forthwith, with any other evidence we may obtain in the meantime.

[Signed]
Chief, Flight Service Station
Atlanta, Georgia


- page 7 -

On July 25, 1966 at 0840 GMT I stepped out of the door to make a routine weather observation and promptly noticed two exceptionally bright lights toward the West moving in opposite directions. Their location was estimated to be approximately 290 degrees true from the observation point, which is the Federal Aviation Agency Building on Fulton County Airport. The lights were approximately 30 degrees above the horizon. The light to the right appeared to be climbing Northwest, while the one to the left appeared to be descending Southeast. At this point my observation ceased due to press of other duties. It was particularly noted that they were white lights with no apparent standard navigation lights. No shape or overall appearance was noted since at this point it was believed to be a satellite. No sound was heard. No change of color was noted at this time. The size, using the criteria described in the outline, appeared to be about the size of a pea.

At 0925 GMT I went out to observe a cloud bank moving in from the Northeast. At this time, I was noted that a bright light was located Northeast, estimated to bear 70 degrees true from the observation point at the FAA Building and estimated to be between 20 degrees and 30 degrees above the horizon. The size of the light appeared to be about the size of a typewritten capital letter "O". When viewed through 7X50 binoculars, manufactured by Swift, it appeared about the size of a pea. With the aid of binoculars it was noted that an object was dangling from the white light which gave an impression of being cylindrical but could possibly have been flat. It was definitely longer than it was wide. I checked with the Atlanta Air Route Traffic Control Center and Atlanta Tower, and while I received radar reports of an aircraft in the area West where the objects were first observed, no positive correlation could possibly be made between the two. I definitely heard no sound from the objects. The Atlanta Tower called to advise that a Tallaporsa, Georgia police officer had called to report a bright light moving near that location with no sound emanating therefrom.

On July 26, 1966 at 0745 GMT another object was noted bearing about 90 degrees from the Flight Service Station and about 30 degrees above the horizon which moved toward the North and then returned back to the East. It was viewed through binoculars and the main body appeared to have rather a distorted appearance, somewhat essentially oval in shape including the previously cylindrical object of cylindrical appearance. A blue grayish glow surrounded the object to a distance about twice the width of the object. No sound emanated from the object. Motion of a very erratic nature was visible through the binoculars, while a known star simultaneously visible was virtually stationary.

At 0755 GMT the object had become apparently stationary and some believed it to be a star, however, while looking through binoculars I saw a section of the object separate and drop a short distance then hang. At this point I noticed the object changing colors from red to green to white to possibly some blue. In accordance with the criteria, the object appeared to be about the size of a pea.


- page 8 -

At 0825 GMT I noted another object high to the West and moving. It moved Northward, and I could see through the binoculars the same changing colored lights that characterized the first object. As I was comparing the two, I saw a third object near the horizon East-Northeast and slightly further North than the first. This information was reported to the Officer of the Day at Dobbins Air Force Base.

At 0905 GMT I obtained a definite clinometer reading which was 30 degrees above the plane of the earth. This was the object located approximately 70 degrees true from the observation point.

At 0930 GMT broken clouds blocked further view of the unidentified flying objects.

On July 27, 1966 at 0540 GMT I observed through binoculars a semi-stationary light in approximately the same position as the light seen yesterday at this time. It changed colors rapidly from red to green to white and emanated a faint blue glow not noted on surrounding stars. At 0630 GMT I saw a bright light moving generally South to North. It maintained a steady course and speed and was regarded as a satellite by many witnesses such as news reporters, etc., who were present.

At 0855 GMT I saw a large bright light on the horizon to the East. It appeared to be rising slowly. At 0950 GMT the above bright light, regarded by some as being the Eastern Star, was measured as being 15 degrees above the horizon. At 1003 GMT this same light, considered to be the Eastern Star, was measured as being 15 degrees above the horizon. At 1026 GMT this same light measured 20 degrees above the plane of the earth. It was dimmer but clearly visible. The other light had disappeared with the first rays of sunrise. In all of the above four entries, the colors appeared to be changing rapidly.

[Signed]
Robert A. Bennett,
Supervisory Air Traffic Control Specialist
Atlanta Flight Service Station


- page 9 -

On July 25, 1966 at 0842 GMT I observed two objects close together and very bright about 70 degrees above the horizon, bearing about 290 degrees from the Flight Service Station. The one on the left moved to the left and appeared to become stationary. The one on the right moved toward a Northerly direction at extremely rapid rate of movement. Impression was of very high altitude. Shape not definable at this point.

The size was considered to be about the size of a dime, considering usual stars to be about the size of a head of a pin.

The color appeared to be a whitish orange when together. Did not notice color changes until it reached a point about 20 degrees above the horizon, and at this point it appeared, through binoculars, to change color and also at this point it appeared, through binoculars, to be the size of a lemon.

There was no sound heard from the object. The object appeared to have disappeared because of the oncoming daylight.

The objects were in view for approximately one hour and twenty minutes. My observations were from the sound and observed with the unaided eye with occasional use of 7X50 binoculars.

I am absolutely positive it was not a conventional aircraft within my present knowledge of aircraft operations.

Color changes were rhythmic and not believed caused by atmospheric conditions.

On July 26, 1966 at 0738 GMT observed UFO approximately East of Station moving to North and back to East with a shape and color same as night before, located about 20 degrees above horizon.

At 0825 GMT observed motion of UFO between two stars that were not moving. UFO moving Northward, did not note change of color.

On July 27, 1966 at 0540 GMT I observed, through binoculars, what appeared to be the same object seen about the same position on previous night. Object was changing colors which did not conform with adjacent stars. At about 0630 GMT another object was observed moving from overhead South to North maintaining same speed and course. This was regarded as being a satellite by approximately 12 to 15 people present at this time. First object remained visible until sunrise.

Air Traffic Control Specialist
Atlanta Flight Service Station


- page 10 -

On July 25, 1966 at about 0845 GMT I was told of what was thought to be two satellites overhead. I went out Cox for a moment and noticed them moving in opposite directions and returned to my position to meet a scheduled operation.

On July 26, 1966 at approximately 0730 GMT my attention was called to a bright light, eastward, toward the Northeast, covered the sky when viewed through the binoculars could be readily identified as having lights changing from red to green to occasionally white. No sound was heard.

On July 27, 1966 at about 0630 GMT my attention was called to what was stated to be a satellite moving overhead toward the Northeast at a rapid rate, finally disappearing beyond the horizon.

Supervisory
Communications Relay Equipment Operator
Atlanta Flight Service Station


- page 11 -

Atlanta, Georgia                31 July 66

FTD (TDESR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
22 August 1966

Mr. [redacted]
Smyrna, Georgia 30080

Dear [redacted]:

Reference your unidentified observation of 31 July 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient
for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD
Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

[signature]
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 12 -

On July 25, 1966 at approximately 0840 GMT I observed two bright lights traveling in opposite directions, one toward the East and one toward the West. Objects were extremely bright about 80 degrees from the horizon. These were observed with the unaided eye. No sound was heard. Gave impressions of being extremely high. Observed for a period of about five minutes. Changing colors visible. According to criteria in outline, object was about the size of a pea.

At about 0925 GMT viewed bright light to Northeast at about 30 degrees above horizon with distinctly changing colors of red, green and white. With the unaided eye it was smaller than a pea and not as distinct as the observation of two previous ones. Through binoculars the size appeared distinctly larger than a pea and the colors were distinctly rotating. It appeared to be stationary. In was observed by a cloud bank.

On July 26, 1966 at 0745 GMT I viewed the object at about the same position East-Northeast as was noted at 0925 GMT yesterday. Through binoculars it gave a distinct impression of being in two parts with the upper part emanating alternating red, green and white lights with the hanging part reflecting these on occasion. Green seemed to be the predominant color.

On July 27, 1966 at a time reckoned unknown I noted the presence of the object East-Northeast with the only difference being that it appeared smaller. During an unknown period of time it moved from about 30 degrees to about 60 degrees above the horizon and toward the East.

Communications Relay Equipment Operator
Atlanta, Flight Service Station


- page 13 -

On July 25, 1966 at approximately 0840 GMT I noted two extremely bright objects somewhat to the West of directly overhead. The one on the right proceeded in a northerly direction at a rapid rate of speed. The other proceeded at a slower speed in a Southerly direction. The color was a bright white. No sound was heard.

On July 26, 1966 at about 0755 GMT I was called out to note an object that had a characteristic red blinking upper light and green blinking lower light with what appeared to be a gray band in between. It would compare in size to a pea based on criteria. It remained stationary during my observation which was of a relatively short duration.

On July 27, 1966 I have nothing to contribute that has not already been stated by others.

Communications Relay Equipment Operator
Atlanta Flight Service Station


- page 14 -

On July 25, 1966 at approximately 0845 GMT I, with others, observed two very bright lights almost overhead slightly to the West. They appeared to be stationary, then one left in Northeasterly direction at a high rate of speed. The other proceeded in a Westerly direction at a slower speed.

At approximately 0925 GMT an object appeared in the Northeast approximately 30 degrees above the horizon that viewed with the unaided eye appeared to have an object either hanging from it or in close proximity to it. This object had colored reflections which varied considerably at times.

On July 26, 1966 at approximately 0825 GMT while viewing one unidentified flying object through binoculars, it appeared to separate itself and an object appeared to hang some distance below the main object. I heard no sound from or of these aircraft.

These objects were not aircraft within my conception of presently operating aircraft.

On July 27, 1966 some of the same objects appeared but quite a large group of T. V. and news media personnel were observing, therefore, we avoided interfering.

Electronics Maintenance Technician
Airways Facilities Section


- page 15 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 445TH MILITARY AIRLIFT WING (RESERVE) (CONAC)
DOBBIN AIR FORCE BASE, GEORGIA 30060

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: OD (1stLt Frank E. Moss)                                   27 July 1966

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO:    Group Intelligence Officer

1. The following unidentified Flying Objects were reported 26 Jul 66.

    a. Mr. [redacted], Lockheed employee, reported an alternating
    red and green light which he observed Sunday, 24 Jul 66, at approximately
    2200 hours in Rome, Ga.

    b. Mrs. [redacted], Decatur, Ga., reported a
    red light moving back and forth in the sky at approximately 2200 hours,
    Monday, 25 Jul 66.

    c. Mr. [redacted], Austell, Ga. and Mr. [redacted]
    which took 10 seconds to clear the horizon. Three minutes later two
    Air Force jets followed. Reported at 2110 hours, Tuesday, 26 Jul 66.

    d. Mr. [redacted], N.W., Atlanta, saw a
    yellow disc at approximately 2255 hours near Tremble Rd., Sandy Springs.
    It appeared to be landing.

    e. Mrs. [redacted] Apt 6, and Mrs. [redacted] Apt 5,
    Atlanta, reported white lights landed in the woods across the street
    from their apartments at approximately 2330 hours. Security enforcement NCOIC was instructed to notify Atlanta police and receive report.

    f. Mrs. [redacted], Atlanta, reported witnessing
    red and green lights standing still in the sky for 20 minutes at' 2400
    hours.

    g. Lt. [redacted] reported at 0100 hours,
    0135 hours, 0245 hours and 0300 hours observing 2 or 3 UFO appearing
    as shooting stars, being white or blue in color. At the last report
    the stars turned red.

    h. Mr. [redacted], Atlanta, reported 2 or 3 UFO's
    in the shape of a star, blue or white in color with a flashing red
    light hovering over downtown Atlanta.

[Signature]
FRANK E. MOSS, 1stLt USAF
Officer of the Day


- page 16 -

FUD (TIBER)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
22 August 1966

Mr.
Atlanta, Georgia 30307

Dear

Reference your unidentified observation of 31 July 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient
for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FPD
Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 17 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 918TH MILITARY AIRLIFT GROUP (RESERVE) (CONAC)
DOBBINS AIR FORCE BASE, GEORGIA 30060

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: GI                                                                                1 August 1966

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Foreign Technology Division
     Air Force Systems Command
     Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. The attached information constitutes consolidated reports obtained from the Fulton County Station, Federal Aviation Agency, and sightings telephoned to the duty officer, Dobbins AFB, Georgia, during the period 24-31 July 1966.

2. The undersigned has directed the establishment of specific procedures to be followed for subsequent reports telephoned to this installation.

3. Future reports originating with Federal Aviation Agency personnel will be fully coordinated with this headquarters for forwarding to appropriate commands.

4. Extract of UFO reports from Officer of the Day Report, 31 July 1966, is listed below:

a. 0230 hours: A UFO was reported by Mr. [redacted] from Smyrna, Georgia. Reported that UFO was first sighted at approximately 0215 hours as he and his wife were watching satellite. He and his wife observed another light which appeared to be approaching the satellite. This light was changing colors, white to red to blue, and seemed to be going to collide with the satellite. After the satellite passed, however, the UFO stayed and Mr. [redacted] was viewing it while making his report. After taking this report, the Intelligence Officer, Major Shaddix, was contacted and he suggested that the Information Officer and Atlanta Control Tower be contacted. The Atlanta Control Tower stated they could not be anything unusual by the naked eye or radar. When Mr. [redacted] was advised that Atlanta Airport could not see anything but would maintain lookout, he insisted the could still see it and offered to come over and point the UFO out. Captain Oglesby, the Information Officer, was requested to come over and try for a picture. Prior to Mr. [redacted] and Captain Oglesby getting here, a cloud cover moved in and no photos were obtained.

b. 0250-0350 hours: A UFO was reported by Mr. [redacted] S. B., Atlanta, Georgia, telephone [redacted]


- page 18 -

Mr. [redacted] stated he had seen more than one darting about, looked like star but changes color from blush white to yellow, directly over his house almost every night.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JESSE W. SHADDIX, Major, AFRes
Intelligence Officer

cy to:
Hq USAF (SAFOI)
Washington, D.C.
Hq CONAC (OI)
Attn: Major Smith

2 Atchs
1. ltr 445 MAW (BOI)
dtd 29 Jul 66 w/atchs
2. ltr 445 MAW (OD)
dtd 27 Jul 66

2


- page 19 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 4451H MILITARY AIRLIFT WING (RESERVE) (CONAC)
DOBBINS AIR FORCE BASE, GEORGIA 30060

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:   BOI                                       29 July 1966
SUBJECT:   Unidentified Flying Object Reports

TO:        918 MAG (G1/Maj Shaddix)

1. Attached herewith are official reports of UFO sightings obtained from the Federal Aviation Agency, Atlanta, Georgia at the specific request of this headquarters.

2. Subject report follows the criteria prescribed in AFR 200-2.

3. Subsequent reports to this office will be forwarded for appropriate action.

GEORGE M. MELVIN
Information Officer

2 Atchs
1-2. FAA Memo, 27 & 28 Jul 66


- page 20 -

FORM FAA-300 (6-61)                                                 FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY

UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
Memorandum

DATE: July 27, 1966     2:15 PMEST

SUBJECT: Report of UFO received from Mr. N.E., Buckhead area, Atlanta.

FROM : Editor-Writer, SO-5A

TO   : Public Affairs Officer, SO-5

Mr. [redacted] the following is "gist" of highlights taken by me in shorthand for your information and reference covering your conversation with a Mr. [redacted] above address, which also relates to other reports of Unidentified Flying Objects sighted in the Atlanta area during the past three days:

Mr. [redacted] related, in part, "...on Sunday evening, at approximately 9:30 PM EST, July 24, 1966, my eight-year old boy was running up my driveway with two of his playmates, a 13-year-old girl and a 10-year-old boy, when suddenly, the three children were confronted by two bright lights standing in front of them and just above with, with a great black canopy hanging over them. Right after it happened, the children came screaming, badly frightened, with their eyes badly inflamed, tears streaming from their eyes, and complaining that their eyes were hurting and stinging. The children reported that shortly after being confronted, this 'object' took off, straight up, 'like a bolt of lightning', and disappeared. They described the 'object' as being reddish-bluish, with two blinking bright lights."

Mr. [redacted] then related that he had been prone to discount their descriptions as children's imagination until he had of FFA sighting by Mr. [redacted] near the Fulton airport which reports appeared in local papers. He decided that he would relay the information to us. He reported that the children's eyes were still blood-shot, irritated, and quite painful as late as Monday, 7/25. He stated he was prompted to make his report to us because the children's descriptions matched closely Mr. [redacted] description of these unidentified lights or objects.

The following are in answer to specific questions that you then asked Mr. [redacted]:

Q. What was the exact time of the incident, again?
A. Approximately 9:30 PM EST, Sunday, July 24, 1966.

Q. How close did the object come to the children?
A. The children are 8 years, 13 years and 10 years. The object, according to them, was just above their eye-level.

Q. Were there any other signs of burns, marks on them?
A. None. They were just badly frightened and complained about their eyes.

Q. How many lights did they see?
A. Two bright lights. Side by side. The "black canopy" appeared to be holding up the lights.

Q. Speed of the object, again?
A. From the children's description, an almost instantaneous "shooting up" - straight up.

Mr. [redacted] telephone [redacted] was also referred to the appropriate Dobbins AFB office and requested to relate this info to them.


- page 21 -

UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
Memorandum

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY

DATE: July 28, 1966

SUBJECT: Report of Unidentified Flying Objects

FROM : Chief, FSS, Atlanta, Georgia

TO : Chief, Air Traffic Branch, ATL-500

The attached report is submitted concerning the unidentified flying objects reported by this facility during the period July 25 - 27, 1966, and is expressed in the format prescribed. All of the personnel concerned as witnesses to the events have been interviewed and their statements are attached hereto as part of this report.

Enclosure

[There is a received stamp dated JUL 29 1966]


- page 22 -

ATLANTA FLIGHT SERVICE STATION
FULTON COUNTY AIRPORT
ATLANTA, GEORGIA

REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
REPORTED DURING THE PERIOD
JULY 25 - 27, 1966


- page 23 -

