The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document related to Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document appears to be a report or record of some kind, with various fields and sections to be filled out, such as "Date-Time Group", "Location", "Source", "Number of Objects", "Length of Observation", "Type of Observation", "Course", "Photos", and "Physical Evidence".

PROJECT BLUE BOOK RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 15 NOV 66, 1330Z
2. LOCATION: DOYLESTOWN, P.
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: ONE HOUR
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: AIR VISUAL
7. COURSE: ESE
8. PHOTOS: NONE
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NONE

- page 1 -

The image appears to contain a questionnaire form from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information regarding the sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO). There is no photograph included in this particular page of the document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information which may be valuable for research purposes. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you supply may be used in connection with any similar reports, without your permission. We request this personal information only so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
15 - October - 66

2. Time of day:
10:00
(Circle One): A.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): c. Eastern

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: City or Town: Doylestown
State: Penn.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
15 Minutes

5.1 How long was object in sight? (Circle One)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
a. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY:
c. Bright
a. Clear

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
(Circle One): d. To your left

8. Direction of object from observer at first sighting: 
North

9. Apparent size of object compared to the size of:
a. Full moon - Smaller
b. Thumbnail at arm's length - Smaller

10. Color of object:
White

11. Did object have exhaust or trail?
No

12. Did object have wings or other distinguishing features?
Round

13. How did object disappear from view?
Flew away

14. What was the attitude or motion of the object? (Circle One)
a. Stationary
b. Moving slowly
c. Moving fast

15. What was the speed of the object?
Fast

16. Describe any unusual actions of the object:
Climbed into cloud cover

17. How many objects were seen?
1

18. Sketch the object or objects, indicating direction of flight path if applicable:
No Sketch

FTD FORM 716 APR 64 This form supersedes AFT 146, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or checklist for reporting UFO sightings.

a. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
b. WHAT WERE THE CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
c. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
d. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR? (Circle One)
e. COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT
f. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
g. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)

The text appears to be formatted in a way that resembles an optical character recognition (OCR) output.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a series of questions and blank spaces for responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered in front of: No

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?  
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered in front of: No

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: N/a
b. Color: N/a

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically show by an arrow which way the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a collection of historical documents related to the U.S. government's investigations of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the image is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)
Yes
No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)
Yes
No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) _____________
e. At sea
f. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section
b. In the residential section
c. In open country
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)
Yes
No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
Yes
No
b. Sun glasses
Yes
No
c. Telescope
Yes
No
d. Window glass
Yes
No

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as you observed.

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch or diagram, but no photograph. The sketch depicts a horizon with an object or objects in the sky, and includes annotations providing instructions for the viewer to imagine the scene and draw related sketches.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the horizon high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the horizon to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was moving.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about a sighting.

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] First Name
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] City Doylestown, Pa.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] AGE: 2 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Month November Year 1966

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a questionnaire or form related to a UFO sighting report.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 Aug 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in this specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEST/UFO
UFO Observation, 15 November 1966
Doylestown, Pennsylvania
Dear Major Quintanilla:
Reference your unidentified observation of 15 November 1966. We have reviewed the information and made a preliminary evaluation. Request you complete the attached UFD Form 16 and return it in the envelope provided.
We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
Sincerely,
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
1 Atch
UFD Form 16

- page 9 -

