PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 19 September 66 13/1002
2. LOCATION: Columbus, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer noted web like structure, like something you could see through a microscope. The thing seemed to be moving or revolving but stayed in the same place. The dog barked during the observation. Suddenly the object disappeared. With the information available no definite evaluation is possible. Examine the case is being carried as Insufficient Data.

FORM: FTD SEP 69 0-327 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

OCT 11 1966

Dear Mr.

We have consulted our Project Blue Book investigative office concerning the unusual sighting you reported to us in your September 16th letter. They have advised us that nothing quite like this has been previously reported.

The fact that your dog barked would seem to rule out an optical illusion since it is most likely the dog's attention was aroused by a sound (possibly beyond the range of human hearing) rather than a sight.

I am enclosing some literature and a sighting report form. We cannot assure you that we will be able to explain this phenomenon, but, should Mr. agree to fill out and return this form to us, we will try. You can assure her, too, that we will not disclose her identity should she choose to submit a report.

Thank you for your interest and cooperation.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Atch
ATIC Form 164 and
Blue Book Report

Mr.
State House
Columbus, Ohio 43215


- page 2 -

OHIO LEGISLATIVE SERVICE COMMISSION

SENATE MEMBERS
Theodore M. Gray
Chairman
Anthony O. Calabrese
Charles J. Carney
Ed Carrington

Frank W. King
Michael J. Maloney
Charles W. Whelan, Jr.

HOUSE MEMBERS
A. G. Landes
Vice-Chairman
Ralph D. Cole, Jr.
Robert E. Holms
Henry V. Jump

Lloyd George Karns
Robert F. Rockman
Thomas L. Thomas

September 16, 1966

Project Blue-Book
Project Officer
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Fairborn, Ohio 45324

Dear Sir:

At noon on September 13, 1966, my wife was cutting grass in the yard with hand shears. Our dog started barking wildly at something in the air. (The sky was overcast.) My wife looked up in the direction in which he was barking (almost straight overhead) and though she saw something dark, with some sort of a web-like structure. She described it as like either a web of ropes you could partially see through - like something you might see through a microscope. The thing seemed to be moving or revolving but stayed in the same place. Thinking she was seeing some kind of optical illusion she turned away. But as the dog continued to bark she asked our two boys, ages six and four, to look up and see if they saw anything. They all looked up and my wife saw the same thing again. At the same time, the dog stopped barking after this second sighting.

Neither my wife nor I would swear that something of substance was there. We feel there may be any of a number of natural explanations of which we are unaware. On the possibility that information you have received with respect to UFO sightings has turned up similar instances, I should appreciate any comments you may be able to make. If you have heard of a similar pattern of alleged sightings, that too, would be interesting.

While I await your reply, I will consult my physician, my ophthalmologist, and my psychiatrist to see if they have any opinions on the matter. Actually, my wife is quite healthy and well-balanced and was quite reluctant to tell me of this, thinking I'd just laugh. I did; but I also thought it would be wise to see if anyone else had a similar experience.

Thanks you for your consideration.

Yours very truly,

Director

DAJ:MM


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

OHIO LEGISLATIVE SERVICE COMMISSION

SENATE MEMBERS
Anthony O. Calabrese
Charles J. Carney
Ed Garrigon

Theodore M. Gray
Chairman

Frank W. King
Michael J. Maloney
Charles W. Whelan, Jr.

HOUSE MEMBERS
Ralph D. Cole, Jr.
Robert E. Holmes
Harry V. Jump

A. C. Landis
Vice-Chairman
Lloyd George Kerns
Robert R. Redmon
Thomas L. Thomas

September 16, 1966

Project Blue-Book
Project Officer
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio 45324

Dear Sir:

At noon on September 13, 1966, my wife was cutting grass in the yard with hand shears. Our dog started barking wildly at something in the air. (The sky was overcast.) My wife looked up in the direction in which he was barking (almost straight overhead) and thought she saw something dark, with some sort of a web-like structure. She described it as like either a web of ropes you could partially see or like something you might see through a microscope. The thing seemed to be moving or revolving but stayed in the same place. Thinking she was seeing some kind of optical illusion she turned away. But as the dog continued to bark she asked our two boys, ages six and four, to look up and see if they saw anything. They all looked up and my wife saw the same thing again. Mark, age 6, said he saw something black. As my wife looked at it, the thing disappeared. The dog stopped barking after chasing something away.

Neither my wife nor I would swear that something of substance was there. We feel there may be any of a number of natural explanations of which we are unaware. On the possible that information you have received with respect to UFO sightings has turned up similar instances, I should appreciate any comments you may be able to make. If you have never heard of a similar pattern of alleged sightings, that too, would be interesting.

While I await your reply, I will consult my physician, my ophthalmologist, and my psychiatrist to see if they have any opinions on the matter. Actually, my wife is quite healthy and well-balanced and was quite reluctant to tell me of this. Thinking I'd just laugh, I did; but I also thought it would be wise to see if anyone else had a similar experience.

Thanks you for your consideration.

Yours very truly,
[Signature redacted]
Director

DAJ:MM

STATE HOUSE                    COLUMBUS, OHIO 43215                    Tel. 469-3615


- page 4 -

13 Sept 66
Columbus, Ohio

OCT 11 1966

Dear Mr.

We have consulted our Project Blue Book Investigative office concerning the unusual sighting you reported to us in your September 16th letter. They have advised us that nothing quite like this has been previously reported.

The fact that your dog barked would seem to rule out an optical illusion since it is most likely the dog's attention was aroused by a sound (possibly beyond the range of human hearing) rather than a sight.

I am inclosing some literature and a sighting report form. We cannot assure you that we will be able to explain this phenomenon, but, should Mrs. agree to fill out and return the form for us, we will try. You can assure her, too, that we will not disclose her identity should she choose to submit a report.

Thank you for your interest and cooperation.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Atch
PCD Form 164 and
Blue Book Report

[Recipient Address]
State House
Columbus, Ohio 43215


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
13     Sept     66
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 12 1
               Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is blacked out]     Columbus     Ohio
                                City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                                Hours   30 1   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? [No response]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?  Yes     No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                           NIGHT
a. Bright                     a. Bright
b. Cloudy                     b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right       f. Don't remember

[Handwritten note on question 7: toward horizon down, slightly left and slightly left but the day was]

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 6 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes  (No)  Don't know
Yes  (No)  Don't know
Yes  (No)  Don't know
Yes  (No)  Don't know
Yes  (No)  Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes - it just wasn't there any more and I have no idea how it went.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [blank]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: [blank]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - There was no sound or if there was I could not hear it.
b. Color - [blank]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included with notes like "not clearly defined", "lighter", and "these weird little lines seemed to move but not in any direction"]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   if it were to height a tree or house
                           w/ 3 trees app. 50 a 30 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type) _______________
e. At sea
f. Other _______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near on airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South         g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses    Yes   No
c. Windshield     Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars     Yes   No
f. Telescope      Yes   No
g. Theodolite     Yes   No
h. Other _______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A big path car thru these you like under a mountain go w/ something shiny of an orient object.


- page 9 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[Blank response]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Own 6 year old -
Columbus, Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
Last Name                First Name            Middle Name

ADDRESS
Street            Columbus            31      Ohio
City            Zone            State

TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]   AGE 36   SEX F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[Blank]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day        Sept        Year
Told all his (private end) then earth 4 yes.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    27    Oct    1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 12 -

