PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
24 Nov 66     21552

2. LOCATION
Union City, Georgia                2

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual Tx

7. COURSE
southward

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[XX] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[XX] No

10. CONCLUSION
Balloon(possible)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched a oval shaped object which was about the size of a BB at arm's length slowly travel toward the southern sky. The object was greenish-yellow in color with a sky blue center. The object was moving very, very slow. It was first observed at a local playground and a few minutes later at one of the observers house. The object just disappeared after 20 minutes.

FORM
FTD SP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

90°   75°   60°   45°   30°   15°   0°

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A ____________ B

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS P.O. Box        Union City, Ga     State Berry Ga
TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE 15     SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
I have studied UFO's for almost 2 years and am an "A" student in science. I do not support the idea that UFO's are from outer space. Myself saw was probably a temperature inversion or something, but I thought you would like to know

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?    U.S. Air Force
2-27        November    1966
Day         Month       Year


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
3     6 January    1967
Day   Month        Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The rest of the page is blank.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Union City, Georgia                                                24 Nov 66

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    TDEN/UFO                                               12 JAN 1967

SUBJECT:    UFO Observation, 24 Nov 66

TO:         [Redacted address in Union City, Georgia 30291]

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

                                                    JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
                                                    Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 5 -

PO Box
Union City, Georgia 30271

Project Blue Book Information Office
SAFOI
Washington, D.C. 20330

Mr. Quintanilla:

Enclosed is a report and description of a UFO that I and official recently observed. I have written down all information I could remember and I have also drawn a picture of it.

I would appreciate it if you would send me the booklet "Aids to Identification of Flying Objects," etc.

I hope the information enclosed will be helpful.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

164


- page 6 -

Seen Nov. 24, 1966 4:55 PM Est. Union City, Georgia.


- page 7 -

Time/Place of sighting: 4:55 PM, EST, November 24, 1966, Union City, Georgia. 18 miles south of Atlanta.
Duration: 20 minutes
Number of Observers: 2
Type of observer: Two students of Campbell High School of Fairburn, Georgia. 9th grade. Both 14 years of age.
Number of Objects: One
Shape: Oblong, seemed to be solid.
Dimensions: About the size of a "BB" shot held at arms length.
Color: Greenish-yellow, sky-blue center.
Sound: none
Altitude: Varied, but no way to accurately tell.
Speed: Very, very slow.
Tactics: Moved southeast, stopping intermittently. Object just vanished in mid-air at 5:15 PM EST.
Comment: I observed the object through a small 20-power telescope. I first noticed it while playing basketball at a local playground. I ran to my house to get my telescope to get a better look at it. Once it stopped for 5-6 minutes. Drawing on next page.


- page 8 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
24 November 1965
Day     Month     Year

2. Time of day: 4 : 55
               Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? I first saw the object while playing basketball at a school playground near my house. I later observed it in my front yard.
                                            Union City, Georgia
Nearest Postal Address                      City or Town         State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
20     Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
5.1 How was time in sight determined? I looked at my watch before and after the sighting.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright X           a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Automobile Headlights

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   none
b. Color   greenish-yellow with sky blue center

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and not how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?   all of it

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an oval/disc-shaped object with an arrow indicating its direction of movement]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? about 10-25 miles high

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. inside a building
b. In a car
c. (Outdoors)
d. In an airplane (type) _______
e. At sea
f. Other _______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. in the business section of a city?
b. in the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South           g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest       h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No       e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No        f. Telescope       Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No        g. Theodolite      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No        h. Other ____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Possibly a satellite.


- page 12 -

