There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing a UFO sighting.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 15-15 April 66 15/0930Z
2. LOCATION: Staten Island, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 Minutes, Plus
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: In the SE
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (Venus)

The report states that the observer noted a large circle of red pulsating light from her static window at about 0.30. The object was watched for five minutes, and as it was observed, it drifted slowly. The conclusion is that the object observed was the planet Venus.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Gentlemen:

Last night about 5:30 A.M. I was awaking up my phone that the World War II stores close to my home as a barrage of bombs or some threatening looking objects passing over our neighborhood at a very high speed, and the "something" was so bright that it was lighting up the whole neighborhood. I watched these objects for about 5 to 10 minutes and they were traveling towards the Bridge and out over the water.

The objects were quite large and round and appeared to be about 40 to 50 feet in diameter, and they were glowing with an orange-red color. They were traveling in a wedge formation and when one made a turn, the others followed in unison.

This is the first time I have ever seen anything like this and could not believe my eyes. I have no idea what they were, but they certainly were not any kind of aircraft that I have ever seen before.

I would appreciate it very much if you would have someone investigate this incident and let me know the results. Thank you.

Sincerely,
[Illegible signature]
June 7, 1966

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. The image shows a page from what appears to be an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the image:

Sighting made the items on Radar - Resident a Residents of the city of sight was exactly correct [or completely stationary?] until lights as a plane down + took time to reappear + remained stationary i. e. did not move as a plane would. I minimize the sighting except the fact that it was on radar and confirm that the observers were realiable persons, and this is a Report.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It shows an envelope addressed to "Wright Patterson Field, Dayton, Ohio, F.w. ufo, U.S.o. Dept."

Text found in the document:
Wright Patterson Field
Dayton, Ohio F.W. UFO
U.S.O. Dept.

- page 4 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information regarding a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you further details.

1. When did you see the object? 4-15 APRIL 1966 
2. Time of day: 4:30 

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): A. Eastern B. Central C. Mountain D. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object? STATEN ISLAND NEW YORK

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Not very sures
5.1 How was time in sight determined? It was about there, I looked away
5.2 Was the object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY NIGHT A.M. BEFORE DAY BREAK B. Bright C. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your back c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page is filled with text and various multiple-choice questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch-dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: A large circle of lightning horizontal lights at a distance.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire and a hand-drawn diagram.

OCR Text Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? For about 5 minutes + it started to slowly disappear. I never down details.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? No
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? No
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound A curious far away roar, b. Color gray-white and reflective and c. Size A very small object
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? A very small patch - I may be wrong on this.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially any trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Fairly fast only

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 100 miles far

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other (specify)

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? Small town
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. South    e. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. It might be a planet, the moon, a star, a plane, a bird, a balloon, etc.
A moving cirlce of red point-like objects, much smaller than a star, and moving with a rapid, jerking motion in a circular path.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document or report related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page contains diagrams and instructions for the observer to sketch an object or objects they observed, as well as compass directions and a diagram of a compass. There is also some handwritten text on the page.

TEXT OUTPUT:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

30      75  
        60
        45

                N
                W        E 
                            S
                            
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Some times the
object appeared to
stop & then move again in
the same direction 

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Only one

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report form.

HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THIS, OR A SIMILAR OBJECT BEFORE. IF SO GIVE DATE OR DATES AND LOCATION.
SOME YEARS AGO ON ----, 19--, IN ----
WAS ANYONE ELSE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT? (CIRCLE ONE) Yes / No
IF YOU ANSWERED YES, DID THEY SEE THE OBJECT TOO? (CIRCLE ONE) Yes / No
PLEASE LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES:

PLEASE GIVE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 57
SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

WHEN AND TO WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SEEN THE OBJECT? AUGUST 15, 1963

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 1 Day 12 Month 1966 Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I got up to go inside to make a phone call and as I was going to the house I happen to look up in the sky. I noticed a small star-like object moving rapidly to the east. I would estimate the speed of the object at about 500 miles per hour based on its fast movement, compared to the motion of regular aircraft. The object was white in color, about the size of a bright star, and it flew in a straight line, not up and down or side to side.
I do not know what the object was. It could have been a fast moving satellite or a shooting star. Radars throughout the area at that time were negative.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document.

FTD (NDEW)
Wiliam-patterson AFB, OHIO 45433
10 MAY 1966

Staten Island, New York 10308

Dear Mr. [REDACTED],

Reference your recent unidentified observation. The information in your letter of 28 April 1966 was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

I wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 12 -

