The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 23 NOV 65 
2. LOCATION: Natroma Heights, Pennsylvania
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: NO
10. CONCLUSION: Aerial (Possible)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Several children at school reported seeing an object in the sky. They described it as bright, round, and moving rapidly. The object disappeared behind a tree and was not seen again.
The description is consistent with that of an aircraft, but the rapid movement and disappearance behind the tree could have been responsible for the observation.

FTD FAPR 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a questionnaire form visible. There is no photograph shown in this image.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 8 Nov 66
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific portions of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report documenting a UFO observation.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

TEST/UFO
UFO Observation, 23 November 1966
Natrona Heights, Pennsylvania 15065
Date:
Reference your unidentified observation of 23 November 1966.
The information in your letter has been reviewed and is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.
We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
Sincerely,
VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

1 Atch
FTD Form 164

- page 3 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an unidentified flying object, likely a UFO. The sketch is simple, showing a disc-shaped object with some details.

"Natrone Heights, Pennsylvania
1966-11-8277186
I was driving home from work at about 2:00 a.m. when I noticed a strange light in the sky. At first I thought it was an aircraft, but as I continued to watch, I realized it was not an ordinary aircraft. The object was stationary and seemed to hover in the sky. It was circular in shape and had a dull glow. I stopped my car and observed the object for a few minutes. It then suddenly shot off at a high rate of speed, disappearing from sight within seconds. I made no sound during this time. When I arrived home, I called the local police to report what I had seen, but they did not seem very interested. I have no other information to add, except that I am a rational person and have never seen anything like this before. I hope this report is of some use to your investigation."

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a filled-out U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire related to an unidentified flying object sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force information concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena, commonly referred to as "flying saucers". This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any conclusions or publications without your permission. We request that you answer this personal information to the best of your ability.

1. When did you see the object? Sep 8   1966
2. Time of day: 9:40 (Circle One): A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): E. Eastern 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Natrona Heights, PA
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) c. Not very sure Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? by guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at it? d. To your left

- page 5 -

This image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. It does not contain any photographs, but rather a questionnaire or form with questions and answer options related to observing a UFO at night.

The text contained in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharp, defined
d. Don't remember
e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? 
b. Suddenly speed up and rapidly speed away?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 6 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a disc-shaped or saucer-shaped UFO. The sketch is labeled "Silvercolor".

Project Blue Book Text Output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, it disappeared in a quick manner.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): YES

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): YES

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: as of a humming electrical motor distant roar
b. Color: silver, metallic and silvery film 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment, the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails. Please draw below the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observation of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? YES
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
c. Outdoors
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section
b. In the residential section
d. Near an airfield 
f. Flying over a city?
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) Northeast
24.2 How fast were you moving? 45 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? YES
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses  YES
b. Sun glasses YES  c. Windshield YES
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object (s) you observed. Huge ob lect circular in shape but not a c lear as my own observation.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image from the old UFO report document. The document contains a sketch or diagram with various compass and angle markings, as well as instructions for the viewer to imagine certain scenarios and draw additional sketches.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" on the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Transcribed text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
Yes, DID NOT KNOW OF THIS TYPE BEFORE. SAW IT BY MY HOME ABOUT 7:45 P.M. 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

Blacked out names and addresses

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Blacked out
ADDRESS: Blacked out
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Blacked out
AGE: 38
SEX: Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which may relate to the sighting or to your attitude toward it. A close follower of other sightings of this type in the area. This is the first one I've seen personally. The object mentioned in the question No. 30.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? My friends

- page 10 -

