The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a project by the United States Air Force that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 2 Sept 66 3/08HoZ
2. LOCATION: New Carlisle, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: TWO
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
7. COURSE: Varied
8. PHOTOS: X No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: X No
10. CONCLUSION: (Other) INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: See case

- page 1 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically the Project 10073 Record for an incident that occurred on 4 Sept 66 in New Carlisle, Ohio.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 4 Sept 66 5/0335Z
2. LOCATION: New Carlisle, Ohio 
3. SOURCE: Military
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 9 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
7. COURSE: 54-56
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: (other) INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual depiction. It is a form titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire is designed to obtain technical information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes only, and will not be published or disseminated without your permission. We request this personal information as a necessary part of our study, and its value is dependent upon our ability to analyze in detail the data provided.

1. When did you see the object? 9 - 8 - 66
2. Time of day: 22 53 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? New Carlisle, Ohio
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was the time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. To your rear e. Don't remember

- page 3 -

The image appears to contain a form or questionnaire related to a Project Blue Book UFO report. There is no photograph or image present in this particular document page.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compass brightness to some common object: [Hand-written text]

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Other [Hand-written text]

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? c. Move slowly and steadily? d. Give off smoke? e. Change brightness? f. Flash or flicker? g. Disappear and reappear?

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the image shared. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Output of the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what:
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and specifically show the direction the object was moving. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing various questions and responses related to a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approximately 400 to 500 yards 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ------------------- miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Telescope Yes No
d. Binoculars Yes No
e. Windshield Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Windshield Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image contains a diagram with a sketch showing the movement of an object or objects. The diagram includes a compass rose and instructions for the observer to mark the position and movement of the object(s). However, there is no photograph present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "C" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place an "D" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual element. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report or document, containing a questionnaire or form with questions and blank spaces for the respondent to fill in.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 41
SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
More or less average in background & appearance. Interested in scientific phenomena and UFO's. Have had minor interest in the topic for several years. No special experiences.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day - Month - Year

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document regarding an unidentified observation reported in New Carlisle, Ohio on September 5, 1966.

The text in the document is as follows:

PDID (TDSR) P0
EDWARDS AFB, OHIO 45433
5 September 1966

NEW CARLISLE, OHIO 45344

Reference your unidentified observation of 5 September 1966. This information which we have received is not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PJID Form 14 and return it to us in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a US Air Force investigation of UFO reports. The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a typed letter addressed to "Mr. __" regarding an "unidentified observation" reported on September 2, 1966. The letter is signed by George Gorman, who is identified as the "Chief, Project Blue Book".

The text of the document is as follows:

PTD (TDSTR) 4-4
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
G September 1966

New Carlisle, Ohio 45334
Dear Mr. __,
Reference your unidentified observation of 2 September 1966. The information which we have received was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PTD form.
We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.
Sincerely,
GEORGE GORMAN, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a standard questionnaire form used by the U.S. Air Force for technical information regarding unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for further study and analysis, but it will not be used in any way to identify you, draw conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, so may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Sep 30 Day Month Year 1966
2. Time of day: 9:25 Hour Minutes A.M. or (P.M.)
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Rt. 1 New Carlisle, Ohio City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Hours 0 Minutes 0 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? CAREFUL WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes _X_ No ____
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Day: a. Bright b. Cloudy b. Night: a. Clear b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. Behind you d. To your right e. Cannot remember

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or survey form.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember - pitch dark

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: REGULAR PLANE LIGHT 

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush across the sky at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 12 -

The image contains a form with various questions to be filled out regarding a UFO sighting. There is no photograph or image present in this particular page of the document.

Text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One:) Yes       (No)       Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes       (No)       Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound NONE
b. Color LIGHT A STAR

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. This experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 
2/3

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as colored lights, protrusions, etc., and particularly without trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

POINT SOURCE

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a filled-out questionnaire or form related to a sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The form appears to be part of Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

Here is the text from the form:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes (No) 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city? 
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes) (No)
b. Sun glasses (Yes) (No)
c. Binoculars (Yes) (No)
d. Window glass (Yes) (No)
e. Telescope (Yes) (No)
f. Television (Yes) (No)
g. Theodolite (Yes) (No) 
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

BRIGHT STAR

- page 14 -

This image does not contain a photograph, but rather various diagrams and sketches related to a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The main elements include:

1. A sketch with a curved line and compass directions, asking the user to imagine being at a certain point and place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon, and place a "B" on the same curved line to show where you first saw the object.

2. A compass-like diagram with directions labeled.

3. Instructions to draw a picture showing the motion of the object or objects, placing an "A" at the beginning of the path and a "B" at the end, and indicating any changes in direction.

4. Instructions to draw a picture if there was more than one object, and indicate the direction they were traveling.

Text Extracted from the Document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES  No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes  No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
WIFE - 1985
SAME ADDRESS AS ABOVE

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted] Last Name [Redacted] First Name [Redacted] Middle Name
ADDRESS [Redacted] Street NEW CARLISLE City [Redacted] State OHIO Zone 45344
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted] AGE 24 SEX M

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
FID OCT OFFICER 11 SEPTEMBER 1966

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The text on the page includes questions and a response, but there is no visual image or photograph present.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: SEP 22 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: NONE

- page 17 -

