The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with text.

13 Nov 66
CIVILIAN
1. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
2. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 HOUR 
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
4. COURSE 
Stationary
5. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None
16/03302
NEWTOWN, PENNSYLVANIA 
10. CONCLUSION 
Astro (Sirius)
At the time of the sighting Sirius was rising. Observer noted a glowing red-green light in the eastern sky. Object was sighted about 25 minutes and disappeared, then came back down to the original spot, repeating this cycle. The Big Dipper was not in the sky at the time of the observation. The disappearance of the light and reappearance was consistent with the apparent motion of Sirius, the falling point of which could account for the "bottom of the dipper" appearance.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a questionnaire form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object(s) that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication and we will respect this personal information as confidential.

1. When did you see the object? Day Month Year
2. Time of day: Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours Minutes Seconds a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? le undetermined
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. CLEAR b. BRIGHT c. CLOUDY
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

FTD OCT 23 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a document with a form and questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object at night.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. A lot
b. A few
c. None
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Full moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Luminous
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Glowing red & white 

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off color or smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash on and off? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. The document appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting, with various questions and blank spaces for the witness to fill out their responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
- 

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One):     Yes     No     Don't Know.    If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
-

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):     Yes     No     Don't Know.    IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
- 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - 
b. Color - Glowing reddish green

18. We wish to know the angular size of the object as seen through the matching field. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
-

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc.; and specifically indicate what trails or vapor trails, if any, the object left.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[There is no photograph or drawing included in the image.]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a form with various questions related to an observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other 

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, containing instructions and diagrams related to UFO sightings.

OCR Output:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass to show the direction you were looking when you first saw it. Place a "D" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90-
75-
60-
45- A & B
30-
15-
0-

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the sighting.

Object sighted at approx - 9:50 P.M.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted] [redacted] [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
March 14, 1966 Capt. Alan J. Hynek, USAF, Ret., Astrophysicist, Scientific Director, Project Blue Book.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only text in a form layout. I will proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text found in the document.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 May 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

