PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 1 Aug 66   31/2010Z
2. LOCATION: Manila, Republic Philippines (Manila 1-n)
3. SOURCE: Military
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 6
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Air Visual (Bx)
7. COURSE: Not Reported
8. PHOTOS: R Yes   □ No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: □ Yes   R No
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
    PHOTO: Other (E-ULSION DEFECT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE FILE

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

UFO SIGHTING

On the 1st of August 1966, while on a flight to the Philippines, I sighted several lights in the sky which could not be logically explained. Looking out the left side of the aircraft (to the South of our position), I saw three evenly spaced lights, stacked similar to a set of stairs. The lights appeared generally steady with an occasional blinking. There was no apparent movement, but as I watched, the lights disappeared and re-appeared several times. When I first saw the lights they were to the left slightly to the rear of our aircraft, when I last saw the lights they were to the left and slightly forward of our position.

GEORGE R. STATLER, T/Sgt, USAF
Witness


- page 2 -

TDETR/ Maj Quintanilla, Jr/TO916/h1/16 Aug 66

Request for UFO Information

AUG 18 1966

54th Weather Recon Squadron

1. This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report from Clark Air Base, in message DOT 0009 August 1966. The message states that the witnesses' home base is Anderson AFB. Since the information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation, request you contact the following witnesses and obtain then, a narrative statement of what each observed and forward to our office upon completion.

a. Major W. V. Stephens, AC
b. Captain H. R. Lagerwall, Second Pilot
c. 1st Lt R. E. Weaver, Instructor Navigator
d. 1st Lt K. B. Kaiser, Weather Observer
e. SSgt F. W. Henry, Jr., Flight Examiner, Dropsonde Operator
f. TSgt G. R. Statler, Student Dropsonde Operator
g. A1C R. H. Zipperer, Flight Mechanic

2. The report indicated that Capt. Lagerwall had taken 35mm shots of UFO. Request the original negatives be forwarded to this office to aid in evaluating their observations. When submitting the negatives also give camera data outlined in paragraph 1B, AFR 200-2. Upon completion of analysis we will return the original negatives along with one print and our evaluation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WARREN S. WHEELER, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology & Systems

COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR:
TDETR MAJ H QUINTANILLA, JR                DATED 16 AUG 66

TDET                                        DATED 17 AUG 66


- page 3 -

The only text I can clearly see in this image is the word "PHOTOGRAPH" stamped diagonally in the top right corner of the document. The rest of the page appears to be a blank or very faint document page with some minor specks and artifacts.


- page 4 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be almost entirely blank or extremely faded. There are some small black specks or dots scattered across the page, but no legible text is visible. The image looks like a scanned document page with very low contrast, making it impossible to read any text that might have originally been present.


- page 5 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a blank or heavily degraded document page with some minor specks and a horizontal line near the bottom of the page. The image is in black and white and looks like an old scanned document with very low contrast.


- page 6 -

IDER/Maj Quintanilla, Jr/70916/14/10 Oct 66

Request for UFO Information (5th WRSA (MAC) 1st, undated)

54th Weather Reconnaissance Squadron (MAC)

Reference the unidentified observation of 1 August 1966 by the crew of a WC - 130B aircraft. Request information on any aerial refueling missions that could have caused this particular observation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

LOUIS DE GOES, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology & Subsystems

COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR: MAJOR MAJ R QUINTANILLA, JR       DATED

TEST                                           DATED 4/6/66


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

IDEN/ Maj Quintanilla, Jr/TO916/n1/16 Aug 66
Request for UFO Information

5th Weather Recon Squadron

1. This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report from Clark Air Base, in message DCI C009 August 1966. The necessary data was via witness' ltr 15 August 1966. Since the information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation, we are forwarding the following, with copies and check sheet of what each observed and forward to our office upon conclusion.

a. Major W. V. Stephens, AC
b. Captain R. R. Leavenall, Second Pilot
c. 1st Lt. R. E. Weaver, Instructor Navigator
d. 1st Lt. K. R. Kaiser, Weather Observer
e. Capt. F. W. Henry, Jr., Flight Examiner, Dropsondes Operator
f. TSgt G. R. Statler, Student Dropsondes Operator
g. AIC F. W. Zipperer, Flight Mechanic

2. The report indicated that Capt. Leavenall had taken 35mm shots of UFO. Request the original negatives be forwarded to this office to aid in evaluation. Self-developing camera data certified in paragraph 1(b), AFR 200-2. Upon completion of analysis, we will return original negatives along with our point and our evaluation.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

WARREN S. WHEELER, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology & Safe Bases

COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR:
IDEN/ MAJ H. QUINTANILLA, JR.    DATED: _________

IDEN:                             DATED: 17 Aug 66


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

HQRS MAJ Quintenilla, Jr/70916/h4/12 Aug 66
Request for UFO Information

54th Weather Recon Squadron

1. This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report from Clark Air Base, in message DOI 00009 August 1966. The message states that the witnesses: Capt Lagerwill has forwarded UFO information which we received was not sufficient for evaluation, request you contact the following witnesses and obtain from them, a narrative, statement of what each observed and forward to our office upon completion.

a. Major W. V. Stephens, AC
b. Captain H. R. Lagerwill, Second Pilot
c. 1st Lt R. E. Weaver, Instructor Navigator
d. 1st Lt K. E. Kaiser, Weather Observer
e. SSgt F. W. Henry, Jr, Flight Examiner, Propends Operator
f. T/Sgt G. R. Statler, Student Dropsondes Operator
g. A1C R. E. Zipperer, Flight Mechanic

2. The report indicated that Capt Lagerwill had taken 35mm shots of UFO. Request the original negatives be forwarded to this office to aid in evaluating their observations. When submitting the negatives also give cross data outlined in paragraph 1a, AFR 200-2.

FOR THE COMMANDER

MERCH G. MILLER, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology & Systems

COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR: _______ DATED: ______
HQRS _______ DATED: ______


- page 9 -

54WSA (n.c)

Request for UFO Information

Hq Foreign Technology Div (ETXD)(AFSC)

Reference your letter date subject as above, dated 18 Aug 66, the attached statement are forwarded per your request.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

GEORGE E. LELLEUX, Capt, USAF    7 Atch
Administrative Officer           c/a


- page 10 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
54TH WEATHER RECONNAISSANCE SQUADRON (MAC)
APO SAN FRANCISCO 96334

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 54WRSA (MAC)

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: Hq Foreign Technology Div (TDETR) (AFSC)

Reference your letter same subject as above, dated 18 Aug 66, the attached statements are forwarded per your request.

FOR THE COMMANDER

GEORGE E. DELIMDIMA, Capt, USAF
Administrative Officer

7 Atch
a/s


- page 11 -

1 August 66

SAF-CICC/Mrs Cassel/bp/79079/17 May 61

MAY 17 1967

Dear Captain Lagervall:

Reference your recent observation and subsequent photograph of an unidentified object.

The photography appears genuine insofar as content is concerned. Three images which appear as orange balls are observed. Examination of the color field has negated the possibility that these images are the result of an emulsion or processing defect. The image do not give the appearance of having a discerning solid object within them.

A request was submitted for information on aircraft activity that could have accounted for this particular observation, however, to date this information has not been received. As such, no definite identification has been made.

Enclosed is your 35 mm slide. Thank you for submitting it for evaluation.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachment
Captain Harry R. Lagervall
Second Pilot
54th Weather Reconnaissance Squadron
Andersen Air Force Base
APO San Francisco, 9633h

COORDINATED BY (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date)
SAFOI-CG                                                 Compts by - SAF-OIG
                                                          Routing by - SAF-DIC
                                                          Activity by - SAF-OIG
                                                          Stopback


- page 12 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSCI)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:

TDETR
SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

AUG 18 1966

TO: 54th Weather Recon Squadron

1. This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report from Clark Air Base, in message DOI 00009 August 1965. The message states that the interested base is Anderson AFB. Since the information which was received was not sufficient for evaluation, request you contact the following witnesses and confirm from them, a narrative statement of what each observed and forward to our office upon completion.

a. Major W. V. Stephens, AC
b. Captain H. R. Lagerwall, Second Pilot
c. 1st Lt. R. E. Weaver, Instructor Navigator
d. 1st Lt. K. B. Kaiser, Weather Observer
e. SSgt F. W. Henry, Jr., Flight Examiner, Dropsonde Operator
f. TSgt G. R. Statler, Student Dropsonde Operator
g. A1C R. H. Zipperer, Flight Mechanic

2. The report indicated that Capt Lagerwall had taken 35mm shots of UFO. Request the original negatives be forwarded to this office to aid in evaluating their observations. When submitting the negatives along with camera data outlined in paragraph 1B(3), AFR 200-2. Upon completion of analysis we will return the original negatives along with one print and our evaluation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WARREN S. WHEELER, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology & Subsystems


- page 13 -

The image appears to be a blank page from a document, with holes punched along the left side for binding. The page is white/off-white with some slight noise/graininess typical of an older scanned document. No text is legible on this page.


- page 14 -

The text on this page is largely illegible due to poor image quality and scanning. I can make out a few partial words and markings:

At the top right of the page, there are two markings:
- "SOF" 
- "PRIORITY" (stamped)

The page number "177" is visible at the top left.

The rest of the text is too faint or blurry to accurately transcribe. The document appears to be a typewritten page with holes punched on the left and right margins, typical of an official document from that era.


- page 15 -

I apologize, but the text on this page is completely illegible. The image appears to be a scanned document with holes on the sides, typical of a punch card or report page, but the text is too faint or blurry to be read. The page is white/off-white with black borders and appears to be part of an old document, but no text can be discerned.


- page 16 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

197

SCF

PRIORITY

[Most of the middle text is too faint/blurry to read clearly]

At the bottom of the page, I can partially read:

2. FLIGHT WITH FULL MOON
1. FIRST FIX AT 11972? AT 1431H 1261E APPROX 3500M EAST OF MANILA

The document has a "PRIORITY" stamp and appears to be a typewritten document with page number 197 at the top. The text in the main body of the document is largely illegible due to poor image quality.


- page 17 -

STATEMENT

Reference Clark Air Base message DOI 00009 August 1966, UFO Report. The debriefing and information given to the debriefers was long and extensive. I believe that because of the time lapse since the original sighting that I am unable to provide any information that would be of value or entirely accurate.

At the time of the sighting we were flying a MC-130E aircraft at 18,000 feet on a heading of 280 degrees. I was crew reacting in the aircraft's bunk when the crew alerted me that they were observing unusual lights. I went forward and was in time to observe three objects in a stack formation at our 10 o'clock position traveling in the general direction of 090 degrees. They appeared to be slightly below our altitude and I would estimate about 20 miles distance. Their color was of an orange/yellow glow and was quite steady. Initial contact was in a bank to the left of a pine point but I held at arm's length, however, I believe that to be in error. Probably the size was more in the area of the head of a standard thumb tack. The formation was quite well maintained. As the objects came abeam our 9 o'clock position they made a right turn and departed the area on a heading of approximately 120 degrees. I appeared that they started a climb at this time and were observed for approximately another 20 to 30 minutes until they gradually became smaller and faded out of sight. The lights by that time had changed to a white color. I estimated the angle at about 10 degrees. This was done by using my hand extended at arm's length with the thumb up and noting that the aircraft position fell even with finger between the thumb and index finger.

The crew had previously informed me that another formation of three objects had previously passed our aircraft on the same heading (090 degrees) just before I observed the second group. About 10 minutes after I had observed the UFOs described above, two UFOs of the same size and description appeared at our 8 o'clock position on a 220 degree heading at our altitude. They were in the same size and color as the first group sighted. Their speed paralleled ours at 280 knots true airspeed. They were in a two ship stack formation. The lead UFO's lights would occasionally go out momentarily, then reappear in about 5 minutes. After about five minutes of observing this second group, a third UFO was observed by our camera and confirmed by me as at our 5 o'clock position, about 3,000 feet higher than our altitude. This group continued on our track until 100 nautical miles when they disappeared into weather.

Weather conditions were scattered, bright moonlight, and visibility unlimited.

[Signature]
WILBUR V. STEPHENS, Maj, USAF
Aircraft Commander


- page 18 -

STATEMENT

On 1 Aug 66 while flying storm reconnaissance, the pilot brought to my attention a number of lights out to the left of our aircraft. I immediately noticed three extremely bright lights at (continuum yellowish white) which appeared to be in formation.

When I first detected these lights, they were ahead and to the left of our aircraft. As they passed they gained altitude and made a 150°turn taking up a parallel heading after 15-30 minutes only two lights were visible and they seemed to be directly over each other heading in a perpendicular direction away from us.

Following them to be possible refueling aircraft I checked for green and red lights but was unable to detect any, either visually or thru binoculars. The lights gradually disappeared from sight shortly thereafter.

KENNETH B. KAISER, 1/Lt, USAF
Weather Observer


- page 19 -

STATEMENT

On 1 Aug 66 while enroute to a storm reconnaissance area in the South China Sea our navigator noticed that someone was tracking our aircraft on radar.

We were East of the Philippines at this time, on a heading of about 270.

While looking to the left of our track to possibly see the aircraft we thought would be making the interference on our radar, the pilot saw a group of lights moving in the opposite direction as our aircraft. There were three lights in the group moving at a very fast rate of speed. These lights varied in color from white to light red. We followed then visually for about five (5) minutes.

I believe I was the last to see one as they disappeared behind our plane.

While watching the first group pilot spotted another group quite a bit further to our left moving in the same direction as we were. This as well at the first were in a step line like formation with the lead one being the lowest.

In group also changed color. Once in another (2) of them would draw closer together and then separate again. We watched these for another fifteen (15) minutes, resuming our primary mission. At one time we turned toward the lights to possibly get a little closer but decided they were too far off.

While scanning all around the aircraft for anymore possible sightings I saw a very bright light about five (5) o'clock position. It was all white and very bright. I called the Co-pilot and notified him of this. He turned the aircraft far enough to the right to see this light and verified its presence.

After landing at Clark AB, Ph. The Pilot, Co-pilot, Navigator and Weather Officer de-briefed about the sighting with the security people there. They had also radios the debriefing from the aircraft before continuing our flight.

FRANCIS W. HEITZ JR., SSgt, USAF
Flight Examiner, Dropsonde Operator


- page 20 -

UFO SIGHTING

On the 1st of August 1966, while on a flight to the Philippines, I sighted several lights in the sky which to me could not be logically explained. Looking out the left side of the aircraft (to the South of our position), I saw three evenly spaced lights, stacked similar to a set of stairs. The lights appeared generally steady with an occasioned blinking. There was no apparent movement, but as I watched, the lights disappeared and re-appeared several times. When I first saw the lights they were to the left slightly to the rear of our position, and slightly forward of our position.

GEORGE R. STATLER, Capt, USAF
Flight Mechanic


- page 21 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 67-33                                                                PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT 28 April 1967

SUBJECT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT ANALYSIS
LOCATION APPROXIMATELY 330 NM EAST OF MANILA, PHILIPPINES    DATE 31 July 1966

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF                                                                      IN                                                                      QUALITY
P WRS    One 35 mm slide

1. PURPOSE: This report is written in response to Work Order Number 67-13, submitted by Major Quintanilla, MDET, requesting photo analysis of the attached slide to determine what the unidentified object may be.

2. ANALYSIS: The photography appears genuine insofar as content is concerned. Three images which appear as orange haloes are observed on the photography. Examination of the submitted color slide has negated the possibility that these images are the result of an emulsion or processing defect. The image do not give the appearance of having a discernible solid object within them. No satisfactory explanation could be made of these images.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:                                                      APPROVED BY:

CHARLES A. BURTON                                                       WILLIAM L. TURNER
Intelligence Research Specialist                                        Major, USAF
                                                                        Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

WILBER PRICE, JR.
Chief,
Photo Exploitation Division

FTD FORM
APR 62 132


- page 22 -

Send Neg. To Photo Aug 66

TDETE/Maj Quintanilla, Jr/70916/h1/10 Oct 66

Request for UFO Information (54 WRSA (MAC) ltr, undated)

54th Weather Reconnaissance Squadron (MAC)

Reference the unidentified observation of 1 August 1966 by the crew of a WC - 130B aircraft. Request information on any aerial refueling missions that could have caused this particular observation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

LOUIS DE GOES, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology & Subsystems

COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR: TDEST MAJ J QUINTANILLA, JR    DATED 10 OCT 66

TDEST                                      DATED 11 OCT 66


- page 23 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
54TH WEATHER RECONNAISSANCE SQUADRON (MAC)
APO SAN FRANCISCO 96334

REPLY TO
ATTN OFF: 54WR5A (MAC)

SUBJECT: Request for UFO Information

TO: Hq Foreign Technology Div (DSETR)(AFSC)

Reference your letter same subject as above, dated 18 Aug 66, the attached statements are forward per your request.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
GEORGE E. DELIDUKA, Capt, USAF
Administrative Officer

7 Atch
a/s


- page 24 -

STATEMENT

Reference Clark Air Base message DOI 00009 August 1966, UFO Report. The debriefing and information given to the debriefors was long and extensive. I believe that because of the time lapse since the original sighting that I am unable to provide any information that would be of value or entirely accurate.

At the time of the sighting we were flying a WC-130E aircraft at 18,000 feet on a heading of 280 degrees. I was crew resting in the aircraft bunk when one of the pilots alerted me that they were observing unusual lights. I want forward and was in time to observe three objects in a stack formation at our 10 o'clock position traveling in the general direction of 090 degrees. They appeared to be slightly below our altitude and I would estimate distance. Their color was of a orange/yellow glow and was quite steady.

Initial estimate of size was about the size of a ping pong ball held at arm's length; however, I believe that to be in error. Probably the size was more in the area of 20 to 30 nautical miles in the distance. Formation was quite well maintained. As its objects came abeam our 9 o'clock position they made a right turn and departed the area on a heading of approximately 180 degrees. It appeared that they started a climb at this time and were observed for approximately another 20 to 30 minutes until they gradually became smaller and smaller and faded out of sight. The lights by that time had changed to a white color. I estimated their angle at about 10 degrees. This was done by using my hand extended at arm's length with thumb up and noting that the aircraft position fell even with finger between the thumb and index finger.

The crew had previously informed me that another formation of three objects had previously passed our aircraft on the same heading (090 degrees) just before I observed the second group. About 10 minutes after I had observed the UFOs described above, two UFOs at the same size and description appeared at our 3 o'clock position on a 280 degrees heading at our altitude. They were in a first group, sighted. Their speed paralleled ours at 280 knots true airspeed. They were in a two ship stack formation. The lead UFO's lights would occasionally go out, then reappear in about ten seconds. After about five minutes of observing this second group, a third UFO was observed by our scanner and confirmed by me at our 5 o'clock position. This UFO appeared to be about 3,000 feet higher than our altitude. This group continued on our track until 150 nautical miles out from Jomlig (Phillipines) VOR when they disappeared into weather.

Weather conditions were scattered, bright moonlight, and visibility unlimited.
A trained meteorologist was aboard.

WILBUR V. STEPHENS, Maj, USAF
Aircraft Commander


- page 25 -

STATEMENT

On the morning of 1 Aug 66 our crew was enroute to the South China Sea area, from Andersen AFB, Guam, on a storm mission. I was in the left seat at the time the Navigator, Lt Weaver, mentioned that someone was "pointing" us, from our left. After scanning the area for a short time, I saw a group of three lights in a wedge formation at our 11 o'clock position (level). Heading in the opposite direction from us. We were traveling almost due west. the lights appeared to be traveling east. At the time of the sighting it was dark, an hour or so before daybreak at the longitude. The lights appeared to be several times the size & brightness of the brightest stars on planets. At their closest point, they seemed to be almost the size of a dime held at arm's length. I called the attention of the crew to the formation of lights, and while we were watching them, we sighted a second formation of three lights proceeding in the opposite direction (westward). The 2nd formation was not as large or bright as the first. It appeared to be about 1 mile away. I asked one of the crewmembers to get my camera and binoculars from my travel bag, and when I got them, we took turns observing the objects. Thru the glasses (10 X 50, field 5°5, color corrected lens), objects appeared to be about the size of golf balls, but more flattened, & oval, not perfectly spherical. They varied in color (both with & without the binoculars) from white to blue - with to pale yellowish-white. There were no distinguishing features to indicate that they were aircraft of any type. My first impression was that they may have been a formation of airborne aircraft, but they did not look like anything I have ever seen before. I have seen many night refueling formations with their lights, but these (both X-975a & X-135a) when I was in SAC, when changes or objects made a turn, there was no change in their appearance, only in their apparent direction of travel. (The lowest was the foremost).

We made one 90 degree level turn towards the objects, to see if we could get a bit closer, but after we completed our turn they appeared to be climbing slightly and traveling away from us, so we returned to our original heading.

At the time during the 1/2 hour we viewed them intermittently, the 2nd group of lights had only 2 lights instead of 3. At the request of one of the crewmembers in the rear of the aircraft, we turned slightly right. They said they saw the 3rd light of the formation to our rear right, while the others were still on our left. (at our 9 o'clock position when we were on course) I cannot confirm what they say, since we did not turn far enough right for me to see the object from my position. In the last several photos taken, but I did not expect to get any good shots since I was using color film & it was dark. To take the photos I had the flight deck lights turned off, or low, so there were no reflections on the windows. I set the camera at 1 second at 1.9, focal length infinity. The film was Kodak Ektachrome - X, film speed 64. No filter was used. The camera is a Canon "Canonet" number 1411711, with a Canon lens, SE 45mm 1:1.9. The camera was hand-held during the shots. Two shots (also individual) were taken of the pilot radar scope (same settings). The camera is a "rangefinder" type, not a single lens reflex, and the rangefinder the objects were almost impossible to see. The only two that clearly show the objects not centered, and the others show nothing. The original report filed at Clark AB, P.I., was rather lengthy and very detailed. If the information you received was not sufficient for evaluation, either the entire report did not reach you, or the questions asked in AFR 200-2 were insufficient.

HARRY R. LAGRUMMA, Capt, USAF
Second Pilot


- page 26 -

STATEMENT

On 1 Aug 66 while flying storm reconnaissance, the pilot brought to my attention a number of lights off to the left of our aircraft. I immediately noticed three extremely bright lights (continuous yellowish white) which appeared to be in formation.

When I first detected these lights, they were ahead and to the left of our aircraft. As they passed they gained altitude and made a 180° turn taking up a parallel heading after 15-20 minutes only two lights were visible and they seemed to be drifting over each other in a perpendicular direction away from us.

Believing them to be possible refueling aircraft I checked for green and red lights but was unable to detect any, either visually or thru binoculars. The lights gradually disappeared from sight shortly thereafter.

[Signed]
KENNETH E. KAISER, 1/Lt, USAF
Weather Observer


- page 27 -

STATEMENT

On 1 Aug 66 while enroute to a storm reconnaissance area in the South China Sea our navigator noticed that someone was tracking our aircraft on radar.

We were East of the Philippines at this time, on a heading of about 270°.

While looking to the left of our track to possibly see the aircraft we thought would be making the interference on our radar, the pilot saw a group of lights moving in the opposite direction as our aircraft. There were three lights in the group moving at a very fast speed.

These lights varied in color from white to light red. We followed them visually for about five (5) minutes. I believe I was the last to see them as they disappeared behind our plane.

While watching the first group our pilot spotted another group a bit further to our left moving in the same direction as we were. This as well as the first were in a step line like formation with the lead being the lowest.

This group also changed color the same as the first. Once in a while two (2) of them would draw closer together and then separate again. We watched these for about fifteen (15) minutes before resuming our primary mission.

At one time we turned toward the lights and got a little closer but decided they were too far off our original track.

While scanning all around the aircraft for anymore possible sightings I saw a very bright light behind and the right of us at about five (5) o'clock position. It was all white and very bright. I called the Co-pilot and notified him of this. He turned the aircraft far enough to the right to see the light and verified its presence.

After landing at Clark AB, P.I., the Pilot, Co-pilot, Navigator and Weather Officer de-briefed about the sighting with the security people there. They had also readied the sighting from the aircraft before continuing our flight.

FRANCIS W. HENRY JR., SSgt, USAF
Flight Examiner, Dropcode Operator


- page 28 -

