PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
21 Nov 66   22/0300Z

2. LOCATION
Warwick, New York   one witness

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
one hour

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
NE

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro(s,f)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted two different similar objects which were like a star. The two objects were pulsating different colors as they moved. Colors observed changed from green to yellow to red. The objects were in a slow flight path and no erratic movements. Investigating official commented that the witness was somewhat vague about direction of sighting and flight path. The rate manner of movement suggests that the sighting was of astronomical bodies.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

A. Description of the Object(s):

1. Shape:
Uncernable at distance.

2. Size compared to a know object:
Size of a star.

3. Color:
Pulsating green, yellow, red etc. on perimeter and red on bottom.

4. Number:
2

5. Formation, if more than one:
Appear to change physical relationship with each other but moved in generally synchronized manner from NW to NE.

6. Any discernible features or details:
None

7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s):
None

8. Sound; if heard, describe sound:
None

9. Other pertinent or unusual features:
None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):

1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s):
Two odd pulsating lights different than a star.

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed:
NW quadrant 30 degrees from horizon

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:
NE quadrant 25 degrees from horizon.


- page 2 -

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s):
Slow flight path - no erratic movements.

5. How did the object(s) disappear:
Appeared to speed up just prior to disappearance
To the north

6. How long (were) the object(s) visible:
At least 1 (one) hour.

C. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground-Visual

2. Optical Aids:
Binoculars

3.

D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting:
0200Z/22 Nov 66

2. Light conditions:
Clear with full moon

E. Location of Observer(s):
41 degrees 15' N    74degrees 22' W

F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian:
Civilian

2. Name:
[Redacted]

3. Age: 30

4. Mailing Address:
Warwick, New York

5. Occupation:
Attorney

6. Estimate of Reliability:
Reliable account of sighting with three other witnesses.


- page 3 -

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:

1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions:
Clear

2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office:
Clear and 15 plus vstly
..ines calm

3. Ceiling:
None

4. Visibility:
15 plus

5. Amount of cloud cover:
None

6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located:
None

7. Vertical temperature gradient:
0 degrees/1000' (Sfc - 8000') -2 degrees/1000' (Abv. 8000')

H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition:
None

I. Interception or Identification Action Taken:
None

3


- page 4 -

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon release in the area which might possibly account for the sighting:
V469 runs from SW to NE almost directly over the area of the sighting.

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
Slow rate of movement and observer's own comparison to aircraft passing overhead during same period of sighting would make an aircraft unlikely as a stimulus. Rate and manner of movement suggest that sighting was a planet altitude. Rough reported flight path does not coincide. Unusual appearance could stem from sighting through an inversion. Apparent rapid movement just prior to disappearance is unexplained unless due to visual phenomenon as result of inversion. Subject soon withdrew about direction of sighting and flight path of object.

HENRY D. PIERCE Capt., USAF
Investigating Officer

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:
None


- page 5 -

