PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
11 May 66 12/0230Z

2. LOCATION
Leetonia, Ohio

(1 witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
FTD Form 164 sent to witness, however, not returned after
30 days. Will reevaluate if further information is received.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One (several times)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
One object seen for the last three weeks between 2130 and
2300 hours (local) always heading west. High altitude but
not as high as the stars. Sometimes appears to be going
slightly northwest and sometimes slightly southwest. Only
observed on clear and clear nights. The reddish amber light does not
blink on and off so witness ruled out an airplane. Info
in letter was quite sketchy, therefore, 164 was sent.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
?

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
West

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FTD FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-329 (TDE)

Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

FTD (TDEM)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
24 May 1966

Mrs.
Leetonia, Ohio 44431

Dear Mrs.:

Reference your recent unidentified observations. The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observations to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

"1194"

Leetonia, Ohio
4ug53

Dear Mr. Hector Quintanilla,
I have just finished reading article in this paper written by the late Col. "Flying Saucers --- But they for Real?"

Well I would like to tell you about our seeing a "UFO". We have been seeing this object for the last three weeks now located at 9 L - 1185 PM. I would say describe it as best I can. It is bright reddish amber objects moving from the east towards like west, moves faster at sometimes than other times, kind of fluctuates at times. It does not always follow the same route, sometimes it is about 100 yards up to the north and sometimes about 100 yds to the south but always heading west.

I am not accepting it as a "Flying Saucer" but would like to have some light you can a closer sight.

(Send 164)


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

It seems light but not as bright this. this. this particular window light does not shine past off as we have to mark off accordingly.

of the 10 categories in the article we have narrated as down to these:

1. New made article(s)
2. Meteorology (flowing) force(s) and we relate again man made satellite re-entering the earth atmosphere and bending, exp with a red hot glow.

But why do we go to every night between this same line?

3 & Blunt

We know its not Venus or Jupiter the car all those and this object too.

lost the rest of categories to pick to weigh for this object at this the of the night.

Blunt do not misunderstand me. I am not judging I am seeing a flying saucer that I saw the like.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

[First paragraph is partially illegible, but appears to read:]
...to give a half in quite apparent
...on what we do see. I guess I

[Second paragraph:]
Pleased like as people reply on my
questions and I am inviting you to
our home to observe their display of
you think we are seeing display in
the sky of trying to quit your log.

[Signature section:]
Yours truly,
[Redacted name]
Leetonia, Ohio
44441


- page 5 -

