The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) between 1947 and 1969.

TEXT IN THE DOCUMENT:

PROJECT 16073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 13 NOV 64 0932
2. LOCATION: Lebanon, Ohio 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
10. CONCLUSION: Aircraft(possible)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observers were awaken when a bright light appeared in the sky. They noticed it was an object that remained stationary, then dimmed, etc. until the object got too dim to hear, then dimmed, etc. until the object got too dim to see. The description is consistent with that of an aircraft. Several aircraft were in the area at the time of the sighting, any accounting for the observations.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

FTD FrM 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement you make; however, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? IF 1966
2. Time of day: 4 30 MINUTES (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? LEBANON (OHIO WARREN COUNTY)
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 45 SECONDS
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimated time
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

FTD DEC 26 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or form for the witness to fill out with details about their UFO sighting.

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Fog, mist, or light rain
f. Moderate or heavy rain
g. Snow
h. Don't remember

10. The object appeared (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object (Circle One for each question):
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Make any sound? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph contained in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book report, which includes a series of questions and answers regarding a UFO sighting. 

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Suddenly disappeared, it seemed to be going the opposite direction.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound No sound
b. Color White-ish, just hazy

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 5

19. Draw a sketch or diagram of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please on arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
I Object was not moving

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No [Respondent's answer circled]
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No [Respondent's answer circled]
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city, b. In the residential section of a city, c. In open countryside, d. Near an airfield, e. Flying over a city, f. Flying over open country?
24. "If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No, b. Sun glasses Yes No, c. Windshield Yes No, d. Window glass Yes No, e. Other Yes No
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city, b. In the residential section of a city, c. In open countryside, d. Near an airfield, e. Flying over a city, f. Flying over open country?
24. "If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop or slow down any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No, b. Sun glasses Yes No, c. Windshield Yes No, d. Window glass Yes No, e. Other Yes No
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a sketch and text.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Appeared as motion of B, then as B, then appeared again

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 1 think only one
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

No actual moving seen, no direction seen

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes    No

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes    No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED], Lebanon, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 16
SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
12 - 2 - 66
to Father

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old document, likely a UFO report, that contains handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 11 1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Child was awakened by a peculiar action taking place in the bedroom. He noticed a red light and thought it was a light in the house and watched it as it moved about 6:30, although the object was seen at 4:05.
This reported sighting was checked to his satisfaction.

R. R.
Fbox 24236 
Lebanon, Ohio 45036

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text document, possibly an excerpt from a report or record related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads:

CALL from Mr. 13 Nov 1956 revealed that two of his children were at approximately 0405 this morning, 13 Nov 56, when a fireplace screen fell. They looked out the window and noticed a red light going overhead. The light would get brighter, then dimmer, brighter, then dimmer, repeating the process until it seemed the horizon when a light like a star appeared. The star like object faded into the distance. A couple of minutes later another red, to dim, to brighter, object appeared going more West. His children said the object was visible for approximately 15 minutes. However, they did his children did not know how to estimate time and they could mean seconds or many minutes. His children came and woke him up after the objects disappeared. He got up but could see nothing. FTD forms 164 were forwarded to Mr. for his children's completion. Objects were going in a southerly direction.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document related to a UFO sighting report as part of Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name and address will not be used in any publication, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
18 11 1966 

2. Time of day:
6.5 Hour Minutes 
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern 
b. Central 
c. Mountain 
d. Pacific 
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
R.R. Nearest Point Address Lebanon, Whited Farm, Warren County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
20 Seconds

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Night
b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): e. To your right

OCR TEXT:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name and address will not be used in any publication, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 18 11 1966
2. Time of day: 6.5 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? R.R. Nearest Point Address Lebanon, Whited Farm, Warren County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 20 Seconds
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Night b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): e. To your right

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which is a questionnaire filled out to describe an observed UFO incident.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. None
b. As far
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
c. Dry
d. Moderate or heavy rain
e. Windy
f. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Like a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 1/2 FULL MOON

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Brake up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 11 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an object that appears to be a UFO or unidentified flying object. The sketch shows the shape of the object, with some details such as protrusions or vapor trails indicated.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No, the object did not disappear while the witness was watching it. The witness describes the object as "not disappearing at all," and mentions it "keeping a steady course" for some time.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes, the witness indicates that the object moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes, the witness indicates that the object moved in front of a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound
b. Color: Gray and white - only was seen

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
70

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The sketch provided in the image matches the description given.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a series of questions and answers.

Page 4
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No Liven few hundred miles per hour
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. Other
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other
24.1 If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.2 How fast were you moving? 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass? (Yes No) e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other
26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A silvered, metallic, and lighted object.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains a sketch or diagram showing the viewing angles and movement of an unidentified object, as well as some text instructions and a handwritten response.

TEXT CONTENT:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (sky line) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (sky line) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. 

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
A sketch is included.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
Some handwritten text indicates there was more than one object that moved together.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS R.F.D. BOX 68, Lebanon, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
This information stated it has no further information

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? TO SATFE
8 9 1966
Day Month Year

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed by an OCR system:

24. Date you completed this questionnaire:      20 - 11 - 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I agreed omitted details as relating to my sighting which I thought not particularly pertinent to reporting - a very 7/ - around only considerably, faster.

- page 16 -

