The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 9 MAY 1966 2300
2. LOCATION: Norwood, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground, visual
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Appears to be a red light that disappeared behind trees. Observer said speed of UFO would compare with lighted aircraft.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer reported seeing a red light that disappeared behind trees. Observer said speed of UFO would compare with lighted aircraft. There is no evidence in this report that the objects were not aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a form filled out with text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object(s) which you observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications which may result from this personal information so kindly furnished.

1. When did you see the object? May 7 1966 
2. Time of day: 2:35 Hour 25 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): c. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Residence, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Hour 25 Seconds 
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Eying time and elapsed time clock 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Day - b. Night 
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): c. To your right

FTD-OCT-62-164 This form supersedes ATIC FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a scanned UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text on the page is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. Very few c. Many
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Same c. Dimmer d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: North star (brighter than)

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember
e. Other _____

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
...
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

As requested, I will act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Noise unnatural sound white bright object
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size: Held a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1. 1/8 of the object would have been covered by the match head
2. A smaller portion would have been covered by the match head

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from what seems to be a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire form with various questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2200 mph approximately

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2,000 feet

22. Where were you when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other ___

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In open countryside?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?, g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 25 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses - Yes No
b. Sun glasses - Yes No
c. Windshield - Yes No
d. Window glass - Yes Yes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up to the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

3K Bethlehem Street brightness

- page 5 -

The image does not appear to contain any photograph, but rather a diagram and some text. The diagram shows a compass and instructions for sketching the observed trajectory of an object.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location. No,

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)	Yes	No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)	YES	No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Norwood, Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME	Last Name	First Name	Middle Name
ADDRESS	Street	City	Zone	State
TELEPHONE NUMBER	
AGE	75	SEX	M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
CALM - PILOT - OBSERVER
(CIVIL AIR PATROL)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day	Month	Year
FTD -DUTY OFFICER

- page 7 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with a blank space where a photograph might have been expected.

Text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9 May 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

