PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
18 Oct. 66   18/1400Z

2. LOCATION
Newburgh, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
N/A

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
Low reliability

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted elongated object that was compared to a short cigar held at arms length. The object was silver in color. The reflection of the sun off the object was what first called to attention of the observer. The object flew along the side of the Newburgh-Beacon Bridge across the river near Beacon, New York.

Observer has very poor eyesight, wears glasses and still had to use a magnifying glass to see a small print. She did not have her glasses at the time of observation. Final approach to runway 7 at airport is parallel to the bridge. In addition, numerous VFR traffic uses the bridge as a check point. All were questioned during the observation were quite casual. They said that there was very heavy air traffic at the time but nothing unusual.

FORM
F TD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: clear beneath clouds, visibility unlimited.

2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office:
Surface                280/10
6,000'                300/25
10,000'               250/40
16,000'               250/60
20,000'               260/65
30,000'               260/80
50,000'               260/45
80,000'               not available.

3. Ceiling: 3,900 feet overcast

4. Visibility: 30 miles

5. Amount of cloud cover: overcast

6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: None

7. Vertical temperature gradient: 3° per 1,000 feet

H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition: None

I. Interception or Identification Action Taken: N/A

3


- page 2 -

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting:

V.F.R. air traffic on down-wind, base, and final to runway 27 at Stewart AFB flyover and parallel the Beacon-Newburgh Bridge. TACAN approach #3 and Enroute/TACAN approach to the Bridge as parallel the Bridge on final. In addition, numerous VFR traffic use the Bridge as a check point and the Hudson River as an airway. The 904th Troop Carrier Group (CONAC) at Stewart AFB is presently checking out in C-124 aircraft and were flying approaches to runway 27 on the date of Mrs. Smith's sighting.

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:

Captain Stephen Levine, USAF, Rated Pilot/Navigator

(1) All available evidence indicates that Mrs. [redacted] observed an aircraft.

(a) Mrs. [redacted] is very sketchy on the date and time of her sighting and as a result, it is impossible to exactly match her observations with reported traffic.

(b) A C-124 on base to Runway 27 at 1000 hours would appear the same as the description Mrs. [redacted] gave of the object she sighted. The C-124's relatively small wings compared to its large fuselage would appear as a elongated silver object in the shape of a short cigar.

(c) I questioned toll takers who were on duty on the Bridge at the time of the sighting. They stated there was very heavy air traffic but nothing unusual.

(d) Traffic on the Bridge and its location joining two large towns leads me to believe that any UFO would have instigated hundreds of telephone calls than just Mrs. [redacted]. Obviously what Mrs. [redacted] saw was not considered unusual by hundreds of other pairs of eyes.

(e) Refer to C(2).
(f) Refer to F(1)

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: N/A


- page 3 -

This image appears to be a map of a region in New York state, specifically showing areas around Newburgh and surrounding counties. The map contains numerous towns, roads, and geographical features with various numerical markings. Some visible towns and locations include:

- Newburgh
- Cornwall
- Poughkeepsie
- Dover Plains
- Carmel
- Danbury
- Bethel
- Yorktown
- Peekskill

The map has grid coordinates and various numerical markers at different locations. The map seems to be black and white and appears to be from a geographic or official document, likely related to the Project Blue Book UFO investigation referenced in the filename.


- page 4 -

The image appears to be a map of a region, likely in New York state, with various towns and locations marked with numbers and coordinates. Some visible town names include:

- Newburgh
- Poughkeepsie
- Stormville
- Dover Plains
- Carmel
- Danbury
- Millbrook
- Cornwall Bridge
- Litchfield
- New Milford
- Roxbury
- Brookfield

The map contains numerous road and highway lines, elevation markers, and small circular markers at various locations. The map is black and white and appears to be from an official document or report.

The page number "5" is visible at the bottom of the page, and there are coordinate numbers along the top and side margins of the map (200, 201, 210, 2001, etc.).


- page 5 -

This is a map of New York state, specifically focusing on the Hudson Valley region. The map includes various towns and cities such as:

- Newburgh
- Kingston
- Middletown
- Port Jervis
- Monticello
- Liberty
- Woodbourne
- Ellenville
- Gardner
- Warwick

The map contains numerous geographic details including:
- Latitude and longitude markings
- Elevation indicators
- Road networks
- County boundaries
- Various numbered grid references

The map appears to be from a topographical or geographic reference document, with a black and white color scheme and detailed road and terrain information.


- page 6 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
21 Oct 66 ~2.01152

2. LOCATION
Newburgh, New York
(Two Witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Westward

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 7 -

TWTY/UFO                                                  20 December 1966

UFO Observation, 21 October 1966

Newburgh, New York

1. Reference your unidentified observation of 21 October 1966 which you reported to Stewart AFB. Information in their report was sufficient for consultation. Their report indicated that your daughter also observed the object. Therefore, request you and your daughter complete the attached PTD Forms 164 and return them in the envelope provided.

2. We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

LOUIS DECOIS, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
PTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 8 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 4603D AIR BASE GROUP (ADC)
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE, NEW YORK 12550

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 4603ODC                                                                   8 November 1966

SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO:     FTD (AFSC)

The attached report is submitted in accordance with paragraph 8, AFR 80-17.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
D. C. BOYD, Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Operations & Training Division

1 Atch
UFO Report

[Handwritten note at bottom right: "Read 164"]


- page 9 -

A. Description of the Object(s):

1. Shape:   disk

2. Size compared to a know object:   silver dollar held at arm's length.

3. Color:   Soft blue.

4. Number:   one

5. Formation, if more than one:   N/A

6. Any discernible features or details:   appeared to have depth.

7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s):   None.

8. Sound; if heard, describe sound:   None.

9. Other pertinent or unusual features:   edge of disk was bright blue with color fading towards center, no lights. Rapid speed.

B. Description of Course of Object(s):

1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s):   Mr[REDACTED] and daughter were outside hanging clothes line when they both noticed it.

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed:   overhead (90°)

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:   45°


- page 10 -

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): flew from overhead due west.

5. How did the object(s) disappear: faded out of sight.

6. How long (were) the object(s) visible: 15 seconds.

C. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground - visual (naked eye)
2. Optical Aids: None
3. N/A

D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 22 October 1966/0115Z
2. Light conditions: Night

E. Location of Observer(s): [redacted] Newburgh, NY (refer to map attached)

F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: civilian
2. Name: [redacted] and daughter
3. Age: 48 & 16
4. Mailing Address: [redacted] Newburgh, New York
5. Occupation: Mechanic for I.B.M.
6. Estimate of Reliability: Excellent; uses optical instruments in making observations in his occupation.


- page 11 -

17-18 OCT 66     Newburgh, N.Y.

A. Description of the Object(s):

1. Shape:     elongated.

2. Size compared to a know object:     compared to a short cigar held at arms length.

3. Color:     silver

4. Number:     one

5. Formation, if more than one:     N/A

6. Any discernible features or details:     observer was unable to discern any features or details.

7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s):     None.

8. Sound; if heard, describe sound:     Was not able to hear any sounds because she was inside store and due to street noises.

9. Other pertinent or unusual features:     None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):

1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s):     reflection of sun.

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed:     20° above Newburgh-Beacon Bridge.

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:     10° above the horizon.

atck 4


- page 12 -

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:

1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: clear night.

2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office:

WINDS:   Surface         220/03
          6,000'         270/10
          10,000'        280/20
          16,000'        270/25
          20,000'        270/30
          30,000'        270/45
          50,000'        270/50

3. Ceiling: clear

4. Visibility: 15 miles

5. Amount of cloud cover: None

6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: None

7. Vertical temperature gradient: 2 1/2° per 1,000 feet

H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition: None

I. Interception or Identification Action Taken: None

3


- page 13 -

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting: N/A

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
Captain Stephen Levine, Rated Pilot/Navigator, USAF
1. Initial Investigation has not disclosed the nature of this U.P.O.

a. I am not familiar with any known object matching Mr. [redacted] description.

b. The observer may be mistaken as to the altitude of this object. His comparison of size to a silver dollar held at arm's length and an altitude of three to five thousand feet would make the object exceptionally large. An error in altitude would also account for the objects apparent rapid rate of speed, i.e., it may have been much closer to the observer and appeared to be moving exceptionally fast.

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:
A map is attached showing flight path of U.P.O. and position of observers.

4


- page 14 -

Here is the text I can read from the image:

Orange Lake

Gardnertown

Orange Lake

East Coldenham

U.S. MILITARY RESERVATION
STEWART AIR FORCE BASE

NEW WINDSOR

Topographic map, edited and published by the Geological Survey
[Rest of text at bottom of page is partially illegible]

The image appears to be a topographic map showing Orange Lake, Gardnertown, East Coldenham, and Stewart Air Force Base in the New Windsor area, with contour lines, roads, and geographical features.


- page 15 -

This is a topographical map of the Newburgh, New York area. The map includes several notable features:

Text on the map:
- LOCATION OBSERVERS
- FLIGHT PATH
- Cronomer Hill
- Balmville
- Winona
- Brookside Pond
- West St. Sch.
- Newburgh
- North Jr. High Sch.
- Mt St Mary Academy
- Free Academy
- Broadway Sch.
- St Patrick Sch.

The map shows various geographical features including:
- Contour lines indicating elevation
- Roads (classified as heavy duty, light duty, medium duty, unimproved dirt)
- U.S. Route and State Route markings
- Schools
- Geographical landmarks

At the bottom of the map, there are scale indicators in feet and kilometers, and a road classification legend.

The map appears to be from the U.S. Geological Survey, with a focus on the Newburgh, N.Y. area.


- page 16 -

Here are the text elements I can read from the topographical map:

Visible Text:
- Prospect Hill
- Highland Cem
-BURGH
- Cronomer Hill
- Location of Observers
- Flight Path
- Rainville
- Our Lady of Hope Seminary
- St. John Ch
- Powelton Country Club

The image appears to be a detailed topographical map showing terrain contours, roads, and various landmarks in what seems to be the Newburgh, New York area. The map includes elevation lines, dotted paths, and specific location markers.


- page 17 -

Here is the text I can extract from the document:

STEWART AIR FORCE BASE 3.4 M
BURNSIDE 10 MI

ROAD CLASSIFICATION
Heavy duty — Light duty
Medium duty — — — Unimproved dirt
U.S. Route State Route

NEWBURGH, N.Y.
SE/4 NEWBURGH 15' QUADRANGLE
N41'30'—W74'00'7.5

1957

SURVEY, WASHINGTON 25, D.C.
AND SYMBOLS IS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST

The document appears to be a topographical map of the Newburgh, New York area, created by the U.S. Geological Survey in 1957. It includes various geographical features, roads, and locations such as Brookside Pond, Winona, Chestnut St., and Stewart Air Force Base.


- page 18 -

Text found in the document:

UNITED STATES
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY

Locations visible on the map:
- Ulster Co
- Orange Co
- Plattekill
- Our Lady of Fatima Ch
- Prospect Hill
- Roseville
- Rossville Ch
- Seville
- Leptondale
- East Leptondale

The document appears to be a topographical map with contour lines, roads, and various location markers.


- page 19 -

NEW YORK
7.5 MINUTE SERIES (TOPOGRAPHIC)
N.E. NEWBURGH 15' QUADRANGLE

The image shows a topographical map of an area in New York, specifically the Newburgh quadrangle. The map includes contour lines representing terrain elevation, county boundaries (Ulster and Orange Counties are visible), and various geographical features such as Marlborough Mountain. The map is detailed with roads, possibly some water features, and shows the topographical variations of the landscape through its intricate contour lines.


- page 20 -

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): flew along side of Newburgh-Beacon Bridge across river past Beacon, NY in straight and level flight.

5. How did the object(s) disappear: Went out of sight behind range of hills.

6. How long (were) the object(s) visible: observed for about 30 seconds.

C. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground - visual.

2. Optical Aids: naked eye, observer has very poor eyesight, she wears glasses and still had to use a magnifying glass to real small print, i.e. map. During observation she was not wearing glasses.
3. N/A

D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 18 October 1966/1400Z

2. Light conditions: Day.

E. Location of Observer(s): 51 South Street, S.W. Corner of South & Water Streets, Newburgh, New York. 1/2 mile SSW of Bridge.

F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: Civilian

2. Name: Mrs. [redacted]
3. Age: 53
4. Mailing Address: [redacted], Washingtonville, NY
5. Occupation: Housewife

6. Estimate of Reliability: Poor. Mrs. [redacted] seemed to be under the influence of recent articles on UFO's which have appeared in the Newburgh paper. Another factor in my evaluation is her aforementioned eyesight.


- page 21 -

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:

1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions:   Clear, excellent visibility.

2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office:

Surface                   calm
6,000'                    340/15
10,000'                   330/20
16,000'                   300/45
20,000'                   290/45
30,000'                   280/100
50,000'                   270/60
80,000'                   not available.

3. Ceiling:   high, thin, broken

4. Visibility:   25 miles

5. Amount of cloud cover:   cirrus

6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located:   None

7. Vertical temperature gradient:   2 1/2° per 1,000 feet.

H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition:   None

I. Interception or Identification Action Taken:   N/A

3


- page 22 -

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting:

V.F.R. air traffic on down-wind, base, and final to runway 27 at Stewart AFB flyover and parallel the Beacon-Newburgh Bridge. TACAN approach #3 and Enroute/TACAN approach to Stewart also parallel the Bridge on final. In addition, numerous VFR traffic use the Bridge as a check point and the Hudson River as an airway. The 904th Troop Carrier Group (CONAC) at Stewart AFB is presently checking out in C-124 aircraft and were flying approaches to runway 27 on the date of Mrs. sighting.

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
Captain Stephen Levine, USAF, Rated Pilot/Navigator

(1) All available evidence indicates that Mrs. observed an aircraft.

(a) Mrs. is very sketchy on the date and time of her sighting and as a result, it is impossible to exactly match her observations with reported traffic.

(b) A C-124 on base to Runway 27 at 1000 hours would appear the same as the description Mrs. gave of the object she sighted. The C-124's relatively small wings compared to its large fuselage would appear as a elongated silver object in the shape of a short cigar.

(c) I questioned toll takers who were on duty on the Bridge at the time of the sighting. They stated there was very heavy air traffic but nothing unusual.

(d) Traffic on the Bridge and its location joining two large towns leads me to believe that any UFO would have investigated hundreds of telephone calls than just Mrs. Obviously what Mrs. saw was not considered unusual by hundreds of other pairs of eyes.

(e) Refer to C(2).
(f) Refer to F(1)

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs: N/A


- page 23 -

This image appears to be a map of a region in New York state, showing various towns, roads, and geographical features. Some visible locations include:

Old Rhinebeck
Poughkeepsie
Newburgh
Danbury
Cornwall
Kent
Putnam
Croton Falls
Dover Plains

The map includes numbered grid lines and various elevation markers. The map seems to cover an area roughly between Poughkeepsie and Danbury, with multiple roads and towns interconnected. The map is in black and white and appears to be from an official document or report.


- page 24 -

The image appears to be a map of New York state, specifically focusing on the area around Newburgh and the surrounding regions. The map includes various geographical features such as roads, towns, and elevation markers. At the top of the page, the text "NEW YOR" is partially visible (likely "NEW YORK" with the K cut off). The map contains numerous numbered locations, latitude and longitude markers, and shows various towns and geographical features of the region.


- page 25 -

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: elongated.

2. Size compared to a know object: compared to a short cigar held at arms length.

3. Color: silver.

4. Number: one.

5. Formation, if more than one: N/A

6. Any discernible features or details: observer was unable to discern any features or details.

7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None.

8. Sound; if heard, describe sound: was not able to hear any sound because she was inside store and due to street noises.

9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None.

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): reflection of sun.

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: 20° above Newburgh-Beacon Bridge.

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: 30° above the horizon.


- page 26 -

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): flew from above Bridge downriver in straight and level flight.

5. How did the object(s) disappear: disappeared suddenly, observer lost sight of object.

6. How long (were) the object(s) visible: about 1 minute.

C. Manner of Observation:

1. Ground - visual

2. Optical Aids: naked eye; observer has very poor eyesight. She wears glasses and still had to use a magnifying glass to read small print, i.e., map. During the observation, she was not wearing glasses.

3. N/A

D. Time and Date of Sighting:

1. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 17 October 1966, 1400Z.

2. Light conditions: Day

E. Location of Observer(s): Newburgh, New York. 1/2 mile SSW of Bridge.

F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):

1. Military or Civilian: Civilian

2. Name: Mrs. [redacted]

3. Age: 53

4. Mailing Address: [redacted] Washingtonville, N.Y.

5. Occupation: [partially redacted] and housewife

6. Estimate of Reliability: poor (Mrs. [redacted] seemed to be under the influence of recent articles on UFO's which have appeared in the Newburgh paper. Another factor in my evaluation is her aforementioned eyesight.


- page 27 -

