PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
16 January 66 16/201CZ

2. LOCATION
Waikiki Beach, Hawaii

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (DAYLIGHT METEOR) ?

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 Seconds

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer sighted an object which he described as looking like a child's balloon, pearl white in color, circular shape. First sighted the object 85 degrees above the Southern horizon at what appeared to be a very high altitude and moving at a very high rate of speed (estimated at 2,000 mph). There was no sound, trail or exhaust observed. It disappeared quickly in what appeared to be a climbing maneuver about 5 seconds after first sighted.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
North

8. PHOTOS
No Yes
X No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
X No

(1 Witness)

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

W. B. MacWhirter & Associates
Consulting Engineers
Civil
Structural
Mechanical
Electrical
Engineers

March 24, 1966

United States Airforce
Dayton, Ohio
Attn: Major Hector Quintanilla
U.F.O.

Gentlemen:

Recent sighting of unidentified flying objects in
Michigan has resulted in my intention to advise your
Project Blue Book of an unusual object seen by me.

About ten minutes after ten o'clock, a.m., Hawaiian time,
on January 15th, 1966, I happened to be looking at sky over
the Waikiki Beach area. The sky was blue, with fair weather
cumulus clouds covering, about 50% of the sky. I was at
was about 5,000 feet. I had just come from the NAS at about 15 miles
per hour. I can now report what could be described as being
similar to a child's balloon, round with a color, at this
balloon were rising at about 800 feet of altitude. It was
distinctly circular in plan form, whether it was spherical
in form or an elliptical I do not know -- I only know the object
was quite round. I first noticed the object when it was moving
as observed from the South, and from the Pacific ocean, it
was heading almost directly North at what appeared to be
a very high altitude (I would estimate 60,000 feet), at a
terrific rate of speed (I would estimate approximately 1,000
knots per hour). The object was in view only about 6 seconds, and
when it was over Pearl Harbor crater (about 5 miles North
of Waikiki Beach) it disappeared quickly. I am inclined
to be a climbing maneuver. There was no sound, no contrail.
I definitely was not a balloon, nor a bird, nor any kind of
conventional aircraft. Nor have I seen anything before my eyes.

I am a commercial airplane pilot, I have good vision,
and I have flown many times in jets and other aircraft at
heights to 40,000 feet. I have never seen an object like
this before or since. I have no explanation for it. I have
never had any trouble in my flying career. It was something
new, something which was unusual and has no ordinary explanation. It could not have been a low flying balloon or thing
known to me. It was not a high, rare, or broad surface wind.
If it were an aircraft it was of circular plane
form, very fast, and capable of great altitude, having no
means of control. It could not have been a bird or a
searchlight, because it was broad daylight and in diagonally
clear sky against a very blue sky.


- page 2 -

