The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 5 Oct 66 30/3423
2. LOCATION: Near Chester, Pennsylvania
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4-5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Witness
7. COURSE: Outward
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Other (Conflicting data)

The brief summary and analysis states that the observers were watching TV when a loud noise was heard outside their house. They rushed outside and observed an object traveling slowly, almost east to west on a very slight southward course. The object was reported to have had various colors. One witness said the object looked like a star and was moving very fast. Another said it looked like a "white ball of fire". Still another said the object was flashing; very low and had red and blue lights. The red light was blinking off and on. The object was described as larger than a shooting star in one case and as a star-like object in another. The data is inconsistent in several ways, particularly in color of the object and the description of the object.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Here is the text that can be extracted from the image:

It came from the back of the alley flying very low, it had lights and little lights and on it was going very fast.
Richard Chester
12 OCT 30, 1966
VIEWED AS
A VERY BRIGHT LIGHT MOVING ACROSS THE SKY

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, likely part of Project Blue Book.

Transcribing the text from the image:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Less
c. Bright 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. None
b. Bright moonlight
c. Full moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you observed the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Z3Rf*?-$ j'ff ^f9<&\ i^rtt&ttV fit' &

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle Line) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Little or no taper
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and slow down at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire filled out by someone who witnessed a UFO.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified object you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name and any other personal information will be kept strictly confidential, and will be used only if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 30 day year 66
2. Time of day: 7:00 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? WEST CHESTER PENNSYLVANIA
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 hrs 35 minutes
5.1 How was its distance determined? b. Fairly certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left
FTC OCT 95 164 This form supersedes PTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One)
YES - If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ABOUT 150 MPH 
NO

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One)
YES - If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ABOUT 500 FT
NO

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South 
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
YES
NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle all that apply)
a. Eyeglasses
YES
NO
e. Binoculars
YES
NO
b. Sun glasses
YES
NO
f. Telescope
YES
NO 
c. Window
YES
NO
g. Windshield
YES
NO
d. Window glass
YES
NO
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
THE SHAPE WAS ROUND AND SEEMED TO BE ABOUT THE SIZE OF A QUARTER HELD AT ARMS LENGTH. IT HAD NO LIGHTS AND MADE NO SOUND.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire-style form with various questions about an observed UFO event.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
IT FADED AWAY VERY QUICKLY

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)  Yes  (No)  Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)  Yes  (No)  Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound  ABSOLUTELY SILENT
b. Color  ORANGE-YELLOW
c. Size  ABOUT THE SAME AS A VERY BRIGHT STAR

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil in line with a known object and measure the size of the object. If you have not performed this experiment at the time, please estimate the size of the object as it appeared to you.
VERY LITTLE OF IT, ABOUT 1/2 THE SIZE OF THIS PAGE

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a small, dim, oval-shaped object is present in the image.]

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

The text output from the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
ENCLOSED

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME ********* LAST NAME FIRST NAME MIDDLE NAME  
ADDRESS ******** STREET ********** CITY STATE ZIP
TELEPHONE NUMBER **********  
AGE 33 SEX FEMALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
FAIRLY FAMILIAR 035 W 14 ST WEST CHESTER 49

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
6 OCTOBER 1966 WIFE SEVERAL DAYS LATER

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with a sketch and compass rose diagram.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve: line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "D" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3    1 66  
Year      Month    Day

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire is contained in the following:

I my wife and I saw an apparition at West Chester, Pa on or about July 28, 1966. My wife and I were traveling to West Chester. Pa from our home in West Grove, Pa. at approximately 10 pm. We were traveling a highway route that parallels route 100 when we encountered this U.F.O. traveling northwest to southeast. It came very close to the car and seemed to be very large. I should estimate it to be 40 to 45 feet in diameter. It appeared to be rotating slowly in a clockwise motion. The bottom of the craft emitted a very brilliant white light that seemed to light up the ground for a considerable distance below it. We observed this craft for approximately 5 minutes as it proceeded on its course, maintaining a constant altitude of 200 to 300 feet. It made no sound and left no trail or vapor, and after reaching a point above the trees it disappeared from sight. We became quite excited as this was our first experience with such a phenomenon. As we reached the town of West Chester my wife commented on the fact that we should report this to local authorities, but I felt it would serve no useful purpose and decided against it. However, I do feel this experience should be recorded as I am convinced that we did see a U.F.O. and the experience was quite real to us.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten page from a UFO report document.

I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

The page states:
"He turned to the house and called Martin at 11:30. Asked CCNY Coastguard for 10 secs. to get back to house but got tangled up with them. They said they were working a FIRE. PROCEDE WITH RADER AT THEY SEEM TO HAVE RECEIVED TRANSMISSION FROM OFFICER IN CHARGE TO DO SO.

THE OBJECT WAS HOVERING ABOUT 35 FT A8OVE GROUND FOR ABOUT 15 MINUTES. IT WAS ABOUT 35 FT IN DIAMETER. SEEMED TO HAVE RADIO OR ANTENNA LIKE ATTACHMENTS ON TOP. OBJECT HAD A REDDISH ORANGE GLOW ON BOTTOM. OBJECT THEN MOVED RAPIDLY TO THE NORTH, ACCELERATING VERY FAST AND DISAPPEARING FROM SIGHT.

SEME NEIGHBORS SAW THE OBJECT AND DISCRIBE IT AS PULSATING LIGHT, FLASHING AND CHANGING COLORS. THEY SAID THEY WERE VERY EXCITED AND FRIGHTENED."

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically a letter dated October 31, 1966 from Major Hector Quintanilla Jr., Chief of Project Blue Book, to an individual in West Chester, Pennsylvania regarding an unidentified observation report from October 1966. The letter thanks the individual for reporting the observation and states that the information received is not sufficient for evaluation.

Text from the document:

DTD (LETE-)
Wright-Pattterson AFB, Ohio 45433
31 October 1966

West Chester, Pennsylvania 19380

Dear Mr. _____:

Reference your unidentified observation of October 1966.
The information which we have received is not sufficient
for evaluation. Request you complete the unidentified form
and return it to the Air Force.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to
the Air Force.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram, consisting of a labeled orange shape with some text below it.

3e oc766 w. chester pa.
fire  
use lo  
orange  
lights

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document that contains handwritten text. The text is partially redacted, with some portions blacked out.

19330 
U 3503
22 2

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a handwritten note or report, but it does not contain any photograph. The text in the image describes a UFO sighting, providing details about the observed object's color and shape.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

WEST CHESTER
Dr. Chester

9'oo
yellow-orange
rounded luminous circumference
in size
extremely rapid
movement very slow upward
left to right
the object then made a sudden
steep dive and was lost to view

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten description of a UFO sighting.

West Chester, pa.
9/2/66

from a distance
it looked like a star or a small 
moving pretty fast
it had no wings
it made a loud shriek 
light or meteor
it shone it was just a
(charlie) supreme

- page 15 -

The image contains a photograph of a shadowy, partially obscured object or shape against a blank background. There is text superimposed over the image that reads "You have strong individuality and idealism, and better yourself that you don't always think like the common herd. You have mental discipline and keen intellect - even having a thought going through, you'll stick to your decision. You'd make a pioneering scientist or explorer."

Text from the document:

You have strong individuality and idealism, and better yourself that you don't always think like the common herd. You have mental discipline and keen intellect - even having a thought going through, you'll stick to your decision. You'd make a pioneering scientist or explorer.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only handwritten text. The text reads:

"3-4-63 2 craft-like wings - 5 min-fast speed it look like the ————— (OHG)
7-00 a.m. 9-50 a.m."

- page 17 -

The image contains a handwritten sketch of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified aerial phenomenon. The sketch depicts an oval-shaped object with the label "VAMP" and the text "FLAMES" written below it. There appears to be some additional handwritten text around the sketch, though it is not fully legible.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

and a very flight, that from by
d seen to

To said —

dounded like a - 0 ot i minute
to that i 
    flame:

and the a flame a  e ol tt
—

g e ama u p at

- page 18 -

The image provided does not contain a discernible photograph. It appears to be a blank page with some faint markings or scribbling.

CASE SIGHTING REPORT
8 OCTOBER 1966
WEST CHESTER, PENNSYLVANIA
BACKGROUND:  On 8 October 1966, at approximately 2000 hours, Mr. Howard S. Hill, 1342 Oakbourne Road, West Chester, Pennsylvania, reported to the Pennsylvania Air National Guard that he had observed a strange object in the sky earlier that evening.
DETAILS OF SIGHTING:  Mr. Hill stated that at approximately 1945 hours, while driving home from work, he observed a bright, disc-shaped object hovering in the sky near West Chester.  He stated that the object was approximately 60-75 feet in diameter and was white in color.  Mr. Hill further reported that the object hovered in the same general area for approximately 10-15 minutes before rapidly accelerating and disappearing from sight.
INVESTIGATION:  The report of this sighting was forwarded to Air Force Project "Blue Book" for investigation.  Interview of Mr. Hill revealed that he was a reliable witness with no known history of reporting unusual aerial phenomena.  The weather at the time of the sighting was clear with unlimited visibility.  No other witnesses to the sighting were located.
CONCLUSION:  Based on the investigation, this incident was classified as "Unidentified."  The rapid acceleration and disappearance of the object, coupled with its unusual shape and characteristics, precluded identification as a conventional aircraft or other known object.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Extracting the text from the document:

Weaming glass
W.Chesternpa.
Sphase yellow gold
the distence devise eveus
east in 2 minutes coast
course
down a low bright
could not by the time
a ggaggcgd ushas
the coast. Lt was
indenid then away
long ring silver faint
in flame.

- page 20 -

