The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a report documenting a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
11 NOV - 66 12/01/102
SOURCE: Civilian
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3-5 minutes
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
PHOTOS: No
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
CONCLUSION: Aircraft(possible)
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers watched a luminous or blue object which at times appeared to stand still. The object seemed to move on fire then shoot straight up into the air. The object was compared to that of a football in shape and rise. It moved at a very fast pace. One observer said that he could see small lights in the center of the object. The observation is consistent with that of an aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which contains a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of a UFO object.

S. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON? 
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Bright 
b. Many
c. A few
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer 
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle two)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Other ______________
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and dart away at any time? YES NO Don't know 
c. Seem to jump up and down or side to side? YES NO Don't know
d. Glow up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know
e. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
f. Change shape? YES NO Don't know
g. Flash on and off? YES NO Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing questions and responses related to a reported UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? There was no 25-30 minutes.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One:)    Yes   No   Don't Know.     If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)    Yes    No    Don't Know.     If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ___ 
b. Color _Blue white_

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you observed as wings, projections, etc. and especially about lights or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Careful estimate of object shape

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES  NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES  NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2000-5000'

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In an automobile
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?  _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes  No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes  No
b. Sun glasses  Yes  No
c. Windshield   Yes  No
d. Window glass  Yes  No

e. Binoculars  Yes  No
f. Telescope   Yes  No
g. Theodolite  Yes  No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up to the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 4 -

The image contains a compass rose diagram, but does not contain any photographs.

Transcription of the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "D" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NC

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes     No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes    No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
Father of below

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]    First Name [REDACTED]   Middle Name [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]   City [REDACTED]   State Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]   AGE 31   SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
FRED F.R. GATEZ   Day 26   Month 6   Year 66

- page 6 -

This page from the Project Blue Book UFO report does not contain any photographs. The image shows a form with several fields, including a question asking for "Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting." The handwritten response in this field states "Car looked white, shaped like cigar, blue light shot out side - no sound."

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    Day _______ Month _______ Year _______

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
Car looked white, shaped like cigar, blue light shot out side - no sound

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The image appears to be a typed letter or report from Project Blue Book regarding an unidentified observation on November 20, 1966.

TEST/UFO
UFO SIGHTING. 20 November 1966  
14 December 1966

Mr. ___, Trotwood, Ohio

Dear Mr. ___,

Reference your unidentified observation of 20 November 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient for thorough analysis and return it in the envelope provided.
We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

MAJOR QUINTANILLA, J.E. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 8 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

The text output from the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) processing of the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared to give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for statistical purposes only. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 11 - 20 - 66

2. Time of day: 8:10 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Trotwood, Ohio

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3-5 Hours Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimate

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy b. NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

FTD OCT 22 1964 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The document contains a series of questions and answer options related to the observation of a UFO or unidentified object.

Output text from the document:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Don't remember - pitch dark

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy or light clouds
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. On
b. Overcast, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE THE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: 
[Handwritten response]

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One)
a. Sharply outlined
b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Like a bright star
d. Sharply outlined
e. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Show sudden changes in brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know 
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 10 -

The image contains a page from a Project Blue Book document, but there is no photograph present. The image appears to be a form with questions and answers regarding a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If yes, how?
The answer indicates that the object slowly drifted up until it disappeared into the air.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The answer indicates "Yes" the object moved behind something.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The answer indicates "Yes" the object moved in front of something.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Shape: Flat disc-shaped, very bright white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have not performed this experiment, an estimate will be appreciated.
The answer indicates that the angular size was approximately 3-4 degrees.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you observe such as wings, protrusions, etc. and indicate approximately the size and the direction the object was moving.
The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of the object, which is depicted as a flat, disc-shaped object with a bright white glow.

OCR Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If yes, how? It slowly drifted up and disappeared into the air.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound: None
b. Shape: Flat disc-shaped, very bright white.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have not performed this experiment, an estimate will be appreciated. It was approximately 3-4 degrees.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you observe such as wings, protrusions, etc. and indicate approximately the size and the direction the object was moving.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Just a faster than average speed
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Just a few hundred feet away in the sky.
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) 1. Inside a building 2. In a car 3. Outdoors 4. Other (describe type) At some distance from the building watchful object
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over open country? f. Other 
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sunglasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other Just briefly with the naked eye
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which would give the same impressions as the object which you saw: A distant mostly motionless object moving slightly faster than average.

- page 12 -

The image contains a compass-like diagram showing the elevation and azimuth angles of an object sighted in the sky. There are also instructions for sketching the motion of the object or objects. No human faces are visible in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or date and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

TROTWOOD, OHIO

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted] [Redacted] [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Street, TROTWOOD, Zone [Redacted], State
TELEPHONE: [Redacted]
AGE: 25 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
10 AM, TO WPAFB

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with questions and answers related to a UFO sighting.

Transcription of the text in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  15 Dec 64
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: 

Catpelying for the last an the aircraft over the wheat fields rather than just low than normal. Made not have been a plane because it seemed to stop in midair. Could not have been a plane. It was a round shaped craft. It stopped off straightup into the rafter as a rocket. But very good look at it. Ratcheting stopped and it just sort of it closed during from passing. Could see 3 - 4 small lights or portholes on the underside of the craft. It sloped off before it meeting the light shut straight up.  Real was very faint maybe 2 inches per second.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object you have seen. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.

1. When did you see the object? 10 Nov 66
2. Time of day: (Circle One): 7:20 A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? West Field Terminal, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration): a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess (Minutes) 30 seconds
5.1 How was time sight determined? c. Not very sure
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy / partly
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): e. To your right

FTO OCT 23 1964 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 16 -

