PROJECT 10373 RECORD

1. DATE-TIME GROUP
11 Dec. 56     2145Z

2. LOCATION
Lakewood, Colorado                   one witness

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Balloon(possible)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noted a round shaped object that was slowly
moving toward the western sky. It was about the size
of a grapefruit held at arm's length. The object was
at first solid in color but then changed to a pink.
There was no apparent motion of the object other than a
sideways movement. The object disappeared in a straight
line upward motion.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
westward

8. PHOTOS
No

There was numerous aircraft in the area west of Denver;
however, a visual observation for about thirty minutes
rules out any aircraft observation, especially since the
object was under constant observation. The description is
consistent with that of a balloon observation.

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

FORM
FTD SEP 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

HEADQUARTERS AIR CONTINUING DEFENSE CENTER (ADC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
DENVER AIR FORCE BASE, 80235, Colorado

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: XPGP                                                Date: 21 Dec 66

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

WHEN Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO) are reported, the following information
will be filed in an and then transmitted immediately to Plans/Program Attention
XPGP:

a. Description of the Object(s):
   (1) Shape. Round when first sighted, later appeared to be shaped like an
        obelisk with an hyperbola angle.

   (2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms):
        Head of a pin, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball,
        grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length.
        Grapefruit

   (3) Color. Gold turning to pink

   (4) Number. One

   (5) Formation, if more than one. None

   (6) Any discrepable features or details. Three years ago in same area UFO
        appeared like a harp, same features as this sighting.

   (7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size
        of object(s). None

   (8) Sound. If heard, describe sound. None

   (9) Other pertinent or unusual features 30 - 90 ft diameter


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

3. Description of course of object(s):

(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
Just happened to look up while parked in automobile

(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed.
Appeared to hover and then move from side to side - came out of clouds
West of Lakewood, over the mountains

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
Disappeared in straight upward motion

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
No apparent maneuvering other than sideways motion

(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.)
Gradually to the West.

(6) How long was the object(s) visible. (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc)
Visible for 30 minutes

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, ground - electronic, air electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar.)
ground-visual, natural eyesight

(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) used and description thereof.
None

(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.
- N/A

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date-group of sighting.
21/2145/Dec 66

2


- page 3 -

Day 2145 PM

Location of Observer(s): Exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position with reference to a known landmark also should be given in electrical reports, such as "1Mi N of Denver," "3 Mi S of Blue Lake". Typographical errors or "garbling" often results in electrically unrelated messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

EXAMPLE: 89 45N, 192 74W for 39 45N, 102 21W.
105 5/39 40

1. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, location, and estimate of reliability.
Electronic technician at Fort Logan hospital, Lakewood, Colorado

(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.
N/A

2. Weather and winds -- Aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:
Clear/no wind/ rept from Buckley Wg Sta

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions.
Clear /no wind

(2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity increases and knows are SW surface, 6,000', 10,000', 16,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000' if available.

(3) Ceiling. 13,000 high scattered clouds

(4) Visibility. 60 miles

(5) Amount of cloud cover. approx 30%

(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located.
No storms/ base in all quadrants

3


- page 4 -

h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.
Three F-100 type aircraft in that vicinity

1. Interception of identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing Air Defense directives).
None

j. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting.
Military aircraft in general area flying from West to East

k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis or the possible cause of the sighting(s).
Edward B. Vigen, Major, USAF - Individual probably saw the military aircraft in that area.

l. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.
None

The page also has the number "4" at the bottom left corner.


- page 5 -

