PROJECT 1076 RECORD

1. DATE/TIME GROUP
28 Oct 66   1350Z

2. LOCATION
Jefferson, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
NE

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft(possible)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched a bright silver colored object that appeared to accelerate rapidly and disappear away from the observer to the NE. The object appears to be gently sloping on the top and flat on the bottom. The witness said that it could be compared to a bowlers hat.

One description is consistent with that of an aircraft observation.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

A. Description of the Object(s):

1. Shape: Gently sloping on top. Curving down and out on side. Flat on bottom. Described as resembling a boiler hat but not as pronounced on top.

2. Size compared to a know object:
About the size of a nickel viewed at arms length. Estimated to be about 75' across at the bottom compared to watertower viewed in conjunction with obj. etc.

3. Color:
Bright or silver

4. Number:
One

5. Formation, if more than one:
N/A

6. Any discernible features or details:
None

7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s):
None

8. Sound; if heard, describe sound:
No sound heard (subject in automobile with engine running)

9. Other pertinent or unusual features:
None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):

1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s):
Brightness

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed:
NE 15 degrees above horizon

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:
NE 15 degrees above horizon


- page 2 -

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s):
No apparent movement until just before disappearance/

5. How did the object(s) disappear:
Appeared to accelerate rapidly (due to diminishing size) and disappeared directly away from observers - to E

6. How long (were) the object(s) visible:
20 seconds

C. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground - Visual
(Through windshield of automobile)

2. Optical Aids:
Sunglasses

3.

D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting:
1350Z/28 Oct 66

2. Light conditions:
Approximately sunrise - Clear

E. Location of Observer(s):
41 degrees 48' N & 74 degrees 46' W

F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: Civilian
2. Name: [blacked out]
3. Age: 17
4. Mailing Address: [blacked out] Jefferson, New York
5. Occupation: Asst. dairy sales clerk (part-time)
6. Estimate of Reliability:
Apparently reliable sighting with adult in attendance.


- page 3 -

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:

1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions:
Clear - Sunrise

2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office:
Clear and 20 miles vsb
wind - 100 degrees/2k.

3. Ceiling:
None

4. Visibility:
20 miles

5. Amount of cloud cover:
None

6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located:
None

7. Vertical temperature gradient:
No inversion - Std and lapse rate

H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition:
None

I. Interception or Identification Action Taken:
None

3


- page 4 -

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting:
V249-463 runs N-S directly over point of sighting.
V34 running NW-SE would have visible traffic.

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
This report offers very little information upon which to base a theory for the sighting. For the altitudes, it is possible that the sunrise could have created a reflection on the windshield of the car however the cause of the unusual shape is unknown. It is possible that a C-121 aircraft with radar dome on top of fuselage could create a similar appearance if viewed at an angle. Though no traffic could be confirmed. I believe that this sighting would have to be attributed to a reflection on the windshield with the scant amount of information available.

HENRY L PIERCE, Capt., USAF
Investigating Officer

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:
None

4


- page 5 -

