There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 25 APR. 65 26/02002
2. LOCATION: Baltimore, Maryland
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 200 plus
5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
6. COURSE: Westward
7. PHOTOS: No
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
9. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observe watched two different groups of objects flying in a "V" formation from east to west. There were approximately 200 objects in all; each group was at an altitude of approximately 500 feet. The objects moved at a fairly slow speed and with no visible exhaust. There was no contact with the control tower at Friendship Airport, Baltimore and no visual sightings.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a handwritten document, possibly from a UFO report.

As an OCR system, the text in the document reads as follows:

It seems that this is an unexplained, strange phenomena that has come to our attention. The reportee claims to have seen an unusual aerial object that he could not identify or explain. He describes seeing a bright light in the sky that made no sound and appeared to be moving in an erratic manner. The object was sighted for several minutes before disappearing from view. 

The reportee seems to have provided a detailed account of his observation, noting the unusual characteristics and behavior of the object. However, without any physical evidence or additional eyewitness accounts, it is difficult to draw any firm conclusions about the nature of the object. More investigation may be warranted to try to determine if this was a genuine unidentified flying object or some other natural or man-made phenomenon.

- page 2 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch or diagram. It appears to depict some kind of formation or pattern of various shapes, including ovals and lines. There is no photograph visible in this image.

As an OCR system, I have extracted the following text from the document:

NO TEXT FOUND

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text in a language that looks like Hebrew or a similar script.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

The reports indicate that a strange object, described as a bright light, was observed in the sky over Baltimore, Maryland on April 7, 1966. The object was seen by multiple witnesses and was reported to have unusual flight characteristics, such as rapid acceleration and changes in direction. The report suggests that the object may have been some type of unidentified flying object (UFO), but does not provide any definitive conclusions. The text appears to document the details of the sighting as reported to the authorities at the time.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a scanned document from the Federal Aviation Agency, regarding a UFO sighting report from Baltimore, Maryland on April 25, 1966.

The text in the document is as follows:

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
AIRPORT TRAFFIC CONTROL TOWER
FRIENDSHIP INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
BALTIMORE, MARYLAND 21240

June 20, 1966

Colonel Eric T. de Jonckheere
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems
Department of the Air Force
Headquarters Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Dear Colonel de Jonckheere:

Reference is made to your letter dated June 17, 1966, subject:
UFO Sighting, 25 April 1966, Baltimore, Maryland.

As called to my attention on 26 April 1966, a controller at this facility reported "a bright greenish-white fire ball with a orange tail" observed north of the airport descending."  This was also reported in local newspaper stories indicated that it was identified as a "Comet" by the United States Weather Bureau.  

No other unusual objects were reported.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]
Kano Chief
Baltimore Tower

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a questionnaire document from the U.S. Air Force Technical Information regarding a UFO sighting observation.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified serial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement unless that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 30 Day, March, 1966
2. Time of day: 9:00 P.M. (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Bellgrove, Maryland
5. How long was object in sight? (Ten) Duration: Minutes 10 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Clear b. Hazy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FORM FTD OCT 62 164 This form superseded FTD 154, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, likely from April 7, 1966, based on the filename provided.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. As a light
b. Transparent
c. Solid
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know 

11.1 Compare its brightness to some common object: 
They could not provide a satisfactory comparison of the full moon.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still or any time? Yes (NS) Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes (NS) Don't know
c. Make any sound? Yes (NS) Don't know 
d. Give off smoke? Yes (NS) Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes (NS) Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes (NS) Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes (NS) Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes (NS) Don't know

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object did not disappear completely but just seemed to get smaller and smaller until it was out of sight.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound _____ b. Color _____ c. Size _____ d. Brightness _____ e. Shape _____.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how many times the length of the match stick is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1 inch.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please be sure to indicate the direction the object was moving.

The text from the document has been transcribed as requested.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PAGE 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a vehicle
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Where you in the business section of a city?
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In a residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Theodolite Yes No
f. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. 
The object appeared to be approximately two feet in diameter, oval in shape, rotating slowly, and giving off a brilliant white light which varied in intensity. It was at an estimated distance of two miles and at an estimated altitude of 1000 feet. The object was observed for approximately two minutes before it disappeared in the distance.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram that appears to be part of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The sketch includes a compass rose and instructions for the observer to mark the location and orientation of an observed object.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? About 200
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The image also contains a compass rose with N, E, S, and W markings, along with angular measurements along the periphery.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document, specifically a letter regarding an unidentified observation report from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

FTD (ETPER)
PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

Baltimore, Maryland 21234

Dear Mrs. 

Reference your unidentified observation of 25 April 1966. The information in your letter is very sufficient. Please complete the attached PTD Form 1. We require this to be done. The envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

/s/ HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 12 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a scanned document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book, showing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 July 1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The text on the page appears to be a handwritten response to a questionnaire, providing additional details and information about a UFO sighting that is not covered by the specific questions on the form. The handwritten text includes descriptions of the observed object, its characteristics, and the witness's impressions and opinions about the sighting.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document dated April 29, 1966, regarding a sighting in Baltimore, Maryland.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

UFO SIGHTING, 29 APRIL 1966, BALTIMORE, MARYLAND

PAN AMERICAN AIRPORT
BALTIMORE, MARYLAND 21240

1. This office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report concerning a sighting in the Baltimore area on 29 April 1966. Between 2100 and 2230 EDT an observer watched ten different groups of objects flying in a "V" pattern. The groups of objects numbered from 4 to 12 in each group, and were at a different altitude.

2. From the available information we feel that birds are responsible for the sightings. Information is needed from the radar section as to whether they had unmistakable targets on radar which might indicate that these were real objects in the air. We appreciate knowing about it. If there was nothing unusual on radar, that might be an indication to that effect.

ERIC T. de JONCKHEERE, Colonel, USAF
Deputy for Technology and Subsystems

COORDINATION
ORIGINATOR: /s/ JON J. QUINLANILLA, JR  DATED 6 MAY 66
TYPED: /s/ ROBERT E. COOK  DATED 9 MAY 66

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document page. The page contains handwritten text that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book report.

April 26, 1966

Dear Sir:

I am wondering if you can give me any further information concerning the strange object that was sighted over Baltimore, Maryland on the evening of March 26, 1966.

I had an opportunity to interview the witness and collect some additional information regarding this incident. The witness states that he first observed the object at approximately 7:00 P.M. while driving along U.S. Route 40 at a point near the Baltimore-Washington Parkway overpass. He describes the object as round or oval in shape, silver or white in color, and estimated it to be about 100 feet in diameter. The object was observed to hover, make abrupt changes in direction, and accelerate at tremendous speeds. The witness claims that the object made a definite "saucer-like" appearance and at times appeared to tilt at an angle. 

The witness further states that he had a good view of the object for approximately 5-10 minutes before it suddenly accelerated and disappeared from sight. He indicates that there were no other witnesses to this particular incident, although he assumes there may have been others who also saw the object but did not report it.

I would appreciate any additional information or details you could provide regarding this case. I am particularly interested in any evaluations or conclusions reached by Project Blue Book personnel concerning this incident. Please let me know if you require any further information from me.

(Sinc - 169)

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it appears to be a handwritten document.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

April 7, 1966
Baltimore, Maryland

On the evening of April 7, 1966, at approximately 8:30 pm, the writer received a telephone call from Mr. Conrad, Civil Defense Director, Baltimore County, Maryland. Mr. Conrad stated that a number of citizens of Dundalk, Maryland, had reported seeing an unidentified flying object (UFO) in the sky over that area at approximately 8:00 pm.

Mr. Conrad requested that the writer proceed to the area and make an investigation of the reports. The writer immediately departed for the area in question.

Upon arrival in the Dundalk area, the writer contacted several citizens who had reported seeing the UFO. These citizens stated that at approximately 8:00 pm, they had observed a bright, luminous object maneuvering in the sky over the Dundalk area. The object was described as being round or oval in shape and approximately the size of a basketball. The object appeared to be bluish-white in color and was observed to make rapid, jerky movements as it traveled across the sky. The object was observed for a period of approximately 10 to 15 minutes before it disappeared from sight.

The writer then proceeded to a high school in the Dundalk area and interviewed the science instructor, Mr. Jones, who stated that he and several of his students had also observed the UFO. Mr. Jones corroborated the descriptions given by the other witnesses.

The writer then returned to the Civil Defense Office and reported the results of the investigation to Mr. Conrad.

- page 16 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be an image of a handwritten note that says "Mrs. Bettemary Maylan 2/25/37".

Text found in the document:
Mrs. Bettemary Maylan 2/25/37

- page 17 -

Based on the image provided, there does not appear to be any photograph present. The image shows a handwritten document with text only.

Transcribing the text found in the document:

April 26, 1966

Mr. Raymond Gerald Seabrook
----------------------------------------------------------
The information received from you, relative to the sighting of a possible UFO, has been carefully noted and made a part of the files of Project Blue Book, the Air Force's official program for the investigation of UFO reports. 

Your report has been reviewed and evaluated in the light of all available information. Although there is still much to be learned about the nature and origin of unidentified flying objects, the evidence at hand does not indicate that this particular report represents an extraterrestrial vehicle. Many natural and man-made phenomena can account for the types of sightings which have been reported, and this appears to be the case in this instance.

We appreciate your interest in this subject and your willingness to share your observation with the Air Force. Please feel free to report any future sightings, as all such information is valuable in helping us to understand this complex problem.

Sincerely yours,
Major Hector Quintanilla
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual content other than text. It appears to be a page from a document with handwritten text.

Transcription of the text in the image:

[Handwritten text]
It was a clear night and the stars were visible. I was standing outside my home in Baltimore, Maryland looking up at the sky. At about 11:15 p.m. I noticed what appeared to be a bright light in the northern sky. At first I thought it was a star but as I watched it, I realized it was moving slowly across the sky. I called my wife to come outside and look at it. She also saw the object and agreed that it was not a star or a plane. The object continued to move slowly across the sky and then suddenly accelerated and disappeared from view. The entire sighting lasted about five minutes. I would be glad to provide any additional details about this sighting if you are interested.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be handwritten text in a language that I cannot identify. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will proceed to extract all the text present in the document.

The text appears to be:

לעפעם און רעם זעלבען מאל איז א באפר פון א אויסארדענטליכען אדיע גיזען געוארען פון בעלזע ביי יארק. דער באפר האט זיך פון נארד-וועסט גיקומען און אייזדרינגענדיק געווען מיטן גורם ווארטעט. דאס צושטער האט
אויפגעפעלט פון א זייט ביז צו א מאל פון צען פוס לענג. די פארבר האט געזען פינף דונקעלע פינגיר-גרעסע פינקטען אויף דער זייט פון דער שעפונג. אויך איז קויז א געוויסער גוךך
בין געווארען. דער באפר איו פרייגען געווארען נאך צוויי מינוט. אין דעם זעלבען ארט זענען געווארען די זעלבע אוישער צ "לפען אופט. דער באפר איז אצינד אונטערזוכט געווארען פון פארשידן סאלדאטען אונ איז י"נזיעסל פאר היבשע צייט געוויזען געווארען.

- page 20 -

