The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document related to the U.S. Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 16073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 Nov. 66 23002
2. LOCATION: Hankins, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 3
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Several minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
7. COURSE: Various
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Airara(possible)

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer has seen several bright red, green, orange, and white lights in no definite formation. The objects had blinking and pulsating lights with no erratic maneuvers. The objects would disappear and reappear several times. Investigating officials talked at length with the observer. He feels that the lights reported were glidden UFOs. No further investigation as alleged.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph visible in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing text describing an object observed by the observer(s).

A. Description of the Object(s):
1. Shape: No definite outline - lights only.
2. Size compared to a known object: "About the size of airplane lights".
3. Color: Red, Green, Orange and White
4. Number: Two or three on different occasions.
5. Formation, if more than one: No definite formation
6. Any discernible features or details: None
7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None
8. Sound; if heard, describe sound: None
9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):
1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): Objects observed on several occasions with blinking lights. Observer reported that thereafter he made a point to look for them each night.
2. Direction of movement of object(s) relative to the observer(s), including altitude: All quadrants from horizon to directly overhead.
3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: Same as two above.

- page 2 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Straight line - no erratic maneuvers.
5. How did the object(s) disappear: Normally behind hills.
6. How long (were) the object(s) visible: No definite time - observer stated that he "went into the house" before the object(s) disappeared.
7. Manner of Observation: 1. Ground visual.
2. Optical Aids: None
3. N/A
D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 3 Nov. 1966 between 2300-2400z and 1430-1500z nights thereafter. Observer reports that he sees these objects every night.
2. Light conditions: Clear night.
E. Location of Observer(s): Sullivan County, New York
F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: Civilian
2. Name: [Redacted]
3. Age: Adult
4. Mailing Address: [Redacted]
5. Occupation: Hotel Owner
6. Estimate of Reliability: When questioned, subject things were extremely unsure on many points. At one time he stated that the OD had called him.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a typed document detailing the weather and wind conditions at the time and place of a sighting.

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions:
Visibility good - weather clear to partially cloudy.
2. Report from nearest AWWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office:
Report taken from the files of 12th U.S. Weather Admin Centert (U.S.).
Report for time in question: (2 Nov. 66 0440 UTC).
4000 feet scattered visibility 15 miles within calm.
3. Ceiling: None
4. Visibility: 15 miles
5. Amount of cloud cover: Scattered going to clear
6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located: None
7. Vertical temperature gradient: 2° per 1000 feet - no inversions
H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition: None
I. Interception or Identification Action Taken: None

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual evidence. It appears to be a typed document page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting:
None

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officers:
CAPT. JAMES C. HANKINS
Asst 4650th CSG 

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:
None

- page 5 -

