The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various fields filled out.

11 NOV 66
Civilian
One
FEW minutes
Ground Visual
N/A
no
NO

INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

SEE CASE

FORM AFSD #.FTD 8-PD-0-329 (TDE)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document with a questionnaire or form related to a UFO sighting.

Transcribing the text from the document:

a. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. More
b. Less
c. A few
d. Many
e. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: (Pencilflashlight beam) at 100 FT

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle line) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply defined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? YES NO Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know
d. Change brightness? YES NO Don't know
e. Change shape? YES NO Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? YES NO Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 2 -

The image contains a sketch or drawing of an object moving in a particular direction, as indicated by an arrow beside the drawing. The drawing appears to be part of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It appeared to move out of sight. 

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) YES.    Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes   (No)   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - White to Yellow to Orange to Green

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1/2 of the object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document. The image shows a page with text that appears to be a questionnaire or survey related to an unidentified flying object sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you say it was?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? about 10,000 ft

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building  b. Outside  c. In an automobile  d. In an airplane (type)  e. At sea  f. Other

23. Where was the object located when you saw it? (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city? b. In the outskirts of a city? c. In open country? d. Near an airport? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF YOU WERE MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One) a. Telescope Yes (No)  b. Binoculars Yes (No)  c. Sun glasses Yes (No)  d. Windshield Yes (No)  e. Window glass Yes (No)  f. Other

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw? a round, fast-moving glowing object

- page 4 -

There is a compass-like diagram in the image, but no photograph. 

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old project blue book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes - No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes - No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted], Dover, N.J. 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 16  SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
Directly to the USAF

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book. The text on the page appears to be handwritten and describes an incident involving an unidentified flying object.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 1_2 Day 1_9 Month 1_9_6_6 Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I was working down on the Congo at the time when suddenly we noticed something strange in the sky. It looked like a small aircraft at first but it appeared to be moving extremely fast and stopped abruptly right over our heads. The light disappeared. A rather noisy pegger-driven plane came into our visibility a few minutes later, but I did not observe any connection between the plane and the light I had seen. The light disappeared. I had not observed any sound or smoke associated with the light. The light appeared to be quite small, about the size of a grapefruit. After the plane came into view, the light did not reappear. I did not attempt to contact any authorities or report this incident, as I did not attach any great significance to it at the time and was anxious to continue with my work. I was alone at the time and there were no other witnesses.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document or report from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969.

TEST/UFO
UFO OBSERVATION, 11 NOV 66
Dover New Jersey OT301
Dear Mr.
Reference your unidentified observation of 11 November 1966.
The information in your letter was not sufficient for evaluation. Request you complete the attached PID Form 164 and return them in the envelope provided.
We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Forces.
Sincerely, 
VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Maj, USAF
CHIEF PROJECT BLUE BOOK

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing handwritten text.

Dear Dick:

Enclosed is a report on a UFO sighting.
I saw 16 years old and a junior at Dover high school. My home address is at _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _.

Thankyou,
Yours truly, 
____ ______

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

S. v _ frnday /Nor- 1\t'. 1 ; 4" (22,0 4m

Some waited a negate we never to look and they were pretty much of the people 2rho had seen it were some kind of the way I would describe it as being somewhat in a sort of a triangular shape with some kind of a light on the inside bottom center perhaps 30 to 40 feet in diameter and did not seem to make any sound as it - - through the air at about 1,000 feet altitude and was traveling at a speed I would estimate at about 500 to 1,000 miles per hour went out of sight in about 20 seconds it was absolutely silent was moving smoothly and swiftly was about 10 to 15 feet off of the ground when I first noticed it.

- page 10 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch depicting a UFO. The sketch includes a circular object with various labels and annotations around it. There appears to be a vertical line labeled "Travelrate" on the right side of the image.

OCR Output:
The UFO

- page 11 -

The image contains a hand-drawn diagram labeled "UFO's Flight Path". The diagram shows the flight path of an unidentified object, with various annotations such as "Object appeared", "Object disappeared for approx. 3 seconds", and "Object reappeared".

Text extracted from the document:

UFO's Flight Path
Object appeared
Object disappeared
for approx. 
3 seconds
Object reappeared

- page 12 -

The image contains a hand-drawn diagram depicting an object disappearing and reappearing over a time period of 3 seconds. The diagram includes annotations describing the object's behavior, such as "Object Disappeared" and "White Plane Passed". However, the image does not contain any photographs.

Transcription of the text in the document:

appeared
22.3secs
Object
Disappeared
for approx
22.seconds
while Airplane passed

Stebbens ST
Driveway
Woods
Perry St

- page 13 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 
11 Nov 66 				12/13/3922
2. LOCATION
Dover, N.J. 7-30 AM
3. WITNESS
Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
35 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
N/A
8. PHOTOS
 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
 No
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon. The information you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day_______ Night ________ Year ________

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Dover N.J.
City or Town: ______ State or Country: _____

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours ________ Minutes ________ Seconds _______
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Continued to watch until out of sight
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ____ No ____

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Cloudy
b. NIGHT: a. Clear b. Partly cloudy c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? 
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

FTO FORM 342 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 15 -

