The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a government project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the United States.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 20 March 66 30/1020Z
2. LOCATION Beverly Shores, Indiana
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Over 1 Hour
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE Hovering, Rising
8. PHOTOS 0 Yes 0 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 0 Yes 0 No
10. CONCLUSION Acts (VIZUAL) V Hest

The text of the document states that the observers first impression of the object was that it was an unusual looking star but there were no other stars visible. It appeared to land on the ground east of the observers, then ascended to slowly rise off.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image:

Beverly Shores, Indiana
April 25, 1966

United States Air Force
Dayton, Ohio
Attention: Project Blue Book

Dear Sir -

Recently, amongst other letters, I wrote to you on April 7, 1966, and made other contacts in accordance with advice from authorities here.

My letter to you advised you in regard to my experience on March 30, 1966, with a light which I first sighted a moment before three figures about 5 feet tall and apparently men in appearance, came and stood on the ground in front of me about 20 feet from the window where I was standing. I watched this for a period, and from the large center light 27 feet from me, I saw on the object long pointed things all around it. I looked at the object, and it was 15x5 ft. in diameter or more. This lasted about 3 minutes.

I have not received a reply from you acknowledging receipt of my letter to you, I assume (sincerely) or mean

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

"and it am wondering a I receive its we have been it is not to accounted to perhaps for been occurred in that vicinity the electrical wires with something evidently tripping them for electronic device of the property owners.

Now, in regard to the enclosed clipping from my yesterday's paper (Beverly Shores, Indiana Tribune March 18, 1966) it contains a further comment (April 17,'66) that relates a large round white light at the approximate ground level that was hovering at great length in a stationary position on in the sky directly above the wires that was observed for 5 to 10 minutes.

There was suddenly a bright red light plane on the night side of my area which had come in the sighting 3 window which had some windows the incident door. It was descending fairly rapidly but certainly at the normal rate in landing on the nearby street."

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

When accessed Broadway, which is about 300 feet east of my property, then up in the Navy until it met the state highway, the object which had come from the east moved slowly, then flew east again into the west of winter.
Then flew just again northwest into the dawn light. The white light disappeared. It was an extremely that they had an appointment an area behind the purpose of meet any traffic. A smaller light, which accelerated every light as far as 100 miles to the White one as its motion was well be dispopped to him on a wide or street. This could have seen what was chased by deputies. Sheriff Dale Sheriff and Ann, the same meaning, was not normal. I have reasons to believe that instances are these 4/4/65, and my group of 4 men and our U.S. Senator John Branch.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, showing handwritten text.

These mysterlous things are becoming that some not be dream guards, especially as to ttractions to continue try contract unless there is some development in solving of this mystery.
I should appreciate some word from authorities some definite as to results or no results.

Yours very truly,
(Blacked out name)
Biddle, Chatsworth, Indiana
("no photo")

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a scanned document from Project Blue Book, specifically a letter from Project Blue Book Chief Project Officer, Major Hector Quintanilla, to "Beverly Shores, Indiana" dated 9 June 1966.

The text in the document is as follows:

"PID (ITEM) 
  Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio   45433
9 June 1966

Beverly Shores, Indiana   46301 

Dear Miss ______,

Reference your unidentified observation of 30 March 1966. I regret that I have not written you as an earlier date. However, this is the first opportunity I have had to reply.

I am attaching a PID Form 16* which I would appreciate your completing and returning to our office in the envelope provided. I would like more information that may be made available.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book"

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document or report containing handwritten text.

Text from the document:

Then when I looked at it again, it was next to another two seconds. So I knew it was moving but it did not appear to be.

Next, it seemed landed on the ground about 3 feet east of where I was standing in the window of my home. 

It was a circular round silver looking light with long lighted points all around it. I could not see anyone who might be operating it.

Then, at 6:30 AM it raised steadily and flew across the street and landed on the power line of the service line in the back again. Then it rose in the air again above the trees and flew east until it appeared to be above Michigan City.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten report or document.

Beverly Shores, Ind. 
April 7, 1966

Wright-Patterson AFBase
Dayton, Ohio
Attention Project Blue Book

Dear Sirs -

On March 30, at 5:20 A.M. until 6:30 A.M. I watched what I first thought was an unusual looking star. Changing in the air next to a certain tree about 50 feet east of my home. I had been awakened by a sound and naturally went to the window to look out. I looked at the clock and it was 5:20.

Then looked around at the other stars, but they looked very far away - it was just down.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document describing a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

Then when I looked at it again it was not to disappear so i knew it was moving out of it did not appear to be. Next, it landed on the ground about 3 feet east of where I was standing in the window of my home. It was a large round, silvery, pulsating light with something dark inside. I had camera but did not get anyone who might be operating it. Then, at 6:30 a.m. it raised and flew across the street and landed on the lawn of the home where I was first a minute, when it went up in the air again about the trees and flew towards the city, Muncie, Indiana.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten report or document.

Here is the text from the document:

When it changed its course and
flew southeast until I could not
see it any further.
I feel that something should be
done to find out what these aerial
phenomena are and what their
purpose. But I did not know
where to start until someone
suggested that I write the Michigan
City Times-Dispatch. That was it.
They suggested that I phone the
Air Force and give me the phone
number, which I did.
I am enclosing a note from
the State Police at a Chesterton
number, which I did, and
also suggested that I write to the
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio
Attention: Project Blue Book.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing an investigation of some sort of unidentified flying object.

We, they also stated investigate
all the reports of the incident, and
this is not the first one of this kind.
A friend of mine who also
lives in Beverly Shores was
over last evening - and pie has
been ill to even ride on evening
recently when he went out to her
coal-fried to get some coal, and
when he got back to the house
he had trouble with one electric
shock as he touched a "flowing
Saucer" wire a, red-capilliabed
over it. Immediately she touched
a wire which was hanging in the
air from the "Flowing Saucer"
above her, and it gave her an
electric shock.
There were none yet good,
and I hope it, not good,
got Jen, kid none in that condition.

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows handwritten text that appears to be a letter or report.

Transcription of the text:

"I wish to call on me, please, several times in Indiana, the great house beyond west of Broadway, side of schoolwater, a phone. If you will notify me by mail when you will be here I will be sure to be home, or if I have just gone to the Post Office before you come. I will come a mile in the front Than I waiting for your wind attention to this matter I am Very sincerely,
(Name) Indiana"

- page 12 -

The image appears to contain an article or report from Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the mid-20th century. The report describes a UFO sighting by a deputy sheriff, referred to as "Deputy Called Star", who chased the object for over an hour. The report mentions that the Air Force said "radar indicates that no airborne objects were in the area at the time of the sighting", and that the object was brighter than any star in the sky. The report also mentions that a nearby police chief observed "two table saucers put together" at the same time. However, the report states that "photoanalysis of the negative indicates the bright light" that was photographed "does not appear as an image", and that "the two images which appear on the negative are probably the result of a preexisting defect due to old negatives and poor handling."

OCR Text Output:

UFO SIGHTED
BY DEPUTY 
CALLED STAR

WASHINGTON (AP)--An unidentified object in the sky Deputy Sheriff Dale K. Spaur of Ravenna, Ohio, chased for an hour and a half last Sunday probably was the planet Venus, says the Air Force.

"Four air Force reports of 'somebody having control over' the object. But the Air Force said 'radar indicates that no airborne objects were in the area at the time of the sighting." Venus was rising in the southeast at that time. 

The same night, Police Chief Gerald Buchert of nearby Mantua, Ohio, said he took a photograph of two "flat saucers put together." 

The Air Force said 'photoanalysis of the negative indicates the bright light which he tried to photograph does not appear as an image." The two images which appear on the negative are probably the result of a preexisting defect due to old negatives and poor handling.'

Ohio and Pennsylvania reported seeing a brilliant and shiny object.

The Air Force did not comment on this.

- page 13 -

