PROJECT 10075 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
13 Nov 66     1210Z

2. LOCATION
Weirton, West Virginia

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5-8 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground - Visual

7. COURSE
SW

8. PHOTOS
50 Yes
☐No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒No

10. CONCLUSION
Other(Psychological)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer was coming from mass when on a large object parked on a electric power line. It did not disappear- it started to move toward nearby began to move toward above and away. As it appeared that the object knew the observer had seen it, because it began to move away when first seen. His husband was on the inside of the house and did not see the object.

The witness appears to be a very excitable person. Her companion, one Joel Babb, was kind of corroborating, however her information began to run wild.

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
13 Nov. 1966

2. Time of day:
7 (14:15)
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Weirton, Hancock Co., West Virginia
Nearest Postal Address                City or Town        State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5-8 Hours    Minutes    Seconds
a. Absolutely
b. Fairly Certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Just came from bill moss
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many + Bright
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight - Small moon
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry, very cold
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared. (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

4. As a light
b. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

It was dark but clear
I could see it fairly
distinctly

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? It so, how?
[Partially illegible handwritten response]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
if moved behind: [No response]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: [No response]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: It was stopped in sky then started a low whirring, rotary
b. Color: Aluminum some - saw a patch of silver   send - no motion noticed

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

almost all -
hardly any comparison -

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. It packed
in stepped almost directly above on electric power line derrick.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included with various notes about the object's appearance and details]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? About 30 M.P.H. 5-30 w.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 500-700 ft. 2-3 miles away

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. inside a building
b. In a car Them
c. Outdoors
d. in an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 55-60 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

Nothing. I never saw anything like it - in real - that have on TV, else - to it.
Fiction


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place on "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? only one. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

Alien

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                                 City                Zone        State   W.Va.

TELEPHONE NUMBER                        AGE   34     SEX   Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

(After having 4 boys I had a lovely baby girl this summer. That was a "special experience" - but maybe not pertinent.)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
17                Nov                 1966
Day             Month               Year

Wright-Patterson A.F.B.               and distance
                                      phone.


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
15     Nov.     1966

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

If first saw the 2 red lights, pulsating, on a
came up hill on my way car. It was
stopped in the sky - I know it was stopped
almost immediately. I could hardly believe it, but it
could hardly believe it. I drove up & put
my drive way & onto garage & turned out lights
of car & ran out the back at it. It was still
stopped & had never moved from time I first
saw it (about 3 min.) I was scared & was
almost afraid to go out of garage but never
hesitated. I stood & observed about a full min before
drew to have my window to shut him up. I started
running. It started making big, powerful sounding,
but low in volume - Whirring, smooth, gears sounding
nothing like I'd ever heard. Seemingly, gears working.
My headlight went on inside of house, next to it giving
me enough light. Then, I pulled him at that time.
I was very conscious a) then of me & that
someone was watching me & of my life. Then
to know what I clearly saw that I never started notice & etc.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

ground slowing away from site distant
stop other bad "uncertainty".

It is impossible to get on
paper all I know, felt, shared, know,
or observed that mighty only too
strong I know for sure - I still
see it. It is a frightening thing
to know U.F.O. exist. I hope you are
doing something to find an answer to:
this.

P.S. a little girl on other side
will save it. She now has noted
+ I compared notes a few days later.


- page 9 -

