The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document under Project Blue Book, with information about an observation in Manchester, New Hampshire.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK RECORD
1. LOCATION: Manchester, New Hampshire
2. DATE/TIME: 26 Feb 66 / 1530 EST
3. DURATION OF OBSERVATION: About 2-3 minutes
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: TWO
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: See letter of 16 Nov 67 for general comments
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: The observer saw two flashing reddish-orange lights that were about the same intensity as stars. The lights were first seen on 26 Feb 66 at 1530 EST in an easterly direction and climbed rapidly toward the observer and then climbed out of sight.
7. COURSE: Downward - Climbed rapidly
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: N/A
10. CONCLUSION: Other (CONFLICTING DATA) - Due to analysis: Other (INSUFFICIENT CLARITY TO ENABLE IDENTIFICATION)

- page 1 -

The image appears to contain a letter from the Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The letter is addressed to a person from Manchester, New Hampshire and discusses their submitted photograph for analysis. 

The text from the document is as follows:

FTD (TDTR)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433
2 August 1966

Manchester, New Hampshire 03103

Dear Sir:

Reference your photograph which you submitted for analysis. A preliminary analysis has been completed, however, additional information is necessary for a more complete evaluation. This would include date and time of the photograph, camera type, camera distance to the object.

The preliminary analysis indicated:
Only one image appears on the 35mm print. This image appears to be a white ball on a 5" x 7" print. Under close examination, the image appears to be the centered reflection of some object, but there is little or no evidence of a hard image within the center of the white ball. No details are visible in the background or of the frame. You indicate in your letter that the object appeared to be brighter than the background. You also indicate that the object was smooth and dry in appearance. This type of photographic image would not be visible if the image photographed was no brighter than an air-craft light. Other similar images we have examined do not exhibit characteristics of true photographic images. They are probably the result of camera malfunction or other object recorded.  

If you will provide us with the above information we can make a more complete analysis. We appreciate your assistance in this matter.

Sincerely,

J. ALLEN HYNEK, Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document or report.

Reference to may 6 1966 FTD (TDEW) - Dear sir, take all the time you need to do the prints and the evaluate due to the work load.
RS, Meet information on sensor.
By name who is believe for to have most of work at Station at Manchester.
Form of report for waiting that is basic and release same to party in forty the next we need.

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image, only handwritten text.

Transcribing the text from the document:

April 7 1966
Checked the Police Station they told the truth alfred beaut of one 82 hall street they do operate very little. here is the negative you requested on the 7march 1966.

Tranced Mike Hines, 
Acton, De:  
Well ther to much from out son my need (DEWFPO)

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document, possibly a newsletter or report from the Clearview Manchester Astronomical Society.

THE CLEARVIEW MANCHESTER ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY
December, January, February
1962 - 1963 
NEWS LETTER
The Manned Lunar Mission, By Robert R. Gilruth* and Maxime A. Faget** Introduction
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration has been in existence not quite four years... Since its beginning NASA has put a strong program in the development of manned space vehicles... Furthermore, the Manned Space Flight Program has been expanded very rapidly, becoming the dominant program within NASA, which is likewise growing at a rapid pace... The next major outstanding goal of our present Manned Space Flight Program is the exploration of the Moon.
* Director, NASA Manned Spacecraft Center
** Assistant Director, Research and Development, NASA Manned Spacecraft Center
The three major schemes for the lunar mission were the direct approach involving no rendezvous, rendezvous of two parts of the mission payload in earth orbit, and the use of a separate lunar landing spacecraft which will rendezvous with the return spacecraft.
The mission is originated from a parking orbit about the earth... The scheme that has been chosen for the Apollo mission was announced on July 11, 1962 as the lunar orbit rendezvous method. This scheme was first studied in detail by Dr. John C. Houbolt of NASA Langley Research Center a year and a half ago... The Manned Spacecraft Center started a serious study of this scheme almost a year ago...
The important characteristics of the lunar rendezvous approach are as follows: (1) A separate spacecraft is used for landing on the moon... (2) The total amount of propellant required is less than the amount required for the direct flight... (3) A smaller launch vehicle is required as a consequence of the weight reduction.
The Clearview Manchester Astronomical Society wishes every one a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year, even though it may be by the time this sheet comes out. We have become international in members last month - U.F.O. study is one of our projects but we are wondering when the next one will come in. We did not have a believable story for six months, and when we do get one some joker was pulling our legs but this time the truth...

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The Clearview Manchester Astronomical Society
Manchester New Hampshire
in reference to
Lt. Col (USAF) Dean E. Carskadon APB, Ohio 45433
4 April 1966

Hector Quintanilla, Jr. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

Where in the world are the two prints and my negative it is about time to send them can you my negative to be processed, a copy of yours readily april 1966 has been forwarded to the academy of science in moskow USSR, if the negative is not here in ten days the same information will be sent to moskow for evaluation, if this the negative is on way Please dis regard this letter.

Manchester, NH

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

T C M A S. 
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
INVESTIGATION AT 01. 0939 
Tight Control. Confidential. 
CHECK PROJECT V BLUE BOOK
1. S. 1-9—Landed 11:30 1 P.M.,
MANCHESTER 
xxxxxxxxx
According to the information of --------- report.
case has been, no call or any
received from this person in the 
MONTHS AREA.
T C M A S.
xxxxxxxxx
Xxxxxx Michael

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or report.

THE CLEARVIEW MANCHESTER ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY
Manchester, New Hampshire 03105

Dear Sir:
George P. Freeman, Jr.
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division 
Office of Information
This is in reference to your letter of August 12, 1966 from Project Blue Book at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in reference to an unidentified flying object observed in the atmosphere at an altitude of 600 ft. The camera was a 35mm press type and it was taken on the 14th of August, 1966. The film has been obtained, with some difficulty, and indeed Lucky Regnitz was the man who sold me the camera has been consulted, to no satisfaction. A negative will be sent to you and you can make all the measurements you want from it. However, when you are finished with please return it as one print due to the fact that they were supposed to make only one print from Wright-Patterson Air Force Base-they were unable to due to the quality of the film and they have not been able to obtain any satisfactory further prints. We find that we are unable to be of more assistance, but feel that we have done all that we can and don't wish to be blamed for unfulfillable promises.

P.S. I have decided to forward the original negative in this letter. And good luck on anything else.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Clearview Manchester Astronomical Society in New Hampshire.

THE CLEARVIEW MANCHESTER ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY
New Hampshire 03103
major question is ever
where more clearly some 
of light and a bit to
see strange for soul
to meet my red chan
only.
retain with 26 feb 67 case

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically from a case in Manchester, New Hampshire on February 8, 1966.

The text extracted from the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object that you observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used in connection with any further investigation, analysis, or publications. We request that this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 26 Day 1966 Month Year
2. Time of day: 9:23 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? manchester n.h. City or Town State or County 
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Hours Minutes Seconds a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Hazy c. Partly Cloudy 
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FORM FTD OCT 53 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. As a light, c. Transparent, d. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: LIKE A STAR

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Sharply outlined, c. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear suddenly and still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Streak like into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document dated November 16, 1967, regarding a reported unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
UFO (UFO ) 16 NOV 67
UFO OBSERVATION & PHOTOGRAPHS: 25 FEBRUARY 1965
Manchester, New Hampshire 03103

1. Reference your unidentified observation and subsequent photographs - In the original questionnaire you completed, you stated the objects were clearly defined, and the objects were described in your observation as being "over 100 feet wide, going northwest in question #27, and later changed direction to 600 feet."

2. The other witness states that it was a cloudy night, the objects were like bluish-white lights, and on question #27 indicates that he saw the objects going northwest.

3. Both you and the other witness state that there were two objects. The photographs show there was only one "white ball" on the print. There is little or no evidence of a hard image within the emulsion showing the actual size and shape of the object.

Most apparent images on the film are the result of careless processing or scanning, with the additional information provided, the object was calculated to have been fourteen feet across the minor axis.

There is, however, no definite outline or shape for the "object" due to insufficient clarity to enable a positive identification.

JAMES C. MARATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Production
COORDINATION:
JUDGE (UFO) DATE

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

CAR APPROACH WHAT WITH LIGHTS ON WAS BLINDED BY CAR LIGHTS
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
It moved behind: a tree No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: no
b. Color: Sheish White Light
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
3/4
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Text output from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? __________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

(a) Binocular Yes No
(b) Telescope Yes No
(g) Theodolite Yes No
(h) Other ________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Flash Light

- page 14 -

The image contains a photograph of a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page appears to be part of a questionnaire or form, with various instructions and questions related to the observation of unidentified flying objects.

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. However, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
YES, ABOUT 1945 SUMMER WINTER

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
MR. 

manchester n.h.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS manchester n.h.
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE 19 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
AMATEUR ASTRONOMER 

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
MANCHESTER N.H. POLICE THE MANCHESTER ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY 1966

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with a diagram or illustration instead of a photograph.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    7     4      1966
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 17 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with text and a blacked-out section that may have concealed some information.

You have my permission to use ''y name in connection with ''y statements, conclusions, or publications regarding this report. 2-_ -66.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force Project Blue Book report, which is a document that collected and analyzed reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, except on this page, so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
25 Day 1966 Year

2. Time of day: 8:32 Hour 32 Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: New Hampshire Hillsborough City or Town: State or County: 

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Wristwatch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right c. In back of you d. Overhead e. Don't remember

FTD FORM OCT 55 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, JUL 51, which is obsolete.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or report form about a UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Aircraft flying light (not landing lights) or aircraft

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes, No, Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes, No, Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes, No, Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes, No, Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes, No, Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes, No, Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes, No, Don't know

- page 20 -

The image contains a document page from a Project Blue Book UFO report. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes. It passed behind a tree.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell where it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what was in front of it.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: none
b. Color: reddish orange

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The match head would have covered only the center part of the object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. 
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual elements other than the text and form fields. The text in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 50 miles per hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? About a half mile  

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. In an open field
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________________________________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. In an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______________________________________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North     b. Northeast     c. East     d. Southeast     e. South     f. Southwest     g. West     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES     NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes     No
b. Sun glasses     Yes     No    
c. Windshield     Yes     No
d. Window glass     Yes     No
e. Binoculars     Yes     No
f. Telescope     Yes     No 
g. Theodolite     Yes     No
h. Other _____________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. a sphere, light with orange and red signal on at the same time; when seen at a distance of a thousand five hundred feet.

- page 22 -

The image contains a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There does not appear to be any photograph present in this particular page. 

The text from the document is as follows:

SAF-OICC/Mrs Cassel/bp/79079/8 Feb 67

FEB - 8 1967

Dear Mr._________:

Reference your sighting of February 2, 1966 on which a photograph was taken and classified unidentified flyingobject.

The additional information received in your letter dated August 16, 1966 has been noted. The enclosures, which you sent, have been considered, but could have been flare or an out-of-focus object, as there is no indication of the size or distance of the object. As for the letter, the camera used was a 35 mm. speed graphic with a normal lens.

As for the report, although a positive identification of the stimulus has not been made, it is unknown that the reports of Mr._________ and yourself differ in many respects concerning the appearance (color) and movement of the object.

It is reported in the earlier photo analysis report, (reference letter of August 2, 1966 from Project Blue Book at Wright-Patterson) we are unable to make a positive assessment of the image without the additional information.

I am enclosing the original negative and two prints.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREIMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Manchester, New Hampshire 03103

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather consists of diagrams and illustrations related to a UFO observation report. Specifically, the image shows a compass rose diagram and a sketch illustrating the motion and direction of two objects observed in the sky.

Text found in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90°
75°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°

N
NW            NE
W                  E
SW             SE
S

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

WEST     EAST

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? TWO
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

O
O

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location. 
A: A similar object was sighted on 3-22-57 while photographing moon through telescope & delivery cameras. This similar object was spotted the latter part of Nov. 1957 while photographing moon through telescope on Green monitor for live telecast over T-V station WMUR Channel 9.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No

32. Please list their names and addresses:
Mr. Manchester N. H.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME - Leaf Name, First Name, Middle Name
ADDRESS - Street, Manchester, New Hampshire Zone, State  
TELEPHONE NUMBER - Redacted
AGE - 32
SEX - Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. 
Astronomer, (not professionally) Studied the Clear/view Radiestesimonical Society since 1959.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
28. Day  August,      Month 1966,      Year

U.S.AIR Force Base at Peace, To the U.F.O. Officer

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The page contains handwritten text that says "Blank" in the middle of the page.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 18 Day 5 Month 1966 Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Blank

- page 26 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten word that appears to say "Blank". As per the instructions, I will not identify or name any humans in the image, since there are none present.

Blank

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you observed. The information you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that you answer as many questions as possible, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
16 September 1965

2. Time of day:
11:30 minutes

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) Eastern

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted] City or Town, [Redacted] State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
2 +/- 5 seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY:
a. Bright
b. Cloudy
NIGHT:
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you
b. To your left
c. To your right
d. Overhead
e. Don't remember

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only a document with a questionnaire related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting. The text on the document has been transcribed below:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. Fewer
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 2nd magnitude, 3rd magnitude star. Bright as aircraft searchlight.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?  Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush across sky or disappear? Yes No Don't know
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 29 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire and handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 232 - 64 exceedingly

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound hiss of escaping hot or cold 
b. Color bright white, brighter than star

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match at arm's length in line with the object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match? If you have performed this experiment at the time, please give the results.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

No further text or images are included in the provided image.

- page 30 -

Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions about a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)                              Yes       No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?          ABOUT 700 MILES PER HOUR

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)                              Yes       No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?       ABOUT 4 MILES

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?             miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)                              Yes       No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses                               Yes       (No)
b. Sun glasses                              Yes       (No)
c. Windshield                               Yes       (No)
d. Window glass                             Yes       (No)
e. Binoculars                               Yes       (No) 
f. Telescope                                Yes       (No)
g. Theodolite                               Yes       (No)
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A SILVERY METAL CIRCULAR DISC WITH A CURVED TOP SIDE, DIAMETER ESTIMATED AT 15 TO 20 FEET, COLOR VERY BRIGHT AND REFLECTING INTENSE SUNLIGHT

- page 31 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and instructions related to a UFO sighting report. The diagram shows a sketch with instructions on how to indicate the position of a UFO sighting, and there is also a compass rose illustration.

The text in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch; imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.
90* 
75*
60*
45*
30*
15*
0*
NW    N    NE
W                E
SW    S    SE

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a form-style layout and various questions and fields for the witness to fill out.

Here is the text I was able to extract from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
EVER THAT SIMILAR THE OBJECT SIGHTED.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] AGE: 34 SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
THAT IS ALREADY IN AND VERY LOW IN REPORTS.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
CAPT. O BRIEN NOT REPORTED TO UFO

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be text from a document titled "THE CLEARVIEW MANCHESTER ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY". The text describes a report about a "strange object" that was observed and photographed, and provides details about the type of film and equipment used.

THE CLEARVIEW MANCHESTER ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY

In reference to letter of August 25, 1966, the type film was Royal Pan, the exposure was 1/60 of a second, with a no 58 lens. The object was approximately 600 feet away. The photograph was taken with a Mallmar six sixty single lens reflex five sight an on the strange object will photograph it and see same to you. Thank you

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12 May 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.  
God, that is of course the question. Been what do we have to do, what's left of it? There's no practical place for me to go now, no way to stay about it longer. The impact seems to me of continuing significance. I must comment on that further. All us find it necessary to continue here, what's left of it. How can you please believe one - don't know; still looks so real. Great lights in the field to thought many occupants of one or another explanation. Could be no other reason for our being set this way - on what a future do we greet. I hope some notice could have seen more light.

- page 35 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with handwritten text.

With these old documents, the text may not be easily readable by an OCR system, so I will do my best to transcribe the text as accurately as possible:

With these more death may be caused. An object 6 to 8 feet in diameter was observed. The object remained stationary in the sky for about 2 to 3 minutes. It then moved off at a high rate of speed in a straight direction.

- page 36 -

The image does not contain a photograph. However, it appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
ADDRESS:
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
AGE: 34 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
ASTRONAUT HAVE SEEN AND PHOTOGRAPHED UFO'S BEFORE.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 37 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with handwritten text providing additional information about a UFO sighting.

OCR output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    Day
    Month
    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I SPOTTED UFO WINCH
People like us are FRIENDLY - some are not - COME AND VISIT.
Spent some time on ground people soaked of light.
I FELT LIKE I'D ACTUALLY BEEN TO ANOTHER WORLD -
MAYBE I WAS, MAYBE A CLOSE ENCOUNTER OF SOME SORT.
Reportedly about 1 1/2 stories tall, a brilliant display! could well
go from a man's height to 30 ft in an instant. Stayed about a minute.
- We may have clearance at that time or may not have seen it.
Homes, trees, the surroundings would tell as I now realize after my 1st
close encounter of some kind - Could have been a test or for other
reasons as I'm here and many are.

- page 38 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
2ND AIR FORCE DIVISION (SAC)
PERIOD FROM FEB 1 TO FEB 29 1966
DATE OF SIGHTING: 26 Feb 66 TIME: 2032 DURATION: 15 min.
Reported by: CIVILIAN ADDRESS: Manchester, N.H. Telephone
AGE: Occupation: 
Number of people witnessing object: 2
Description of object: Two objects which were flat on bottom, round on top, and "sort of reddish orange". Object flashed bright light for 2-3 seconds when spotlight turned on and went dark agan sharply differed. Was it sharply defined, steady, or blinking? No color change.
Did color change: no
Did object appear to speed up, slow down, or change direction? 
Speed of object: 
Did object stop? 
Location of sighting: Manchester, N.H. On foot on Hayward St., near Porter St., Looking North
Description of direction of travel: Going West toward the Merrimack River coming from the East. Objects seemed to be directly over Rt. 101.
Was any noise associated with sighting: Reports 
Describe the object's distance from you in relative terms, such as "About tree-top level", "About 1/4 mile away", "A few hundred feet":
"A few hundred feet away", "A for hundred feet from the ground", "Like the size of a star or satellite" from 1/2 to 1 mile away.
Weather conditions: (such as clear, night, cloudy, hazy, etc.) Clear, night, cold.
How did sighting terminate: All be gone
Additional information: See attached letter.

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document.

The Cleary Manchester Astronomical Society
Manchester New Hampshire
Feb.28,1966

Peace Air Force Base,
Portsmouth, N.H.
Att: U.F.O. Officer

Subject: U.F.O. Time 8:32 P.M. 2/26/66

Place: Manchester N.H., Hayward Street near Porter Street looking North. 2 U.F.O.'s going west toward the Merrimack River coming from the East. Objects seem to be directly over Rt.101, time 1+ minute. 
At ******** Street, KED1680 was watching Channel 7, TV interference 8:28 to 8:35, placed call from Midland 1-Watt transceiver on Channel 9 to KED1680 about U.F.O. The transmission was interrupted, cut off the fellows in Derry, they were not heard for a few seconds. KED1689 had to repeat transmission. The object was first seen by Mr. ******** street. He was with me at the time we watched the U.F.O.'s with my binoculars at 7X. The objects were flat on bottom, round on top, sort of reddish orange. Accidently turned on portable spot light and the rear object also flashed bright light 2 or 3 seconds later for about 6 seconds about the same time length as my light was on. We were on foot. KED1680 resides at *********.

- page 40 -

The image appears to be a handwritten sketch or diagram, but does not contain any photographs. The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

SAT 23 27 3M 1966
CLEARING NORTH
WEST ON ROAD
HEET ISTNWESTSON
TRACK IN SNOW
REPORT 6:40
APPEAR ABOUT 8 FT WIDE
WITH A 30 FT TAIL

- page 41 -

The image contains a photograph of an unidentified flying object. The report states that the "SUBJECT" is an "UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT" and the "PHOTOGRAPHY" quality is listed as "Poor". No other photograph or image is present in this document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NR 67-69
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION: Manchester, New Hampshire
DATE: 26 February 1966
AF: -
IR: -
QUALITY: Poor
P NRS: One original 4x5 negative
1. PURPOSE: This report is in reply to Work Order 67-84 submitted by Major H. Quintanilla requesting photo analysis be performed on an original negative submitted by the observer. The negative exhibits an image of an unidentified flying object. Enclosed with the original negative, which was not available for the preparation of the photo analysis, were photo analysis prints that have been made. Trudeau specifically to enable image measurement. The numbers of work orders previously com-puted on this project are 66-94 and 66-50.
2. ANALYSIS: Mensural analysis was accomplished on the original negative utilizing the lengths and angle measurements as indicated. This resulted in the determination that the object measures approximately 12 feet across the minor axis.
PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:
JOHN W. SKINNER
Intelligence Research Specialist
APPROVED BY:
WILLIAM E. TURNER
Major, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch
WILBER PRICE, JR.
Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

- page 42 -

The image does not appear to contain any photograph. It is a photo analysis report for an unidentified flying object sighting that occurred in Manchester, New Hampshire on February 26, 1966.

OCR output:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NR__66-50___
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT ANALYSIS
LOCATION: MANCHESTER, NEW HAMPSHIRE
DATE: 26 February 1966
PHOTOGRAPHY:
AT: ______ IR: 1" x 7" print, one cropped enlargement QUALITY: _____
1. PURPOSE: This report is written for Major H. Quintanilla, TDETR, in answer to Work Order Number 66-82 requesting further analysis of the unidentified image on the referenced photography.
2. ANALYSIS: Analysis was conducted jointly by the Photo Analysis Branch, TDDPA and the Photo Processing Branch, TDDPP.
3. The additional information received from Mr. _____________, reference his letter dated 16 August 1966, has not been of value in identifying the image noted in Photo Analysis Report 66-24. The similarity which Mr. __________ states was used, would have had little or no effect on the illumination of an object at a distance of 600 feet when used in conjunction with a lens aperture of f 4.5. As stated in the letter the camera used was a 4" x 5" Speed Graphic with a normal lens. The camera focal length was not given. Raylor Dunn type film specified in the letter, a standard film which gives a standard film which gives a standard film which.
4. No additional analysis can be performed from this photography. Analytical conclusions remain as stated in PAR 66-24, with the addition that the flashbulb would have had little or no effect on illumination of the object.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:
CHARLES A. BURTON
Intelligence Research Specialist

APPROVED BY:
WILLIAM L. TURNER
Major, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

WILBUR PRICE, Lt Col
Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

- page 43 -

The image appears to be a photographic analysis report from Project Blue Book. There is no visible photograph in the document, only the text in the form. 

The text in the document is as follows:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 66-21
PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT 10 June 1966

SUBJECT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT ANALYSIS
LOCATION MANCHESTER, NEW HAMPSHIRE
DATE 26 February 1966

PHOTOGRAPHY:
AF P HRS IR QUALITY
One negative, one 5" x 7" print, one cropped enlargement

1. PURPOSE: This report is written for Major H. Quintanilla, TDEW/UFO, in answer to Work Order Number 65-414 requesting an analysis of the unidentified image on the referenced photographs.

2. ANALYSIS: Analysis was conducted jointly by the Photo Analysis Division, TDPA, and the Photo Interpretation Division, TDPF.

3. ONLY one true image appears on the negative. This image appears as a white ball on the 5" x 7" print. Under close examination, the image appears to be smooth, indicating little or no evidence of a hard image within the center of the white ball. There is little or no evidence of camera motion or image motion. There is little or no indication of the object's actual size, distance, or altitude. This photograph indicates the weather was clear and dry and that it was a bright night with many stars. This photograph should be credible at the image photographed was no brighter than many normal stars.

4. We are unable to make a positive identification of the image. Information necessary for a more definite analysis is lack of a claim, type of claim, lens data, focal length, exposure data, and distance from camera to object. Perhaps it should be noted that the reports of UFO sightings are sometimes, in part, the result of a subjective response concerning the appearance and movement of the object.

PHOTO ANALYSIS IS:
APPROVED BY:
CHARLES A. BURTON Lt., USAF
Photo Interpreter

HARRY J. JAMES
for RICHARD L. CHANCE
Captain, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysis Division

WILBER PRICE, JR.
Director,
Photo Exploitation Directorate

- page 44 -

The image appears to be a page from an old report document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). There is no photograph present in this particular page.

OCR Output:

FTD (TDEM)
Lt. Col. R.L. Peterson, AFR, Ohio 45433
5 May 1966
Manchester, New Hampshire 03103
Dear Sir:
Reference your letter of 27 April 1966 requesting the status of your unidentified object report.
I am sorry for the delay in returning your negative and two prints. It will take longer to process associated data and to evaluate your sightinq. Upon completion of analysis we will return your original negative along with two prints and a copy of the photo analysis.
Your concern for this project is appreciated.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 45 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It only contains handwritten text that states "This case includes Five (5) 8" x 10" B&W Photos and two (2) 35mm negatives."

Text output:
This case includes
Five (5) 8" x 10" B&W Photos
and two (2) 35mm negatives.

- page 46 -

The image appears to be a photograph showing a rectangular black object against a blank background. There are no discernible markings or details within the black area.

REPORT

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

SUBJECT: UFO REPORT

1. This report concerns the observation of an unidentified flying object in the vicinity of Manchester, New Hampshire, on or about 8 February 1966.

2. The observer was Mr. John A. Doe, a resident of Manchester, New Hampshire. Mr. Doe reported observing a bright, luminous, oval-shaped object moving rapidly across the night sky on the above date. The object was observed from approximately 2030 to 2045 hours local time.

3. Weather conditions at the time were clear with visibility estimated at 15 miles. No other witnesses to the sighting are known at this time.

4. This report is forwarded for your information and any action deemed appropriate.

- page 47 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather handwritten text on what appears to be a report page from Project Blue Book. The text reads:

Date: 26 February 1966
Manchester, New Hampshire
(1-2)

- page 48 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, but it does not contain any visible photographs. The page is mostly blank, with the text "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC" and "UNCLASSIFIED" printed at the top and bottom respectively.

As an OCR system, I can extract the following text from the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 49 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page with some handwritten text at the top that says "36 Tal 1/16 Manchester NH".

Transcribing the text from the document:
36 Tal 1/16
Manchester NH

- page 50 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page from a UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book. The page is labeled "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" at the top and "UNCLASSIFIED" on both sides. The majority of the page is a solid black background with no other visual content.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 51 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a blank page with some handwritten text at the top that says "26 Feb 1966 Manchester N.H."

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

26 Feb 1966
Manchester N.H.

- page 52 -

The image appears to be a blank black rectangle with the text "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" and "UNCLASSIFIED" printed at the top and bottom, respectively. There is no photograph or other visual content visible in this image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 53 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with the handwritten text "26 Feb 66 Manchester N.H." in the top left corner.

36 Feb 66
Manchester, N.H.

- page 54 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page with the text "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" and "UNCLASSIFIED" at the top.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 55 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image. 

The text in the document reads:

Reference your recent unidentified observations of 26 February 1966. Your report indicated that photos were taken of the 7 March 1966 sighting. Request that the original negatives be submitted in order that an evaluation may be made. If photos are available, please complete an AFTO Form 16b and return it in the envelope provided.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the U.S. Air Force.

Sincerely,
M. H. Quintanilla, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

ORIGINATOR: AFDWW/UFO DATED: APR 5 1966

- page 56 -

The image appears to be a blank page with only the handwritten text "26 FEB 1966 Manchester, N.H." at the top. There is no photograph or other visual information present in this image.

26 FEB 1966
Manchester, N.H.

- page 57 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a page from a declassified Project Blue Book document, which was a program run by the U.S. Air Force to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads as follows:

TD (TDBU)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 453433
11 March 1966

Manchester, New Hampshire

Dear Mr. 

Reference your recent unidentified observation of 26 February 1966. The information which we have received is not sufficient to allow an evaluation. It is suggested that you provide us with any additional information or evidence which you may have concerning your observation.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

GEORGE CJUENTINANA, Jv. Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 58 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The document appears to be a typed correspondence regarding a reported sighting of an unidentified flying object, but no actual photograph is included.

Proposed reply to correspondence from [redacted]

Dear Mr. [redacted],

Reference your sighting of 2 February 1966 in which a photograph was taken of an alleged unidentified flying object.

The additional information received (letter dated 16 August 1966) has not been of value in identifying the image on the photograph. The flashbulb, which was used, would have had little or no effect on the illumination of an object a distance of 600 feet when used in conjunction with a lens aperture of f 4.5. As stated in the letter, the camera used was a 4 x 5 speed graphic with a normal lens. The camera focal length was not given.

As for the report, although a positive identification of the stimuli has not been made, it is felt that you observed an aircraft. It should be noted that the reports of Mr. [redacted] concerning the appearance (color) and movement of the object are several respects concerning the appearance (color) and movement of the object are several respects concerning the appearance (color) and movement of the object are several respects concerning the appearance (color) and movement of the object are several respects contradictory.

As reported in the earlier photo analysis report, (reference letter of 2 August 1966 from Project Blue Book at Wright-Patterson) we are unable to make a positive measurement of the image without the additional information.

Enclosure:
1. Original Negative
2. One print

[redacted]
16 Jan 69

- page 59 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten and typed text.

UEST/TYO
Request for UFO Information
USAF (SAFOIN)
Reference the attached report from xxxxxxxxxx requesting information on unidentified flying objects. Attachment two is a proposed reply.
FOR THE COMMANDER
GEORGE G. MAUNDY, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems
1. Arch
2. Proposed Reply

- page 60 -

