The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a document or form related to Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). 

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP   29 May 1966   30/0330Z
3. SOURCE  Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS  One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION  3 Minutes, 30 Seconds
6. TYPE OBSERVATION  Ground-Visual
7. COURSE  N/A
8. PHOTOS  No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE  No
10. CONCLUSION  Possible Astro (ALTAIR)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS  Observer noted object which appeared as a light in the NE sky. The object was observed through binoculars and moved in a northerly direction. It was whitish with a little yellow being brighter than a star. The object moved in many directions.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document with text content only.

Dear Sir,

Please send me another form, FTD 16-1, and I will fill out the form and explain what I saw. 

Yours truly, 
[Redacted]
Atlanta, Georgia 30307

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. 

The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. We are trying to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 29th May 1966
2. Time of day: 10:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [REDACTED] City or Town [REDACTED] State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Test Duration) 5 minutes 30 seconds (Certain, Fairly certain, Not very sure, Just a guess)
5.1 How was time in sight determined? [REDACTED]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Bright, b. Cloudy (Night) a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FORM OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire to be filled out by the observer.

OCR output:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Bright
b. Dim
c. Very few
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. Dim or pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light, but dark inside

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes - No - Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or slow down at any time? Yes - No - Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes - No - Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes - No - Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes - No - Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes - No - Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes - No - Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes - No - Don't know

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that contains handwritten responses to various questions about a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The handwritten response indicates that the object appeared to dim or fade away slowly.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
The handwritten response indicates that the object did not move behind anything, and the observer is uncertain if it moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The handwritten response indicates that the object did not move in front of anything, and the observer is uncertain if it moved in front of a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: "None"
b. Color: "White, with little green & red"

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered?
The handwritten response provides details about the approximate size of the object compared to a match stick or arm's length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, appendages, etc., and specify whether they were solid, outlined, or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The image contains a handwritten sketch and notes describing the shape and movement of the observed object.

OCR Text Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
The object appeared to dim or fade away slowly.

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what:
The object did not move behind anything, and I'm uncertain if it moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know 
If you answered YES, then tell what:
The object did not move in front of anything, and I'm uncertain if it moved in front of a cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: White, with little green & red

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered?
A match stick covered about 10 percent of the object at arm's length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, appendages, etc., and specify whether they were solid, outlined, or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The image contains a handwritten sketch and notes describing the shape and movement of the observed object.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with various questions and checkboxes.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the subject? YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? YES NO 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 50

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors 
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North  b. Northeast  c. East  d. Southeast  e. South  f. Southwest  g. West  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses YES NO  b. Sun glasses YES NO  c. Windshield YES NO  d. Window glass YES NO
e. Binoculars YES NO  f. Telescope YES NO  g. Theodolite YES NO  h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. 201 3 read lights compressed together.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing instructions and diagrams related to reporting UFO sightings.

Text found in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object or objects were above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90°
60°
45°
30°
15°
0°

NW           N            NE

W                           E

SW           S            SE 

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

There was disappeared and reappeared

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from a UFO report document. I will now act as an OCR system and transcribe all the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location. 
Never seen before this object in life. It was a strange thing.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
YES
If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted] 
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 19 SEX: F
Indicated any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Read an article on UFO's by Frank Edwards and became interested in Unidentified Flying Objects and wondering if some of the strange sights I had seen could be UFO's.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
30 May 1966 NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE ON AERIAL PHENOMENA (NICAP)

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 11/16/67
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

For a few seconds after seeing the object I thought it seemed to be flying at a tremendous speed, then as it got closer it appeared to slow down a bit. It was gray in color and seemed to shine like aluminum or other metal as the light struck it. I then noticed the objects pointed out in the sketch - the North South wings were about 20 feet long and twisted up to a point in the middle. The object seemed to give off a light pulsation effect from the bottom center in a beam about 10 feet wide and extending about 25 feet below the object.

- page 9 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old Project Blue Book document.

PTD (ITEM) M51225-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433 
7 June 1966

Atlanta, Georgia 30307
Dear Mr. [redacted],

Reference your recent letter requesting an PTD Form 164 for your sighting of 29 May 1966. The PTD Form 164 and a self-addressed envelope is attached for your convenience.

Thank you for your interest in this subject.

Sincerely,

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 10 -

