PROJECT 10078 RECORD

1. DATE TIME GROUP
3/20532

2. LOCATION
Shively, Kentucky

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (AIRCRAFT)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 minute

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
East-North East

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated that the object was a solid. Object was sharp, distinct. Object was hidden by a cloud, did not have any distinct noise. Might very bright, steady. Object was completely covered by a cloud at same length.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
9m. It went behind a cloud a cloud

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: cloud

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound None
b. Color Very bright silver

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? one of it

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

WITHOUT
TELESCOPE

WITH
TELESCOPE

NO VAPOR TRAILS


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _______________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   10,000 FEET

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No       e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No       f. Telescope       Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No       g. Theodolite      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No       h. Other ____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A small bright cloud would look turned upright down with a portion on the bottom.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

(Handwritten text below the diagram: C WITHOUT TELESCOPE)

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document also contains two diagrams: one showing a curved line with angle measurements and a landscape, and the other showing a compass rose.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

[Redacted address]
SHIVELY, KY. 40216

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME [Redacted]
        Last Name    First Name    Middle Name

ADDRESS [Redacted]    SHIVELY    KY
         Street        City    Zone    State

TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]    AGE 14    SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

1. HONOR STUDENT AT WILSON DAVID HIGH
2. AMATEUR ASTRONOMER
3. ASTRONOMY INSTRUCTOR OF TROOP 162
4. HOBBY - COLLECTING AIRPLANES
5. 2 YEARS EXPERIENCE OF OBSERVING NATURAL AERIAL THINGS THROUGH TELESCOPE.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?    ON CITY OF
                                                                    SIGHTING TOLD
                                                                    PARENTS
    Day        Month    Year


- page 6 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    1     4     16     67
                                                    Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Returning from 2 hours of shopping
to hand lights with an 80% telescope
on Pot. Chop Hill, I stopped to
glance up. I saw a silver ball moving
across sky. I jumped out my bike
and we immediately set up the telescope,
[blacked out text] found the object in the
field, and I saw the object. For
approximately 20 seconds I viewed
the object. I had an excellent basis.
I said "It's a source." I
demanded a look. After he could
look, the object to vanished in a
cloud.


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 9

4 June

The puzzling thing about the entire case is how [redacted] came into possession of the rather remarkable color polaroid photographs. What were the circumstances under which the photographs were taken, and how were they contrived? Somebody went to a fair amount of trouble, but why? I questioned both the sheriff and asked the report, as to find out, whether [redacted] was ever known to have bought photographic supplies in the local stores, and whether he knew anything about photography himself. The reply to this as far as could be determined, was negative. If one had the time, this would make a very interesting, but not terribly significant detective story. I would suggest it as a psychology master's degree thesis!

It should be pointed out that the [redacted] sighting was no means the only case reported in that area. There followed a spate of reports, apparently all through the year, and as late as November 3, 1967, when a [redacted] made a typical counter, luminous body sighting. "It was big enough to see a car in!", said the [redacted], "It was shaped like a cigar and was round."

I believe there is a moral to be drawn from the Wellington case. Had the Altus Air Force Base reacted promptly and done a good investigation on this case, very early in the game, and in particular, had found out how Mr. [redacted] had come into possession of said pictures, a lot of later trouble could have been saved. We still don't know how the pictures came into being.

21. 2 April 1967, Shively, Kentucky.

The evaluation "possible aircraft" seems okay. The sighting fits a pattern of the unusual, but we do not know how much the young boys "read into" what might have been a perfectly ordinary sighting. They are familiar with UFO literature and could have given a highly preferential interpretation to their sighting. The sighting was of short duration and the telescopic sighting was 20 seconds or less, hardly enough time to make a cold appraisal at a time of high excitement. Proper investigation at the local level could have easily determined how much of this was interpretation and how much was fact.

22. 3 April 1967, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

The evaluation "aircraft" is ludicrous, if any credence whatever is given to the sanity and reliability of the observer. If it was an aircraft, then it created in the mind of the observer an entire fantasy, because as the observer stated, "there is no object I've ever seen similar to this object I saw. Or could even compare to it."


- page 8 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO                                                   14 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 2 Aug 67

TO: [Redacted]
    Shively, Kentucky 40215

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems                                1 Atch
                                                                    FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 9 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

it if was r to take the Great Flying
"Flying Saucer" & Toynbee's book
"Flying Through" I it is a photo taken
in the Millburnsville Australia of
an object. This object is almost a
partly the same as the object I
have.

I would appreciate an answer and
to this UFO and was official
suffocation of myself & sure, it then
it order. I remain you very much.

Shively, KY 40216

Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty, so I've transcribed them as best I can.


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Send 164

Dear Sir,

I would like to report a sighting of a flying unusual. On we noted at Upike, at 9:30 P.M. while returning from a city where we were watching something strange. We 70 X jilted astronomically, which through a jet passed at the time. Then I saw this object something in Silver Bullymoig rather quickly. I stopped my vehicle and called to may companion (not named) - He did not want to see. Then waited and told him to look. Life. I immediately sat up in the telescope. It was in to found the super and I found it moving slowly. The object was not a ball. It looked like the one we noticed before - long wide a torpedo, on the bottom. I own an experienced amateur astronomy. I was not flying. I then mentioned 20 kilometers. Other mentioned 20 kilometers. The object just was not. It was 125 to 150 feet long. A large missile might look like this. I do not know what the object is. I could 20 words after that were illegible.


- page 11 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

NELSON
AVE

WOODMERE

NELSON
AVE

There are also some other markings and symbols on the page, including an oval shape, some arrows, and small numerical/alphabetical notations, but I have transcribed all the legible text.


- page 12 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

NO TOTAL
NO WINDOWS
VER HEIGHT

(There is also a small hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or flying object in the center of the page)

The text on the left side of the page is partially illegible, but appears to include fragments of words related to a date or location.

The page has three circular punch holes on the right side and appears to be part of an official document or report.


- page 13 -

The text on the page is partially legible. Here's what I can make out:

Object
First

Project

Some words are difficult to read completely due to the image quality. There are also some hand-drawn sketches that appear to be of aircraft or objects, and the page has three hole punches on the right side, indicating it's from a binder or file.


- page 14 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2 April 1967
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 3   53
(Circle One):   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Youngland Ave   Shively   Kentucky
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)   1   2
                                 Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain     c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Friends' Wristwatch

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ✓   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at this object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 15 -

