The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document with various fields and sections, but no actual photographs are present.

PROJECT RECORD
2. LOCATION
10. CONCLUSION
1. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
7. COURSE
8. PHOTOS
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads:

Proposed reply to -------- (Sighting: July 26, 1967)

Dear Mr. --------,

This replies to your recent letter concerning your observation of an unidentified flying object on July 26, 1967.

Investigation has revealed that you probably observed the planet Venus. At approximately 9:30 pm, EDT, on July 26, 1967, Venus would have been on an azimuth of 275 degrees, at an elevation of eight degrees.

You stated, ". . . Venus at this time of the year is not even close or even on the horizon line." According to the American Ephemeris and Nautical Almanac 1967, Venus set at approximately 10:00 pm, EDT on July 26, 1967. Thus, the planet would have been near the horizon at 9:30 pm EDT.

You also mentioned that when viewed with binoculars the object appeared somewhat fuzzy or blurred. This is normally expected since the images formed by binocular lenses often show spherical aberration.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the Project Blue Book Information Office.

Project Blue Book Information Office
SAFOI
Washington, D.C.
Sirs:
The many books I have read say that when you see a UFO to report it. But what happened as I did is very curious.
I saw the object July 26, 1967 at close to 9:30 p.m. daylight saving time. The time zone was Eastern. I was at the address above. The object was in sight for some 15 minutes. It seemed that long. The object was in sight all the time. The condition of the sky was bright against there were no clouds. The weather was dry. The object appeared as a light. The object was so bright I could hardly look at it. There was a glare on the weather cap. The object appeared and disappeared at random times that night and into the early morning hours. I kept watching it because it fascinated me. At this time of year it is not even close or even on the horizon line. If it had changed appearance or very bright it seemed to become duller and duller on it. It was hazy or blurred and as I kept watching it became more and more distinct and looked as though it was still going or standing still. The object looked to stand still at Christmas, but this was silver or gray color. Then a red ball of fire then there were silver small about the size of pin heads objects near the Amole constellation. There seemed to move up and away at a good speed. Much faster then the red object did. As said before there were no clouds in the area and the time. There was no sound to the object or later objects. You can say how dry that came winter with no moisture. It was his enough that a dim would just cover it. I would say that the object had to be at least 5,000 feet or more. I spent up to two hours and some times more out at night. I have been with astronomy new 15 years. This object was at 30 degrees right overhead. If I had had a 35mm camera you would have some good pictures with this sighting.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document.

NO. 32. Please give information about yourself:
NAME: (redacted)
Address: (redacted) Pittsburgh 32, Pa.
Telephone- None 
Age: 21
Sex: Male

I have seen satellites all kinds of jets at all hours all types of Aircraft. I have seen meteor and as I said before I have been with Astronomy for ten years.

I reported the sighting the same evening. 
First I called the Alleghany Airport tower (control)
Next: I called the Pittsburgh Press and ask if anyone had reported an object. 
Then: I called the Buhl Planetarium which they in turn gave me a story about a weather balloon, not like this did.

I hoped I have helped in some way with this report to you.

(Signature)

- page 4 -

The image contains several sketches and handwritten descriptions, but no photographic image. 

The text in the document is as follows:

1. Without sketching
2. Hazy, still (with something close to a cloud) (with glasses)
3. All at once a great mass of silver material
4. Then a red ball object goes off toward the Northwest
5. Now I see a 3-4" silver object, a mass of silver moving away
6. After they left (the objects) This silver mass strikes Toward Northeast. Seen there is nothing

- page 5 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document or image of a typed letter.

Miss Turnure/SAF-OIC/75586/18 Aug 67

AUG 18 1967

Dear Mr. _________:

This is in replies to your recent letter concerning your observation of an unidentified flying object on July 26, 1967.

Your observations revealed that on that date an object approximately 9:30 p.m. E.D.T., over Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, would have been on an azimuth of 275 degrees, at an elevation of 10 degrees, according to American Ephemeris and Nautical Almanac 1967. Venus was a very bright object in the sky at that time of the year.

You also mentioned that when viewed with binoculars the object appeared fuzzy or blurred. This is often how celestial objects appear through binoculars.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

BARNETT B. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15232
SAF-OIC

- page 6 -

The image contains a document that appears to be a typed letter or report. There is no photograph present in this image. 

Transcribed text from the document:

Proposed reply to Jon McDonald (Sighting: July 26, 1967)

Dear Mr. _____,

This replies to your recent letter concerning your observation of an unidentified flying object on July 26, 1967. 

Investigation has revealed that you probably observed the planet Venus. At approximately 9:30 p.m., EDT, on July 26, 1967, Venus would have been on an azimuth of 275 degrees, at an elevation of eight degrees.

You stated, "... Venus at this time of the year is not even close or even on the horizon line." According to the American Ephemeris and Nautical Almanac 1967, Venus set at approximately 10:00 p.m., EDT on July 26, 1967. Thus, the planet would have been near the horizon at 9:30 p.m. EDT.

You also mentioned that when viewed with binoculars the object at first appeared somewhat fuzzy or blurred. This is normally expected since the images formed by binocular lenses often show spherical aberration.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

- page 7 -

