PROJECT BLUE RECORD

Location: London, Ohio

CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR VALUATION

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated that the object was seen as a bright object. At or near object was more to determine, it to the color: was black or white. Witness was certain of a color: none but black object ... it appeared as blink coating it.


- page 1 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   30th   April   1967
                                                     Day     Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Being a bicyclist, it is only natural that I travel with eyes open. Darting animals can cross my path, sense of hearing is also sharpened. The traffic from the rear, as well as oncoming. Aircraft in trouble are liable to make their appearance. Birds during mating season are on guard against other birds, or human beings, and may attack.

Shortly after my purchase of a 6" reflector telescope, I studied the Biostatistic in which I had included the insects. I had reported to follow employees that appeared to be about 6' long, and about 100' from me as I was looking. Information given in the instructions with the World Portrait Globe, by Rand McNally, states that most instrument bearing satellites of ours, are about 6' - 6½' long.

Have been trying to estimate the dimensions of the object sighted. Said object could not have been very far beyond the government storage bins of which I spoke. A rough estimate would place it at about 35 feet across. Maybe 5 or 6 feet high in its highest point. During the time of sighting, tried to imagine birds such a formation, but ruled this out. Only ducks or geese are known to act such, and being birds of March, and the direction of movement being due south, could not feel this as birds. A night or two later, felt that the object had collided with a flight of birds, which hampered vision, and a temporary low level check had to be made.

No report of aircraft landings, especially gliders, had been given for that period of time.


- page 2 -

Wednesday March 15th, '67
London, Ohio

Commanding Officer
Hq 4602d
Wright-Patterson Field
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir/

Was conversing with a lady teacher of this community just a short time ago this evening, and she advised me to get in touch with your command.

The subject has to do with a UFO which I sighted about two weeks ago, while traveling to the Bureau of Criminal Ident. & Invest., where I am employed. As the object was close to the ground upon discovery, and moving over so slowly, it gave me time to give it considerable consideration as not being a group of birds, aircraft in difficulty, nor a glider.

The teacher in question advised me that your interests lie definitely in this direction, and she coaxed me to get in touch with you. The mottled appearance of the structure of this craft seemed to her a tip-off, but am inclined to believe that they had struck a flight of birds, such as insects strike a windshield of an automobile. It is my belief that this craft know I would see them, and pretended to be landing, then as suddenly, shoot straight up.

No sound was heard from this craft, wind was out of the north at 5 miles an hour, no craft crossed my lines of sight near the highway prior to my sighting it. As I ride a bicycle when possible, visability was exceptionally good. Approx. 7:00 AM. Cannot describe this craft as some which were published in the newspapers. It appeared like a class of aircraft which has the slightly upturned wingtips, but as was mentioned previously, it was traveling much too slow to be aircraft or an energy-type landing. No craft has been reported as having landed that day in that vicinity, and it is correlational institutional property. From my viewpoint, this craft appeared like an aeroplane, free will, or front, but the mottled appearance suggests transparent rotors.

Possibly the description I have given of the craft can assist you in identifying other craft. However, you are more than welcome to the above description.

Respectfully yours, I am,


- page 3 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFTC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, Mar 67

TO: [redacted]
London, Ohio 43140

26 April 1967

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Confusing + Insufficient info. --

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Wed - 1st March 1967
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

2. Time of day: 7: 00 or 05
Hour Minutes

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
London, Ohio                London                 Ohio (Madison)
Nearest Postal Address     City or Town           State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours 1 (approx.) Minutes Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By my rate of travel and clear view of object.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright a. Bright
b. Cloudy b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you d. To your left
b. In back of you e. Overhead
c. To your right f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: This factor was hard to determine due to the splotchy areas which comprise its structure. At sighting time. See item 19

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
I was hoping to get a clearer view of the object, after passing the gov't storage bins, which it was travelling parallel with, just over the adjoining field. There was no sign of it anywhere when I passed the last row of bins, so I presumed it went aloft during the time I was abreast of the bins, along the road.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes [ ] No [X] Don't Know [ ]
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [blank]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes [ ] No [X] Don't Know [ ]
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: [blank]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - None but the black splotches, which appeared as birds coating it.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Possibly half of the winglike structure, or one third of the thickness of same. And not more than side diameter of the match head, east or west of this winglike structure, than the test conducted.
With the object in the wind's eye as it appeared then, area covered by a match head would have been negligible.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included with labels: "cabin or control housing", "due south direction of travel", and "wings or rotors"]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?   10-15 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   300-400 ft.
                                                                (or less)

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________   on a bicycle

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           e. East           g. South           h. West
b. Northeast       f. Southwest      d. Southeast       h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?   10-13   miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No

e. Binoculars      Yes   No
f. Telescope       Yes   No
g. Theodolite      Yes   No
h. Other _____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. Our aircraft includes one which bears wingtips and wing tips of a retailed hawk, or bald eagle. This, minus tail assembly, but with clear-ly defined cabin or fuselage in the center, would comprise its shape. As it was traveling at an angle of about 30° to about 50° when it was last seen, some sort of tall assembly should have been noted, if standard aircraft. All cabin, or housing was above the wing or rotor structure.


- page 8 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place an "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. Last sighting about 2° this elevation.

These storage bins close together. Actual number of them unknown to me.

Road I was riding west on.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
-

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS   London   City   Ohio   State
TELEPHONE NUMBER   AGE 49   SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Have been employed by the Bureau of Criminal Identification and Investigation for Ohio State for 19 years. In work is continuing, dealing with fingerprint classification, searches, and file work, being always of realistic and positive results.
What the eye sees, is therefore taken to be real and logical, especially, when out of doors. Have also taken and completed, a course of training in camera repair, which includes optics and the application of same.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Wed. 1st   March   1967   Identification Officers in the same room in which I am employed, on the date mentioned, and several citizens of this city. Not to newspapers, or police.
In a recent letter to my sister, but not in receipt of answer from her, at this time.


- page 10 -

