The image contains a document page from Project Blue Book, an old UFO report project. There appears to be no photograph present in this particular page.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

T TIME GROUP
CLASSIFICATION
DRAFTER S SUBJECT
1. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
10- 15 seconds
3. NO OF OBJECTS
1

4. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was round, about the size of a dull yellow balloon. Observer did not see it take off or land.

FTD -MT-2 -4-63 (722) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document with a blank space in the center, possibly intended for an image or photograph that is not present in this particular document page.

Text found in the document:
Page 8

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a project blue book document with a form for a questionnaire. The form has questions 34 and 35 visible, but the rest of the page is blank.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the old UFO report document.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

NOV 1 1967

TDER/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation

Fayetteville, N.C. 28302

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific investigation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document or page from Project Blue Book, which was a UFO investigation project by the United States Air Force.

MAJOR HECTOR QUINTANILLA,SR.
Chief, Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Dear Sir,

Our station is receiving some sightings along a road that outside of town, within we have a case night installation. 
There has been a nighttime observation, lights on -- 10:57.
Senders see the same lights again this past.
What should be our next step on this incident?
We want to be sure we are handling it properly.

Ted York

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" questionnaire.

Text extracted from the image:

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Sept 1967 

2. Time of day:  (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Fayetteville - North Carolina

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 4 Hours Minutes Seconds. a. Certain b. Fairly certain. 5.1 How was time in sight determined? Just a guess 5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): DAY - a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy NIGHT - a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting. 

The text on the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid 
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
It was like a house light.

12. The edge of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (YES) (NO) (Don't know)
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (YES) (NO) (Don't know)
c. Break up into parts or explode? (YES) (NO) (Don't know)
d. Change brightness? (YES) (NO) (Don't know)
e. Change shape? (YES) (NO) (Don't know)
f. Flash or flicker? (YES) (NO) (Don't know)
g. Disappear and reappear? (YES) (NO) (Don't know)

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document or form related to a Project Blue Book UFO investigation.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 200 ft

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoor, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? 32.0 miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No, b. Sun glasses Yes No, c. Windshield Yes No, d. Window glass Yes No, e. Binoculars Yes No, f. Telescope Yes No, g. Theodolite Yes No, h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which you observed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The text in the document says:
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 200 ft

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoor, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? 32.0 miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses Yes No, b. Sun glasses Yes No, c. Windshield Yes No, d. Window glass Yes No, e. Binoculars Yes No, f. Telescope Yes No, g. Theodolite Yes No, h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which you observed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a document page from Project Blue Book with a hand-drawn sketch and written responses to questions about a UFO sighting.

"14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
yes

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): YES   NO   Don't Know.  
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: some trees

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES   NO   Don't Know. 
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound a slight swishing sound
b. Color a dull yellow 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/3

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving."

(The provided sketch shows a triangular or diamond shaped object.)

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document under Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
yes

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Redacted name and address

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Redacted
ADDRESS: Redacted, Fayetteville, N.Carolina
TELEPHONE NUMBER: Redacted
AGE: 19 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
One of my special interests is Unidentified Flying Objects

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
(Day) (Month) (Year)

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram. The sketch shows an object in the sky and a compass with angular measurements. There is also an instruction to draw a picture showing the motion or trajectory of the object or objects.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

