The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 4/01/302
2. LOCATION: Mt. Airy, North Carolina
3. SOURCE: Civilians
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Aircraft (possible)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10:30 PM
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Orange colored objects
7. COURSE: Continued NE
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. RADAR SIGHTING: None

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

Observers watched two orange colored objects which were later defined by them to have two slight white wings or wings flying side by side. A third object joined the first two and all three objects were moving at a rapid rate like four objects were traveling in formation. All were in a horizontal plane traveling toward the NE when they made a slight turn and continued in a path leading toward the south. There are these low level aircraft training routes in the general area. It is possible that the witnesses saw jet aircraft during night training flights.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Project Blue Book Information Office
P.O. Box: 
Washington, D.C. 20330

Sighting:
I would like to report sighting of some unusual flying objects. These objects were first noticed by my son on March 5, 1967. 
The objects appeared to be about 7 miles, straight up from the center of this town of about 9,000 inhabitants. I enclose an address, which is near the center of this town of about 9,000 inhabitants. I enclose an address, which is near the center of this town and seems to be a good location for observation.

I was working at the telephone office, where I have been employed as a night operator. When I needed some information for a caller, when I needed some information for a caller.  I immediately looked up to see what strange objects caused this disturbance. I noticed the objects were almost overhead.

Descriptions:
The objects had disappeared over the horizon behind the town but they too were very low, just above the horizon. I received the call about 9:30 P.M. E.S.T.
Which was a good description of sighting two orange objects which appeared to be descending very slowly and gradually. It had seemed that they had disappeared over the horizon behind the town but they too were very low, just above the horizon. I received the call about 9:30 P.M. E.S.T.

The objects stayed in the yard a while and finally went in the house. The events are mentioned in my report. This report was written by myself. We did not attempt to take any photographs as this was not customary in our home.

Attached descriptions were written next morning. Independently, my wife and I both describe what we had observed while it was fresh in our minds.

The signatures are also included, which were taken at 7:30 as 1/10 sec. on Tri-X film, ASA 400. This was in an effort to determine the relative brightness and size of the objects. The delaying this long to submit this report was the lack of more specific identifying data, which I hope this report will suffice. At this point, I don't think any more information can be obtained.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Mr. and I both observed with 7x50 binoculars, as well
The weather was clear, no clouds and no moon. The stars were brilliant, and the night was cold.  We can't think of anything else that may be of interest at this time other than the information that you can see in the report.
As I said before, this is all I can say about the incident. I hope this information is helpful. Please let me know if you need anything else.
Very truly yours,

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text.

March 3, 1967 8:30 p.m. EST
The first thing that I saw was a shooting star that traveled directly over the house. In a few seconds as I was searching the sky for other stars I saw a distant light, bright light approaching, came nearer and began to travel almost parallel. But soon it became evident that the light was not caused by an airplane, nor did it appear as any airplane that I had ever seen before.
As it came nearer it seemed to have now followed by a smaller light several miles behind it. These two lights began to travel off and fly side by side, as if in formation. The distance between the two lights varied from one mile to four miles.
They were traveling at a very fast air maneuvering rate. Coming closer and closer to the house. The glow of the street light here is somewhat at the wrong terms. At no time was the object luminously shone as seen in the past. The closer they got objects came, the smaller they appeared. The color that had previously been a dull red now appeared as two separate colored-one red and one white. Both and continued watching, but as it began to maneuver, it was no longer visible and we ran into the house. We called our neighbors and when we all came back out, the lights were in almost the same location. We followed their progress. The first time that I viewed them through binoculars they appeared as red and white lights. I went into the house after giving my father who was at work. When I came out, the lights appeared to be much closer to us. The were midway between the house and the trees. I looked through the main chairs. The lights were more distinct. That did not appear to be trailing. I could not distinguish the shape clearly. During all of these happenings the lights were continuing to move southward. At times, as we watched their progress the lights would suddenly appear to rise sharply, a blind moving object and then disappear. This light passed, then lining up with another to, it too call in line and had the other objects.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, with text printed on it. I will proceed to extract and output the text found in the document.

Coincidentally and one of the objects would in a little higher or tower than the other two. Sometimes the distance between the two varied. However, after that they fell into a line their speed became more rapid. They began to fade from sight and went into the horizon and called the duration was yet they could see is that they would seem to stay over their homes ( which is located on the other side of the light), when I went outdoors again the objects hovered motionless for about from where I were. The last time I seen them, which was the last observation, was when they appeared some 25-35 minutes later.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text describing a UFO sighting.

March 3, 1957 9:00 p.m. EST
We were sitting on the back porch, discussing our first sightings when we noticed something in the sky. It was just as dark as the night, but it seemed to be glowing. It was hovering above the tree line that is to the south of our house. I was surprised at how fast it moved, darting back and forth across the sky in the distance. The color was a reddish orange, like the color of the moon when it is quite low.

We went out in the yard to get a better look. The object came even closer and we could see more details. It seemed to hover for a short time, then suddenly took off at a very high rate of speed. It disappeared from sight in a matter of seconds. 

We went back in the house to get the exposure and film. We wanted to try to photograph the object if it returned. As we were discussing the experience, it appeared again, not as close as before, but a little to the right. I managed to get two pictures before it disappeared again. 

The pictures did not turn out very clearly. All we could see was a reddish glow. It seemed the faster the object moved, the more blurred the pictures were. We waited for over an hour but the object did not return.

Text from the document:

March 3, 1957 9:00 p.m. EST
and we were sitting on the back porch, discussing our first sightings. There was something in the sky. It was just as dark as the night, but it seemed to be glowing. It was hovering above the tree line that is to the south of our house. I was surprised at how fast it moved, darting back and forth across the sky in the distance. The color was a reddish orange, like the color of the moon when it is quite low.
We went out in the yard to get a better look. The object came even closer and we could see more details. It seemed to hover for a short time, then suddenly took off at a very high rate of speed. It disappeared from sight in a matter of seconds.
We went back in the house to get the exposure and film. We wanted to try to photograph the object if it returned. As we were discussing the experience, it appeared again, not as close as before, but a little to the right. I managed to get two pictures before it disappeared again.
The pictures did not turn out very clearly. All we could see was a reddish glow. It seemed the faster the object moved, the more blurred the pictures were. We waited for over an hour but the object did not return.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or document of some sort.

March 2, 1967 9:00 p.m. EST
Attachment 3

As the reporting agent, I received a call at about 8:50 p.m. telling me to look outside because there was some type of unidentified flying object in the sky. I went outside with the caller and observed the object. It was well defined and appeared to be about 25 degrees above the horizon to the southwest.
The object was observed for about 15 minutes. It was hovering and maintaining a constant heading. There were six similar lights about 11 degrees above the area. The main object appeared to be about 40 feet in diameter and was emitting a steady blue-white light. It seemed to have a bright corona around it. The object was observed to suddenly start moving to the southwest and continued out of sight. As the object moved, it gave the appearance as the first two. At about 20 degrees above the horizon, it stopped and hovered for about two minutes, then started moving again, this time to the northwest and was observed for about four minutes, then disappeared into the night sky.

- page 7 -

