PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 3 Jan 67 / 4/0252

2. LOCATION: Arizona, California multiple

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-20 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Air Visual

7. COURSE: NW

8. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes [X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [ ] Yes [X] No

10. CONCLUSION: Astro(Fireball) ✓ 

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observers reported a greenish-white object which was coming straight downward which was visible for several seconds. The pilot said that he first thought it was a UFO, but later thought it must have been a large, bright meteor. The pilot saw the object for about 20 seconds. It apparently exploded into several pieces. Other sightings reported quite similar descriptions of the object.

Contact with various organizations have lead to the conclusion that this object was a large fireball. The description, colors, flight path, etc. lead to this conclusion. The descriptions are very consistent with that of a fireball/bolide phenomenon.

FORM FTD SEP 0-220 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

3 JAN 67
YUMA, AZ (Calif)

Memo for the Record:  4 JAN 67

At 0225-257, 4 Jan 67, Major Winstead, AFCO, telephonically advised
15th AF thru SAC a UFO incident as follows:

"Sighted 2225 LST(0/0525-0352) from Yuma, Arizona to coastline
was an elongated UFO. It was reported to Los Angeles watch super-
visor. A United Airlines pilot also reported it to the Los
Angeles Center. The pilot reported bright lights trailing sparks
and flames, bright enough to light up his cockpit. Also the Yuma
tower and motorists reported a quite similar object. The object
appeared to explode over the coastline.

Contact was made with SPADATS; however they had only a fragment
report thru channels. It is unlikely that a fragment could have
accounted for the observation.

Contact was made with Vandenburg AFB and Point Magu in regards to
any missile activity which could have accounted for the sighting.
In both cases there was no missile activity to account for the
sighting.

Contact was made with the 27th Air Div, Luke AFB, Arizona. No in-
formation was available. Return call from Capt. Cross furnished
the following information: The first call to the 27th was at 0525Z
from the Los Angeles watch superior reporting a sighting from Yuma,
Arizona. The Los Angeles center again called at 0532h, 4 Jan 67
to report that a United Airlines pilot had seen a UFO.

Contact was made with the Yuma Proving Grounds(Army) in regards to
the sighting. The PIO actually saw the object that came over the
previous night. He was at a drive in movie and saw what he thought
was a large bright meteor. He said that the object was predominately
green in color with some off white. It was seen for about 2 seconds.

Contact was made with Air Maint. Traffic Control Center in Palm
Springs, Calif. They had no information on the sighting. The watch
supervisor, Mr. Macy said that he would contact the watch supervisor
who was on duty at the time of the sighting. Mr. Macy called back
and said that he had contacted Mr. Frank Reed who was the watch
supervisor on the night of the sighting. He said that the object was
observed for 20-30 seconds by the pilot. The aircraft was over Mt.
Whitney at an altitude of about 32,000 feet. The pilot said that
he first thought that it was a UFO but later realized that it must
have been a bright meteor. It came straight down and broke up
into several pieces. Other reports were made on the object, all
fitting the same description. Sightings were made in Yuma, Arizona,
Bakersfield, San Diego, California.


- page 2 -

Memo for the Record:   4 JAN 67

Contact was made with the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
in regard to the sighting.  Conversation with Mr. [redacted]
revealed that there have been no reports to his observatory
on this particular sighting.  He will contact some of the Koon-
watch team to determine if any of the members had heard or seen
anything.


- page 3 -

Memo for the Record: 5 JAN 67

Contact was made with the U.S. Naval Observatory, Flagstaff, Arizona (602-771-6623). Conversation with Dr. Aron, director of the observatory, revealed that no reports had been forwarded to his observatory regarding a bright meteor or fireball being observed on the night of 3 Jan 6 after toiling in the description of the object that was seen, he said that it was very much like that reported for a large fireball. He said that when a fireball enters the atmosphere it has up a tubular section of the atmosphere. Sometimes its trail is visible for a couple of minutes depending on several factors. Dr. Aron suggested that contact be made with the Kitt-Peak National Observatory since they are the clearing house for reported meteor observations.

Contact was made with the Kitt Peak National Observatory, Tucson, Arizona (602-327-6555). There has been no reports made to this observatory in a-igns to the sighting over western Arizona. They had no record of anyone seeing the alleged object.


- page 4 -

