PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
5 April 1967
1430 EST 5/2102

2. LOCATION
OLD BRIDGE, NEW JERSEY

3. SOURCE
CIVILIAN

10. CONCLUSION
CASE: (CONFLICTING DATA)
PHOTO: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
SIX MINUTES

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The observer stated that he photographed a silverish, metal, spinning object that made a constant beeping sound.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
GROUND-VISUAL

7. COURSE
W to S

COMMENTS: In his original letter the observer stated that he saw it on the 12th of April. The witness was requested several times to complete a 117. Finally the witness was telephoned. He stated that he didn't have time to return the forms and that the sighting was during May, June, or July 1967. At the time of sighting, the observer was 13 years old and the witness 12.

8. PHOTOS
Yes
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
No

FORM
FTD SP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
Yes, It was spinning out, most out of view

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Constant Buzzing
b. Color - Silverish with a metallic

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/2 of it

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch is included with notes like "I was in a slant", "Pear Shaped", "moving", and "No exhaust trails"]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? APR. 5-7 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? APR. 250 yds.

22. Where were you located when you saw this object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East            e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast       f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No     e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No     f. Telescope       Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No     g. Theodolite      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No     h. Other _____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
A FRISBEE WITH A PROJECTION INSIDE THE MIDDLE


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Handwritten notes:
Question 27: (no visible handwritten response)
Question 28: "HILL" and some additional scribbled notes
Question 29: "THERE WAS JUST ONE OBJECT."

The document also contains two diagrams: one showing a curved line with angle measurements and a compass rose, and another showing a path with start and end points marked.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give data or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
8 LODGE TERRACE
OLD BRIDGE, N.J.
08857

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS OLD BRIDGE N.J.

TELEPHONE NUMBER 201   AGE 13   SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? TO MY FATHER NEIL ROSE MAYBE NEXT DAY OR SO, MY BROTHER

Day 6   Month APRIL   Year 1967


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

24. Date you completed this questionnaire:   27   MAY   1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

IT WAS ALL COVERED IN THE QUESTIONNAIRE.
I USED A POLAROID SWINGER
LAND CAMERA IN TAKING THE PICTURE.
WHAT IS PIC'?


- page 7 -

The image appears to be a very faint and low-quality black and white document or photograph. Most of the text is illegible due to poor image quality and heavy graininess. There are some blurry dark smudges and shapes across the page, but no clear text can be discerned. The bottom of the page has a darker, more dense area that might be part of a document footer or border.


- page 8 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be extremely faint and degraded. While there are some blurry shapes and shadows, the text is completely illegible. The document seems to be a scanned black and white page with very poor image quality, making it impossible to discern any specific text or details.


- page 9 -

The image appears to be a very faint, low-quality black and white photograph with significant degradation and blurriness. There is a small dark object or shape on the right side of the image, but the details are extremely difficult to discern due to the poor image quality. Most of the page is a washed-out white/gray color with indistinct smudges and shadows. No legible text is visible on this page.


- page 10 -

The image appears to be a very low-quality, faded black and white document with significant degradation and poor scanning quality. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor image resolution and contrast. There is a small dark object or shape near the center-right of the image, but its details cannot be discerned. The bottom of the page has a dark horizontal band, which might be part of the document's border or a scanning artifact.


- page 11 -

THIS CASE INCLUDES

1 PHOTO 2½ x 3
1 NEGATIVE 5x7
5 PHOTOS 8x10


- page 12 -

The image appears to be a very low-quality, faded black and white document with significant noise and degradation. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor image quality. There is a small dark object or shape near the bottom right of the image, but its details cannot be discerned. The document seems to be a scanned page from an old file, but the content is not readable.


- page 13 -

In August 1963 Lt Narano spoke with [redacted] regarding his unidentified observation of last summer that he observed with Moscaretolo. [redacted] said he definitely saw the object during May, June or July at about 3 o'clock. Saw it for a couple of minutes, maybe one or two minutes, but am not sure. He was standing next to a woods with the object over the trees. The trees were about two-hundred feet high and the object was about 200 feet from him. The object was silver and didn't make any noise. [redacted] didn't remember how it disappeared. It moved pretty slowly. Couldn't compare it with any objects. There was only one object. We were just in the front yard and ran in the house and t hen right back out. No one was outside. It Narano asked him why they only took one picture and he replied "I don't know." Lt Narano asked him if he had time to take more than one picture and he replied "Yes."

He doesn't belong to UFO clubs and is now 13 years old. His phone number is [redacted]. Lt Narano asked him why he didn't return the forms. "I didn't have time to return them." Lt Narano asked him if he reported it to his parents. "Yes." Lt Narano asked him when his parents would be home "I don't know." Lt Narano asked if they are home during the day. "No." He then asked if they are home during the evening "Yes, and [redacted] parents are home during the day."


- page 14 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 5 April 1967

TO: Old Bridge, New Jersey 08857

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object.

If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 5 April 1967, would you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this sighting, you would please make a statement to this effect on the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117 w/envelope


- page 15 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFRO)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 5 April 1967

TO: Old Bridge, New Jersey 08857

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Branch (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 5 April 1967 would you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please make a statement to this effect on the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

JAMES C. MAHATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Production

1 Atch
AF Form 117


- page 16 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object
LOCATION: Old Bridge, New Jersey                DATE: 5 April 1967

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF          18                               QUALITY: Poor
PRINTS: One original print (8x10)

1. PURPOSE: This report is in reply to Work Order Number 67-111, submitted by Major Quintrell, IDEN/UE, requesting photo analysis to be accomplished on a photograph of an "Unidentified Flying Object" to determine what the object may be. The object was photographed in Old Bridge, New Jersey on 5 April 1967.

2. ANALYSIS: The object appears to be circular in platform and the only detail discernible is a small unidentified protuberance located at the bottom center of the object. Although the photography appears to be authentic, the object could not be identified from the available evidence.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:                            APPROVED BY:

JAMES R. SCHEIB                               WILLIAM F. TURNER
Intelligence Research Specialist              Major, USAF
                                               Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

                                               WILBER PRICE, JR.
                                               Chief, Photo Exploitation Division


- page 17 -

Report Project
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

Enclosed you shall find a picture of
a 2 1/2 x 3 1/2 inches, slightly blurred
blips for all some slight details
hold to scale. I assure you it is not
a faked photo, plane flying at
approximately 1,000 feet above New Jersey at 1.0
(for any additional information
on which it you locate you will send
on the back)

Sincerely yours,

P.S. I had a witness who can work.
P.S.S. If you wish to keep this picture will you
please send me a copy.


- page 18 -

Here is the text I can discern from the image:

1) Spotted ball in my back yard on 4/13/67
2) My address [redacted/blacked out]

The rest of the document appears to be mostly blank white space with a vertical line on the left side of the page.


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
15 APRIL 1967
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 2:4 30
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
PET LINCT    CARTERET    N.J.
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
6     
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Just Passing Thru for while getting CAMERA

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ✓   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
a. Bright ✓
b. Cloudy

NIGHT
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember


- page 20 -

