PROJECT 10573 RECORD

1. DATE, TIME GROUP
18 Jan 67, 1100Z

2. LOCATION
Mount Carmel, Pennsylvania

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
None recorded

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Hovering

8. PHOTOS
[x] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[x] No

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

FORM
FTDP 6-0527 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality and low contrast of the scanned document. There are some faint markings and lines visible, but no clear, readable text can be discerned from this image.

The image appears to be a black and white scanned document with a grainy, speckled texture that obscures most details. There is a thin tree or branch visible on the right side of the image, and some horizontal and vertical lines or creases are present, but the overall content is not clear.


- page 2 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality and graininess of the scanned document. I can make out some faint text at the bottom of the page, but it is too blurry to confidently transcribe. The image appears to be a black and white document page with significant noise and low contrast.


- page 3 -

The image appears to be a very low-quality, grainy black and white document page. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor scan quality and heavy noise/graininess. I cannot confidently read any specific text on this page.

The page seems to be part of an old document, with some tree-like or branch-like shapes visible at the top of the image, but the details are extremely difficult to discern.


- page 4 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEN/UFO                                                   9 February 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 16 Jan 67

TO: [Redacted]
      Mount Carmel, Pennsylvania 17851

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems                1 Atch
                                                     FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Sirs Gentile men,

I am inquiring on my kind of sighting
or action on U.F.O. is that so
given out to the public

Your Unidentified Flying Object
sighted in said Valley

This has been a Unidentified Flying
Object sighting in the area of said Valley
it as unlike of shape when, Seemingly has
this shape not pending January 17, 1967.
This was of course while flying up to a
considerable success flight with lights and
our strange outstanding out of the
line. This was at 6:00 pm E.S.T. traveling thousand
the west. As said by a long the
time will take this promise over, move new-
ing of tracks also I this write.

Traveling as they if they were along
the mountain as if it was called
describe with all to it as he write.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

will first appeared as Aug 4 to
all conditions on the spot apparently
time were close definition. The
top of what appeared it to be a
were a large dome-like surface several
times device one of which was
lighter than the other and I could
make out a meeting. On the scene
making the stand. The time
of the occurrence from a point
he said: No question about it
of the location on the top of the
structure was what seemed to be the
at a point for a or at the west
side. The device in an area
around it. The small light of blue-
ish color moving out of it and
de located in the light of it and
and disappeared another
structure.

[Last line partially illegible: "We did not see no more success of getting"]

The text appears to be a handwritten document describing some kind of unidentified aerial observation, with details about a device or object with multiple light sources.


- page 7 -

Text found on the document:

Mount Carmel, Pa.
1780

There is also a blurry horizontal shape/object at the top of the page, which appears to be a dark elongated form with a lighter area in the middle.


- page 8 -

Case includes plt(6) 8"x10" photographs
and one (1) 4"x 5" negative.


- page 9 -

The image appears to be a very low-quality, grainy black and white scanned document. Most of the text is illegible due to the poor scan quality and heavy noise/graininess across the entire page. I cannot confidently read any text from this image.


- page 10 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be extremely low quality and grainy. While it seems to be a black and white photograph of what might be a landscape or wooded area, the text is completely illegible. No readable text can be extracted from this image.


- page 11 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality and heavy graininess of the scanned document. I can make out some faint lines and shapes, but no clear text is readable. The image appears to be a black and white document page with significant noise and degradation.


- page 12 -

