The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a government investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs) conducted by the United States Air Force.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 27 Feb 67 - 23/02232
2. LOCATION: Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
10. CONCLUSION: Other (Conflicting data)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observers watched a blue-white colored object with a rotating red light in the southern sky. Another part of the report indicates that the object came from the S. The light followed a zig-zag course and then hovered. It disappeared after a short time. The initial report indicates the object was two white lights which fused into one larger ball of light which passed into one larger ball of light which passed into one later ball of light. The witness said the object was moving towards the NE. In another part of the report, the witness said that the object was moving to the SE. The witness was not certain of the original position that it was first seen.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a handwritten document that looks like part of a Project Blue Book report. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Sightseight Air Sgt Report
Darby Officia.ce called at approx 9:30 2/5/67

Report augmanted by a girl at 9:08pm

Subject: Unident. Dornitory
a. Chesterfield St.
b. Miller of Vermon.
- 12 Corliss: 2-1901 19i67

Object was originally from 3to move suddenly disappeer. eyed within 12 secs. As it moved it was observed to be round, slightly glowing, and it had no sound., moved horisontally across the sky. It did not give the iimpmession of a conventional aircraft, however it was unable to be identified. The object reappeared after a moment or two and then moved back across the sky in the same direction and disappeared.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a handwritten document, likely a Project Blue Book UFO report.

A partial OCR of the text in the document is as follows:

"A triangular object with a white light at the edge of an object and slowly moved across the sky."
"Projectile glow spotted when about to disappear moving in a straight direction at a rapid rate and climbed at a steep angle very rapidly then disappeared."
"The object was observed in the sky for approximately 1-1/2 minutes over Monument Road, Derry, Clark called."

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation on 27 February 1967.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO TDSAT/UFO
ATTN OF: 2 March 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 27 Feb 67

TO: Miss Marjorie Minner
School of Nursing
University of Pennsylvania Hospital
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire for the witness to fill out regarding their UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that you answer the personal information as that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
Day:
Month:
Year:
2. Time of Day:
Hour:
Minutes: 
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving, b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Street Address:
City or Town:
State & County:
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours:
Minutes: 
Seconds:
a. Certain, b. Fairly certain, c. Not very sure, d. Just a guess
5.1 How was the size in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes:
No:
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Night b. Bright
c. Clear d. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you, b. To back of you, c. To your right, d. To your left, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only a document with text and form-like fields to be filled out. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Fewer
c. Brighter
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. Full moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor-like
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One for each question)
a. Fuzzy or indistinct
b. Sharply outlined
c. Like a bright star
d. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke?  Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with a series of questions and space for handwritten responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes / No / Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound, b. Color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and see how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, what would the match have covered?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The text on the document is a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object. The questionnaire covers details such as the speed, distance, location, and observation methods used by the witness. There are no human faces or identities visible in the image.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): 
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  c. East  e. South  g. West
b. Northeast  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses  Yes No  e. Binoculars  Yes No
b. Sunglasses  Yes No  f. Telescope  Yes No
c. Window glass  Yes No  g. Theodolite  Yes No
d. Window glass  Yes No  h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with various illustrations and instructions.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribed text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
My name and address are as follows: Ps J.C. Romig, 1138 Logan Way, Bristol, Pennsylvania. I have seen an object similar to this several times, about 15-20 years ago, while living in the country north of Doylestown, Pennsylvania. The object(s) appeared to be hovering or possibly moving very slowly and silently. They were visible for a period of time on each occasion.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE [redacted] SEX [redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
I have been greatly interested in and observed unidentified objects in the sky for many years, both in the country and city areas. I have seen several objects that were clearly not conventional aircraft, moving silently and in an unusual manner. I am very familiar with conventional aircraft and these were definitely something else.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
9 May 1967, Air Force Center

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a document with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
- Day: 
- Month: 
- Year:

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting. 

The entire visible text on the page is:
"34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting. 
The entire sighting lasted about 1/2 hour. Based on past experience in observing aircraft of all sorts I do not believe this object to be a conventional aircraft. It did not have the outline or projected illumination of any military or commercial aircraft I have seen. The speed of angular movement across the sky was definitely greater than any aircraft I have observed. Its trajectory was essentially from west to east. but did not follow a simple straight line path but rather an erratic course with sudden changes in direction and velocity. The illumination appeared as a steady glow not at all like flashing lights of aircraft. The entire sighting was observed from my home located at 5201 Derry Street, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 19124."

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF: TDDT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation - 27 Feb 67

TO: Miss **********
School of Nursing
University of Pennsylvania Hospital
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19104

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have received is not sufficient for a definitive evaluation. Please complete the attached OD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
OD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 12 -

