The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report document related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document provides information about an observation event that occurred on 17-18 Jan 67 in Frankfort, Kentucky. The text on the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10573 RECORD
DATE - TIME GROUP 17-18 JAN 67
LOCATION Frankfort, Kentucky
WITNESSES 3
SOURCE Civilian
NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1 
SHAPE/SIZE/COLOR Saucer, 8-10 feet diameter, yellow-green
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 1.3 hours
TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground visual
COURSE Various, objects moved up and down, side to side
SPEED 6-10 TO 15-20 mph
PHOTOS None
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE None
CONCLUSION A Astro(?) event, Explanation

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS 
Observer watched various objects in the sky. The object clearly pulsated on and off. The colors were red, yellow, green and a combination of the three. He definitel y believes that it was not an aircraft. Objects moved up and down and side to side many times in the past three days. There was a power failure in the area on 16 Jan 67.
The description is consistent with that of an astronomical observation.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be associated with any data nor will your name be used in any public or private report that may arise from this investigation. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? - 17 Day 19 Month 1967 Year

2. Time of day: 2:30 Hours 30 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? - Frankfort, Kentucky (Franklin Co.)

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) - Uncertain: a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? - Guessing

5.2 Was object in sight continuous? - Yes No X

6. What was the condition of the sky? - DAY: a. Clear b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy Not bright, but dark; Not cloudy, however.

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right of you c. In back of you d. Overhead e. To your left f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 52 164 This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember  

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Consider it brightness to some common object: As bright as running lights on aircraft.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) Fuzzy or blurred, Sharply outlined, Other, Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Approach you? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Hover, then dart off in one direction? Yes No Don't know  
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flare up? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

The image appears to contain a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects. The document does not contain any photographs, but rather consists of text and questions related to an observed object.

OCR Output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were catching it? If so, how?
Yes - Behind a tree in the yard; I did not see it again, but I came inside to get my husband to look at it. When we came back, it was not there.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what:
(If moved behind): A tree.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
(In front of):

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None 
b. Color - 12 red blinking lights and three panels of yellowish light.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Held a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered?
A match head would have covered approximately 10 per cent of the object.

19. Draw a picture which will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[The space for the drawing is left blank in the scanned image.]

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document containing a questionnaire with multiple-choice and short answer questions.

TRANSCRIPTION:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 75 - 100 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. In a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ___________ 

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________ 

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. Southeast e. Southwest f. Northwest g. West h. Northeast

24.2 How fast were you moving? __ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sunglasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other ___________ 

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. A light, 2+ pointed on both ends.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only illustrations. The illustration shows a sketch with an angular object above the horizon, and a compass rose diagram.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on the "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place on the "A" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph in this image. It seems to be a page from a UFO sighting report form from Project Blue Book.

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
On January 17, 1967, (in direction of ANDOVER, OH) our January 17, (Casselberry, Florida) On January 17, 1967, (in direction of CASSELBERRY, FLORIDA).

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street Frankfort City State KY Zip 40601
TELEPHONE NUMBER 
AGE 26 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
Reasonably familiar with light patterns on night-flying aircraft.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day 17 Month January Year 1967

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Output of the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:        3        March        1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a descriptive explanation of your sighting.

An object similar to the one described in this questionnaire was sighted on 7/30/66 at 10:30 PM EDT west to east over the area end of Frankfort, Kentucky. It appeared circular in shape and exhibited a brilliant white light. Witnesses estimated its size as 1,200 - 3,000 feet. It moved at a slow speed and in an erratic manner. Witnesses who observed it were in an automobile and stopped their car to observe the object. It remained in sight for about 10 minutes, but it appeared to be moving very high. It got smaller and disappeared. I can find no other details except that it appeared to be closer than my husband estimated (I would guess it would be between 1,000 and 1,500 feet) . The sighting area has been used for many years by the US Army and USAF as a research and training site. Details are sketchy, but the object was most unusual. I cannot give any other information as to its identity.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

File with case
SAT-CIMO/Mrs Casselup/10/19/57 15 FEB 57

FEB 28 1957

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

Your letter of January 26, 1957 concerning several unidentified flying objects (UFO) sightings by your husband and other individuals was referred to this office. 

This office has received several reports of a blue-green cloud on the morning of January 15, 1957. These other reports were from Georgia, Tennessee, and other individuals. A thorough investigation into the matter was conducted and the report indicates that the sightings were apparently the result of a meteor that exploded over Georgia at that time. A two stage missile trail launched at approximately 5:43 a.m. CST January 15. At an altitude of approximately 90 miles, the ballistic missile was ejected. This produced an enormous amount of ionized gas that was visible for a considerable distance.

The military and scientific information critics at Eglin informed this office that the trail of the earth's magnetic field and was visible for approximately 30 minutes.

The description in the news clipping you provided is quite similar to the reports concerning the January 15 early morning observation. Upper atmospheric research studies have shown this type of tyre atmospheric phenomenon for numerous UFO observations.

As for the other sightings, I can offer no comments without additional information. If you have any additional information that would complete the enclosed FID Form 126 on your successive night observations, an evaluation will be attempted.

Sincerely,
[redacted]
GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Frankfort, Kentucky 40601

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a form titled "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION". The form appears to be part of a Project Blue Book report and contains various questions about a UFO sighting, including the date, time, location, and details about the sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information only if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 15 Jan 67
2. Time of day: 7:55 Hours (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near Oak Grove USAFEADC, Lawrenceburg, Kentucky (Anderson Co.)
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3-5 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? By difficulties on succeeding dates
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes _X_ No
6. What was the condition of the sky? NIGHT Either bright nor cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 44 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 10 -

Based on the image, there does not appear to be any photograph present. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book report form containing text and checkboxes for responses to various questions about the observed object and weather conditions.

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered or broken clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Slightly dimmer than the red flashing beacons at the same time.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Other: No outline of the object was visible, but the light emitted was centered.

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?   Yes  No  Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   Yes  No  Don't know
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes  No  Don't know 
d. Pulsate or flash?  Yes  No  Don't know
e. Change brightness?   Yes  No  Don't know
f. Change shape?   Yes  No  Don't know
g. Flash or flicker?   Yes  No  Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?   Yes  No  Don't know

- page 11 -

There is no visible photograph in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned document, specifically a Project Blue Book report from Frankfort, Kentucky dated January 25, 1967.

Text extracted from the document:

Frankfort, Kentucky
January 25, 1967

PHYSICAL SCIENCE DIVISION
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE BASE
Dayton, Ohio 45433

Gentlemen:

On the evening of January 13, 1967, I telephoned your office regarding several strange-looking objects on three occasions viewed from my home (January 13, 14, and 15), near the Kentucky Utilities Power Plant, located between Lawrenceburg and Frankfort.

Because of my curiosity about the objects' proximity to the power plant, I have since tried to determine more of their characteristics, and discovered that the object I saw hovering was located exactly one-tenth of a mile from the power plant, as calculated from the distance I was located at that point.

You will notice in the closing I am enclosing (from the January 26, 1967, letter) that objects similar to the ones I witnessed were reported on the same evening in the same general area.

Several other reports, similar to the one I am enclosing, have come to my attention, and some of those reports indicate the same type of object I watched near the power plant.

The similarity of all of these accounts is striking. I think, and I felt that your strange report is worthy of additional investigation. Perhaps it will be of some help in the study being made concerning UFOs.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
It suddenly sped off, climbing gradually but rapidly, until it was beyond our visual range.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No sound
b. Color - The only visible part consisted of two red and two yellow lights.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and tell how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time, how large did the object appear?
Assuming an outline from the arrangement of lights, the object appeared to be the size of a compact car.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
[No drawing/sketch is present in the image.]

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

The text output from the OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 100 yards to our left and 150-175 feet up.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 35 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No e. Telescope Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Threodlite Yes No 
c. Windows Yes No g. Other Also with car window down.
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
The apparent size of four lights reminicid us instantly of a water tower with a light placed at each corner.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that includes various sketches and instructions for describing UFO sightings.

Project Blue Book Text Output:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 15 -

This image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The page includes a form that appears to be gathering information about a reported UFO sighting.

Output of the text found in the document:

20. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
On January 16, 1967, (2:30 a.m. EST) in Frankfort, Ky., over the residence of Anderison Co. (later located at 1430 p.m.) appeared a general description of circular light.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Gerald L. Gresham (Husband)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted] - [redacted] [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Street, Frankfort, Kentucky 40601
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 29 SEX F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
I am responsible for filing this report as directed after seeing an unexplained light in sky on the above date. Witness with converstional airpower living at same address.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day January Month 1967 Year In an oral report to the Kentucky Technical Division of Wright-Patterson AFB, I reported this incident.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, likely an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

My duty as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system is to produce the text found in the document. Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3 March 1967.

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire is a narrative explanation of your sighting.

My husband and I were in the area of the sighting described herein. We had been to church that morning. Upon returning home, we noticed some unusual-acting lights for almost two hours. These lights appeared to be hovering, and I watched some unusual-acting lights for almost an hour and a half, beginning January 13, 1967, upon studying detailed maps of the county in which we were located, I could find no large population areas that might have accounted for the lights. We were in an area south of Frankfort, Kentucky, which is approximately 15 miles from Frankfort. As we watched the lights, we also observed subsequently that the lights appeared to move independently of one another in a manner that was unusual, and they appeared to be some distance apart, (a distance of approximately ten miles), which gave us a good idea of the size of the area covered. For this reason, my husband and I drove to that area. It was at this time that we were amazed to see not only the light on the tower but the peculiar arrangement of lights described in this report.

These lights were above and beyond 100 yards or so from the highway. We continued watching for some time, then some of the lights went out or moved down toward the highway at about road level. At this point, we pulled into a driveway or some type of road to park, and some lights which had been moving in various directions arranged themselves in a formation, as if in a pattern. While waiting for an on-coming car to pass, the lights moved out of sight. We remained in this area for some time hoping to see the lights again, but they did not reappear.

I might add that we do not know the area and had not been looking for some sightings. The object would most likely have gone unnoticed but for the peculiar arrangement of lights which caught our attention. Just as we were about to leave, one light, which we had not noticed before, went out of sight. I noticed that the other lights moved in a diagonal line, rather than two under the other two, as they were when we first saw them.

I might add that we do not know the area and had not been looking for some sightings. The object would most likely have gone unnoticed but for the peculiar arrangement of lights which caught our attention. Just as we were about to leave, one light, which we had not noticed before, went out of sight. I noticed that the other lights moved in a diagonal line, rather than two under the other two, as they were when we first saw them.

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information form used for collecting information about a sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please answer as many questions as you can and return this information so that it can be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, articles, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
2. Time of day: 1:30 - Hour, 15 - Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? FRANKFORT, KENTUCKY
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration): 3 - Hours, 00 - Minutes, 00 - Seconds
5.1 How was the time in sight determined?: c. Certainly, d. Just a guess
5.2 Was the object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? b. Partly cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): b. In back of you

- page 18 -

There is no photograph or image present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a questionnaire or form used to collect information about a reported UFO sighting.

B. IF you saw the object of NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Thin clouds d. Thick, heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Heavy rain or snowstorm d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: "Brighter & higher & redder than big stars" 

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Like a bright star c. Sharply outlined d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or change direction at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke/trail? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Disappeared 3 to 6 seconds at a time

Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes [X] No [ ] Don't Know [ ] If you answered YES, then tell what:
Appeared to go to behind an object on the horizon

Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Yes [X] No [ ] Don't Know [ ] If you answered YES, then tell what:
Appeared to come out from behind an object on the horizon

Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Dark with points of light on the sides, greyish white in color

We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered?
Roughly 1/8 inch of match stick

Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please do not reproduce the details of any copyrighted artwork in your sketch.
None - simple, unexplained lights, no definite shape or form

- page 20 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. 

The text from the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No very fast

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 3 to 5 miles
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? less than 10 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside

24. IF we were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? Approximately 60 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Wind-shield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Telescope Yes No
f. Theodolite Yes No
g. Other Ordinary glare

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
similar to tower with red flashing light except it moved very rapidly

- page 21 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch showing the details of a UFO sighting. The sketch includes a curved horizon line, a compass rose, and instructions for the observer to mark the position of the object on the horizon and how it moved over time.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 700 - Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book report. The image shows a form with various questions and handwritten responses.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
17 July 1963 around Danburyh New Hampshire Saw same object before

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
Yes
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted] 
AGE 22
SEX Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
Have seen object more than once in different parts of Massachusetts, NY, &ct.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
17 January 1967
Captain [Redacted], Deputy Sheriff

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 19 January, 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or its exhaustive explanation of your sighting:

Dear Capt, 1900 EST 11/6 seen until 22:31/1967. Winchester, Montgomery County, Ky. Mc bee crossroad 0.4 miles west of Ky 60, trying to set closer to object seen moving to the northeast. Red light moving at high speed followed by 3 white lights, hovering over a light in the sky. Observed light go with sound of a loud motor for about 2 to 3 minutes, then the light went out and all was quiet. Red light was observed moving very fast, changing direction, and moving rapidly up and down. Object appeared to move at great speed and altitude. Ran toward object with flashlight but it moved rapidly and went out of sight. Extremely interesting and extremely vivid. Possibly could have been a satellite, but speed and maneuvers did not seem consistent with a satellite. No other aircraft or astronomical objects were observed in the area at the time. Possibly could have been a meteor, but speed and direction changes would not be consistent with a meteor. No sound was heard other than a loud motor-like sound when the lights were observed moving very rapidly. The incident is quite puzzling and cannot be satisfactorily explained. More details could be provided if desired.

- page 24 -

