Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
31 Jul 67

2. LOCATION
Meadow Vista, California

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
Course
Southeast

7. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.

9. CONCLUSION
Possible (SATELLITE)

10. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object appeared as a solid. Object brightness appeared to be about the same as a star. Edge of the object were run by and blurred. Object had no distinct round of its own. Color: a rusty red.

1


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFFC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation

Meadow Vista, California 95722

Reference your unidentified flying object (UFO) observation. 
Prior to reaching our final conclusion on your sighting we need 
to know the exact date. The initial report from you indicated 
that the sighting occurred on the night of 31 July 1967; however, 
the questionnaire you completed indicated another date which 
occurred on 24 July 1967. Also, was the moon visible at the time 
of your sighting? We would appreciate a note from you clarifying 
this discrepancy.

[Signature]
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
self-addressed envelope

Sorry for the delay but I received 
your questionnaire quite a while after 
I sent in my original report and 
I couldn't remember the exact date, 
The correct date is the 31st of July 1967.

PS I sent in the original 
a few days after the sighting so 
I could recall the exact date & time.


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
3½    July    1967
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 12    30
(Circle One): (A.M. or P.M.)

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? (35° Lat)    Meadow Vista    Calif.
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    Hours    30    Seconds
    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
                        d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    Guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes X    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                    NIGHT
a. Bright              a. Bright
b. Cloudy              b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 64 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 3 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
(Partially illegible handwritten text)

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: (blank)

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   (No)   Don't know
Yes   (No)   Don't know
Yes   (No)   Don't know
Yes   (No)   Don't know
Yes   (No)   Don't know
Yes   (No)   Don't know
Yes   (No)   Don't know
Yes   (No)   Don't know

Page 2 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Gradually moved out of sight near the Southern horizon

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound     None
b. Color     Metallic, red color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick of arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
All   14   yds   Smaller

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an irregular oval/circular shape with the note "not quite a circle"]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?    14-25 100 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    [No response]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?    23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building                                a. In the business section of a city?
b. In a car                                        b. In the residential section of a city?
c. Outdoors                                        c. In open countryside?
d. In an airplane (type)                           d. Near an airfield?
e. At sea                                          e. Flying over a city?
f. Other                                           f. Flying over open country?
                                                    g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)    a. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?    miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes   No    e. Binoculars    Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No    f. Telescope     Yes   No
c. Windshield    Yes   No    g. Theodolite    Yes   No
d. Window glass  Yes   No    h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text in section 26 is partially illegible]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you lost saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you lost saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A [hand-drawn wavy line with text "Joey seeing"]

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Meadow Vista

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS Meadow Vista, Calif.
TELEPHONE NUM AGE SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I have a history of witnessing the unknown during the day.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially illegible text in this section]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 25 August 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The object was quite high so I could not figure the shape or size. I did not notice the object until it was quite far the horizon point through my eye.


- page 9 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

1 Aug 67

Meadow Vista, California 95722

AUG 21 1967

1 Atch
164

There is also a small hand-drawn rocket or missile sketch on the page.


- page 10 -

