There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically case number 10073 from Wheatridge, Colorado.

The text in the document reads as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 27 FEB 67 23/0552
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 4 - 5 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: G-round-Visual (CV)
7. COURSE: Easterly direction, in level flight.
8. PHOTOS: No
9. VISUAL EVIDENCE: Yes, 2 Yes
10. CONCLUSION: AIRCRAFT
No data presented to indicate object could not have been an aircraft.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object appeared long and narrow. White outline. Two flashing lights in center. Long row of windows appeared longer than considered jet airliners, but without wings. Straight easterly direction, in level flight. Sighted object 4-5 minutes.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

TECHNICAL AIR TRAINING CENTER (ATC) UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE, COLORADO

REPLY TO ATTN OF: ATC/OI

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO:

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information will be filled in and then forwarded immediately to Plans/Program attention ITEM:

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape: Long and Narrow
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: smaller than, larger than, about the same as): basketball, basketball, beach ball, baseball 
(3) Color: White (outline)
(4) Number: One
(5) Formation, if more than one: Two (Flashing and Lights on both ends, oscillating large while light in center)
(6) Any discernible features or details: Two Flashing end lights on center

(7) Trail, rail, or exhaust, including size or same compared to size of object(s): None

(8) Sound: If heard, describe sound: None

(9) Other particular or unusual features: Long row of windows appeared longer than commercial jet airliner, but without wings.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Casual planes out of the window (upper floor)
Approx 500° above ground
Level flight
Straight westerly direction, level flight
Gradually southerly direction behind houses
8-9 minutes (1 minute on scope)

Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, ground-electronic, air electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar.)
Customers as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) used and description thereof.
If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.
Zulu time-date-group of sighting: 23/05335 Feb 67

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual elements. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

INSTRUCTIONS: (2) Light, color, duration, (Use one of the following words: bright, steady, flashing, pulsing, flickering, changing color, etc.)

a. Location of Observer(s): Precise latitude and longitude of each observer, if known, should also be given in addition to reports, such as "2 mi. N of Denver", etc.

b. Directions of Object(s) from Observer(s): Azimuth and elevation of each object, if known, should be given. This information is extremely important as it is often difficult or impossible to transmit messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

SAMPLE: 89 USA, 192 NZL for 39 USE, 102 NZT.

2-3 N 84 W LONGITUDE ASSESSMENT PARK AND SHOWING CENTER, IN WHEATRIDGE, COLO.

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):

(1) Civilian - Name, sex, mailing address, occupation, date of birth (for statistical purposes only).
(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimates of.

g. Weather and Winds -- Clear conditions at time and place of sighting:

(-) Observer(s) account of weather conditions. CLEAR - NO WIND

SECTION (2) - Except for reports, NO or U.S. Weather Bureau Offices or wind direction, velocity are sources for kinds & strength 6,000; 10,000; 15,000; 20,000; 25,000; 30,000; ft available.

(3) Ceiling: -

(4) Visibility: -

(5) Amount of cloud cover: -

(6) Thunderstorms in area 3rd quadrant in which located: -

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

1. Interruption of identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing Air Defense directives).

3. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting.

4. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

5. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.

HAROLD E. FISCHER, JR.
MAJOR, USAF
Chief, Operations Services Division

- page 5 -

