The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
2. LOCATION
Hobart, Indiana
10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA TO ESTABLISH DETAILS
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
CASE CARD FILED

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

The text in the document reads:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 21 May 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDT/UFO    11 May 55

SUBJECT: UFO Observation

TO: [Redacted]

Reference your unidentified observation. The information we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Please complete the attached PID Form 164 and return to this office for further processing. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

J. S.C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a typed letter.

Dear Mrs.,

I am a amateur astronomer, age 47. I am also interested in the subject of unidentified flying objects. Time and again I see stories of these saucers that interest you and I feel we could have an interesting conversation. But I do have one small reservation. I am sure that observes a good explanation about one month ago I saw thing 150 tochometer, I was 7&75 beanocular, I had it in my hand and then I saw it moving from the west to the east. it was a very clear day and then I saw it coming from the west to the east. it was a verydistinct object and no other figure showed. I don't say this because it might give the impression that I may have observed a flying saucer. It may have been some other aircraft and perhaps going on some routine flight. But suppose if it was a flying saucer. I tried to figure it out but I couldn't. At least it was no aeroplane or any other type of known aircraft we have. I was no amused because it traveled too fast and had no tail or wing structure. In fact what you think it is ,

Sincerely yours,

Robert L. Lindner

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

SAFOICC/Mrs Cassel/jad/79079/7 3
RSS4
JUN 6
Dear [redacted],
This replies to your recent correspondence regarding your unidentified observation on 1967.
We are unable to make a positive identification without more details. The description you submitted is consistent with observations of satellites; however, without an exact date and time, we do not have sufficient data for evaluation.
If in the future you observe another unidentified flying object (UFO), you should report it to the nearest military installation as soon as possible, while the details will enable them to conduct a prompt and comprehensive investigation.
Sincerely,
BARRETT E. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information
HOBART, INDIANA 46342
COORDINATION BY: SAFOI-CC

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document regarding a proposed reply to a letter from Mike Lyczany about an "unidentified observation" in mid-April 1967. The text of the document is as follows:

Proposed reply to letter from Mike Lyczany

Dear Mr. Lyczany,

This replies to your recent correspondence regarding an unidentified observation in mid-April 1967.

We are unable to make a positive identification without the exact date. The description you submitted is consistent with that of a satellite; however, without an exact date and time, we cannot make a definitive conclusion. The information will be filed as insufficient data for evaluation.

If in the future you should observe another UFO, you should report it to the nearest Air Force installation as soon as possible. This will enable them to perform a prompt and comprehensive investigation.

S. D. F. 31 May 67

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which is a United States Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any publication or publicity without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? April 12, 1967

2. Time of day: 8:12 P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Hobart, Indiana

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 minutes

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Approximately

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY
A. Bright
B. Partly Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. Behind you
c. To your right
d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a form with questions and response options related to a UFO sighting.

OCR output:

8. IF you saw the object of FLIGHT, what did you notice concerning this STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. A few c. Many e. Don't remember 
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vanished as a light d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11.1 Compass direction to suggest compass compass object

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): 1. Fuzzy or blurred 2. Like a bright star 3. Sharply outlined 4. Can't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (No) Don't know b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes (No) Don't know c. Give off smoke? (Yes) No Don't know d. Change brightness? (Yes) No Don't know e. Flash or flicker? Yes (No) Don't know f. Disappear and reappear? Yes (No) Don't know

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it?  If so, how? The object did not.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one): Yes. Don't Know. 
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one): No. Don't Know.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:  
Size: Definite  
Shape: Definite
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the much of the object is covered by the end of the match. If you had performed this, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Describe any features that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include of the shapes that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust or flame or trails outside the outline that show the direction the object was moving.

Object did not disappear, moved behind something, did not move in front of something, definite size and shape. No further description provided regarding match stick test or object features.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with various questions and fields for the observer to fill out.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? The observer circled "Yes" and estimated the speed as 2.4 times speed of jets.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? The observer circled "Yes" but did not provide an estimate.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? The observer circled "c. Outside".

23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city, b. In the residential section of a city, c. In open countryside, d. Near an airfield, e. Flying over a city, f. Flying over open country? The observer circled "c. In open countryside".

24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest. The observer circled "a. North".

24.2 How fast were you moving? The observer wrote "miles per hour".

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? The observer circled "No".

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? The observer circled "b. Sun glasses - Yes", "c. Windshield - Yes", and "g. Binoculars - Yes".

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which you placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.
The observer provided a handwritten description that is somewhat difficult to read, but appears to describe the object as bright in color, disc-shaped, and moving in an erratic manner.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document containing text and diagrams.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the sky high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the horizon where you first saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Only 1. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 11 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

TEXT FOUND IN THE DOCUMENT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date and location:
I havent seen one

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 14
SEX: MALE
I didnt and someone else saw the object with me

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: Expedtetce no Month: Expedtetce no Year: Expedtetce no

- page 12 -

