The image does not contain any photographs. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: May 67
2. LOCATION: Brockway, Pa 
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
10. CONCLUSION: Probable (SATELLITE)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Not reported
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 hour - 10 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Not reported
7. COURSE: S-N
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer stated object was like a bright star. Object moved quite rapidly. Observers stated they were sighting a satellite.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document.

May 23, 1967
Dear sir:
May 15, 1967 received information that....
Several factors including lack of additional evidence make impossible to add significance
to the witness testimony.
Indicate that facts do not warrant further investigation
The report does not warrant additional effort in view of insubstantial nature of information given....
An in-depth analysis would not provide sufficient additional data to permit a conclusive evaluation.
The information was so limited, investigation could add very little....
Therefore it is concluded that the case does not warrant further investigation and the file will be closed. The
documentation in the file is now being returned to the source.
Thank you for your cooperation at this time.
Sincerely yours,

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and reproduce all the text found in the document:

cannot catch me trying to understand and write up this object has been seen before at the same time about 9:15 pm i was coming home and heard a sharp whistling sound which seemed to be coming from the direction of the same object seen before i stopped and looked in the direction and saw a bright light in the sky which was moving very fast in a northerly direction the light was very bright but not running any flashing lights it seemed to be very high and just went on out of sight the direction it came from is the direction where the object has been seen before several times by many people i may add something occurred about 3 weeks ago at the same time of night about 9:15 pm the same bright light was seen in the same direction and it was reported by several observers in the town very unusual and hard to explain why this object or light appears at the same time also why would it keep coming back to the same spot let me know if you need any further information on this matter
Sincerely,

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text document, likely an official government report or correspondence.

Miss Turnure/SAF-OIC/76226/Oct 13, 1967

OCT 13 1967

Dear [Redacted],

This will reply to your letter of September 22, in which you requested information on your observations of an object in the sky since May, 1967.

Presently, there are over 1100 objects in orbit; over forty are visible to the naked eye.

It takes approximately ninety minutes at the minimum for satellites to make one revolution. For example, Vanguard 1 is at an approximate altitude of 2200 miles and takes about 132 minutes to make one revolution.

Satellites do not cross the same point on each revolution because the earth is rotating. The time may vary from one revolution to the next as determined by the height. For example, Echo 1 is at an approximate altitude of 1000 miles and takes about 118 minutes to make one revolution.

Satellites do not cross the same point on each revolution because the earth is rotating. The time may vary from one revolution to the next as determined by the height. For example, Echo 1 is at an approximate altitude of 1000 miles and takes about 118 minutes to make one revolution.

We feel that you have probably seen satellites.

Further satellite information can be obtained from the 1st Aerospace Squadron, Ent Air Force Base, Colorado 80912.

Sincerely,

DAVID L. STITES
Major, USAF
Acting Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 4 -

