PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
22 Apr 67   22/2320

2. LOCATION
Toms River, New Jersey

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 minute 30 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
N-S

8. PHOTOS
[X] No
[ ] Yes

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[X] No
[ ] Yes

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (SATELLITE)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
All the observer saw was a light going from N-S and on the same shade and brightness of the moon.

[Bottom of form notes: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.]


- page 1 -

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla                                       4 June 1968
Page 12

was in back of them. They say the object was moving from north to
south, yet their diagram shows the object moving from south to east.
The fact that the object had the same color as the moon, and seemed
to travel around the moon, leaves me to think that as they were
traveling (60 miles per hour) they may have come to a turn in the
road, changing the angle of the windshield to the moon, causing a
traveling reflection to be seen. Obviously, I cannot prove this,
but in view of the tremendous number of inconsistencies in the
report, the youth of the two observers, the fact that the other
four in the car did not see it, and the short duration of the sight-
ing leads me to this conclusion. However, I think insufficient and
conflicting data would be best.

28. 25 April 1967, Port Chester, New York.

Not in my current file. Apparently misplaced. Will be in Dayton.

29. 26 April 1967, Preston, Iowa.

Even though this has five witnesses, the report contains in-
sufficient information for a meaningful evaluation. Weather data
is missing and witnesses were adolescents. Case could be classified
as possible aircraft, or possible balloon, or possible unknown.

30. 29 June 1967, Scotts Plain, New Jersey.

Several attempts to get in touch with the original witnesses
have proved futile. The man, Damon Brown, truck driver, has not
telephoned listed, and I received no response to letters sent to
him. He may be an itinerant and not traceable. His passenger, Mrs.
Shirley Winn, also was not traceable. No phone listed and letter
to address listed was returned.

Yet despite this, original report stated that there were many
corroborating witnesses. Apparently the Air Force interrogator
didn't locate any of these, or give any leads as to how they might
be located.

The report has a strangeness of 2½, but relatively low reliability.
Also there is an inconsistency. The report states that the object
appeared at one time about 100 feet from the observer and at another
time the object was circling an aircraft. No time-motion sequence
established. I would recommend that in view of the fact that it was
impossible to get any additional information, the case be carried
as insufficient information, possible unknown. Yet the original
report was so bizarre and so suggestive of something strange that
there should have been immediate and comprehensive follow-up.


- page 2 -

Satellite (possible)

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFTC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO                                                   3 May 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 23 Apr 67

TO: [Redacted]
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19134

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

CEES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems                    1 Atch
                                                         FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 3 -

Dear Sir,

While riding in a car my boy friend and I saw an unusual and puzzling object in the sky. It was about 1/2 the size of a full moon and about the same color as the moon. It traveled extremely fast, was very luminous, and egg shaped with what appeared to be a slight shadow in the very center. I lost sight of it behind some trees after it made about a 160° arc and fell over the moon but then, my boy friend, right in sight for about 1 1/2 minutes about a half minute longer than me. Because he could see it through the branches. It logged about 6:30 in the evening of April 23 when we were traveling west on route 70 in Lakehurst New Jersey. There were six in the car but nobody else saw it. This is not the first time I've seen an odd sight in the sky but it is the first time I have reported an incident. I have enclosed a sketch of the craft.

Send 164


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
22 APRIL 1967
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 6 __ 28 __
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other __________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
JK CHERRY     TOMS RIVER     LAKE HURST, N.J.
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
1 __ 20 __
Hours  Minutes  Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? by fairly good guess of watch

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ✓ No ___

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright (IN THAT PART)   a. Bright
b. Cloudy              b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Translucent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

IT APPEARED SOLID OUT ALSO AS A LIGHT.

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text is partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: There was no sound at all
b. Color: The most similar to white or the moon

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? If the object would have been covered by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple oval sketch is drawn with arrows pointing to the left and right]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20: Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21: Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car - AT FIRST
c. Outdoors - THEN WAS OUT CAR
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?   60   miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other   Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
AN EGG - PAINTED THE SAME SHADE OF WHITE AS THE MOON - SMALL SIZE


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document contains a compass diagram, an angular elevation diagram, and spaces for drawing object paths and arrangements.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30: Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
LEAN
SEPTEMBER 22ND 1966 - PHILADELPHIA
NOVEMBER 3RD 1960 - PHILADELPHIA

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted text]
silent

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Partially visible: Philadelphia, PA, Zone 34, Benna]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]   AGE 44   SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I ENCLOSED IT IN QUESTION 30

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
23 [Day]   APRIL [Month]   1967 [Year]
PROJECT BLUE BOOK


- page 10 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[Note: The fields for date and the text box for additional information are blank in this image.]


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla                                     4 June 1967
Page 11

26. El Cajon, California, 19 April 1967.

We have another blind alley case here. A tossup between possible aircraft and possible unidentified, but since there is no possible way of finding out, unless we could determine whether there were 7 or 8 jets in afterburner condition up there at that specific time, the result must remain ambiguous. There were four witnesses, however, and these lights were seen in a shallow V formation. No sound was heard, and the principal witness, quite familiar with aircraft, was certain that many aircraft would have been heard. This in case in which the "possible" in the "possible aircraft" should be retained because all the evaluation can be is "possible aircraft".

It might be of interest in my discussions with Dr. Peter Millman, to whom the National Research Council of Canada has given the responsibility for handling Canadian UFOs, that he suggested to me while he was down here recently discussing the general problem with me, that in this matter of statistics, it is indeed most unfair to make a positive identification of aircraft, balloon, etc., with a probably, or especially with a possible evaluation of that type. He said that he intends to use a designation, for instance aircraft a, b, or c. Aircraft a would mean positive identification, no question whatever that was aircraft, but positive identification was not made, and aircraft c, would mean that the description of the sighting is not entirely at variance with evaluation aircraft, but that such an evaluation is very far from certain and that it could have been conceivably several other things instead. He pointed out, as any good statistician would, that one cannot and should not equate aircraft or balloon c with aircraft or balloon c. They simply are not in the same statistical universe.

27. 22 April 1967, Tom's River, New Jersey.

The evaluation here should be changed from possible satellite to insufficient and conflicting data. By own feeling on this case is that it may have been a reflection since the quite short observation was made through a windshield. Judging from the many other indications in the report, it is likely that the duration was grossly overestimated. Furthermore, four others in the car saw nothing.

Now as to the inaccuracies: the moon rose that day about 4:30 p.m., with Mars very close to the east of the moon. However, at 6:30 in the evening on that date, the sky would not yet be dark, the sun would just be setting and Mars would not yet be visible. However, at that time, the moon was in the southeastern part of the sky. The boys indicated that they were traveling west, yet they say that the sun


- page 12 -

