PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: Feb 67
2. LOCATION: Schenectady, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: To the NE
8. PHOTOS: Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Insufficient data for evaluation

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object had a dome at the top and a round light in the front. The light changed from reddish orange then to green. The observer stated that the object hovered, swooped down behind trees, and zoomed away. Without date and detailed flight characteristics a meaningful evaluation is not possible.

1 witness


- page 1 -

Sunday May 7th, 1967
Schenectady, New York

Project Blue Book Information Office
Safoi
Washington, D.C.

Dear Project Blue Book:

I recently wrote to you for Information on Unidentified Flying Objects. Don't get me wrong I got the information but enclosed in one of your books-let's was the thing, that people whom they see such things, fill out and send back. I wasn't sure it was official but I filled it out and returned it.

But I received no more information besides the fact there is much more to the story. You already know I spotted a flying saucer but that isn't all. I was so sure it was a comet, meteor, etc. that I (just for fun) I waved at it with my whole arm. Well there must have been some sort of window in it with some one in it looking out, because the minute I started waving it stopped and hovered. Then it continued on it's path. I ran inside and got my camera to photograph it but I was so scared (as I've never seen such a thing) I ran inside, locked the door, and didn't exit until late the next morning.

I really couldn't get a good clear picture of it because of the flashing and pulsating lights. I wasn't even sure it existed but now I am. The other night I was just ready to go to bed when I thought I would retrace my telescope and take a look at the stars. I took a peak through the blinds to see what to focus it on when I saw something. I couldn't even see it but I saw the lights that were attached and the seemed to be attached to something square shaped. I'd say it was airplane lights but they formed a square and it went much too fast. This was the third time I saw such a thing and you ought to do a little more about these things than receive reports.

People like me all over the world are scared stiff. I get the feeling they're following me and believe me it's not funny to be in our shoes. Yes our don't read this and say I'm a nut. WAKE UP, the world may be in a state of danger. One man (Martell) has already been killed it could be that if you don't do something many more could die. Please send me more information. At least can say one thing your organization is trying I'm sure you'll not let this the world end.

Sincerely Yours,
[Signature redacted]


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
MONDAY FEB. 14 1967
Day     Month     Year

2. Time of day: 9     10
           Hour    Minutes
(Circle One):  A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern     (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Central                   b. Standard
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted/Blacked out Nearest Postal Address]     Schenectady, N.Y.
                                                City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)   0     3     0
                                   Hours   Minutes   Seconds

   a. Certain        c. Not very sure
   b. Fairly certain d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? ACCURATELY
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?  Yes     No √

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY                               NIGHT
   a. Bright                         a. Bright
   b. Cloudy                         b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you       e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

FTD FORM        Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative Reference Service
FTD 0-164 164   This form supersedes AFR 200-2, 1 Jul 61, which is obsolete.     May 1965


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. (Gazed)
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ______

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ______

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - NONE
b. Color - REDDISH ORANGE THEN TO GREEN

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of what would have been covered by the match head?
1/4

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a UFO with labels "DOME AT TOP" and "ROUND LIGHT" with an arrow indicating direction of movement]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest
                                      g. West
                                      h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No    e. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses    Yes   No    f. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield     Yes   No    g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No    h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object near which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

FOOT BALL WITH A DOME SUED ON


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A
TREES

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Were you alone or with someone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

City: SCHDY   State: N.Y.   Zone: 8
AGE: 12   SEX: MALE

34. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    (Blank spaces for Day, Month, Year)

The rest of the personal information fields are redacted/blacked out.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   THURS. APRIL 1967
                                              Day    Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

WHAT    I SAW HOVERED, SWOOPED
DOWN    BEHIND TREES, AND ZOOMED
AWAY.   I WILL NOT MIND IF YOU
PUBLICIZE MY NAME OR ASK THAT
I   MAKE A STATEMENT. BUT I DID
SEE SOMETHING AND I AM NOT
A   NUT.


- page 9 -

Proposed reply to letter from John Souch, 7 May 1967

Dear

This replies to your recent correspondence concerning your observation of an unidentified flying object. Without an exact date or comment concerning the flight characteristics, a positive identification cannot be made. Your report will be filed for information purposes only.

The Air Force has found no tangible evidence that proves extraterrestrial vehicles exists. After investigating over 11,000 cases since 1947, there has been a total lack of evidence to substantiate the existence of extraterrestrial vehicles flying in and out of our atmosphere.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force

21 Ind 31 May 67


- page 10 -

