Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
   Sep 1967

2. LOCATION
   Houtzdale, Pennsylvania

3. SOURCE
   Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
   2

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
   unknown

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
   Ground Visual

7. COURSE
   South

8. PHOTOS
   [] Yes
   [X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
   [] Yes
   [X] No

10. CONCLUSION
    Probable (SATELLITE)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
    SEE CASE FILE

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(first line appears partially cut off, starts with "side of" with a note "(Hornsburg)")

just taking out my camera and had to settle first.

taking pictures of the store was a simple airplane
of bare night-time out my camera but didn't want to
follow back got to are now it came out, I forgot to pick
small button and tone film trying to rewind then opened
camera and exposed it to light.

Strived to change film which is only second one
I put in this camera and exposed camera and had to
rewind fully rewound as well came then if phone
only picture of second direction UFO.

The UFO frame I completed should have been dated for
June 16 th. detailed with state police.

You would be surprised how many have been there.

here
just out of a clear sky, I say, "how you seen
my flying saucer."

in town I have been told they are now spin on top
one way on the bottom another, I give shapes, silver
ball, red ball of fire.

normal width a silver ball going over in daylight at
Paxinville.

They were seen over Clearfield, Pennsylvania.

One sign shaped with lighted windows was seen
at dinner-time at 4:00 AM one morning.
in Philadelphia and we now see many saucer
coming out blocked out the country.

a state policeman stepped much side of Hornsburg.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

211

and it asked him if he had seen many flying saucers and
he said, "Practically none. I saw a flying saucer but I saw
a flying object."

I said, "We do not have them as I read in the hometown
they are moving and from outer space."

He said, "Don't worry about nothing than we flying we
the d---- fast and if we walked them Russia would
stay off our backs."

a lady in Clearfield told me her sister saw one,
a man I knew from near Jersey who told me they
were somewhere Clearfield after I asked if he had seen
any in near Jersey.

"If the picture was not still give something went over
this morning anyway.

Unless they maneuver you can tell them from
a satellite except they can go slower than a satellite
or twice as fast.

I never saw satellites come over from that direction
to Clearfield than the see of my camera would work
if not still try getting a telescope here.

Thinking you.

Sincerely yours,

[A black redacted line at the bottom of the page]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

September 28th, 1967

Department of the Air Force
Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFRC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Sir:

Confirm the enclosed page of your letter U.S. gang from
8 east the meet and another two at the east by east, north, north
at 912 7 PM, (using chart place 12 on enclosed chart) middle down
some quite new thing with playing digital and possibly the
one near our Bloomery, Pennsylvania.

I have eighteen pictures and only four turned out, likely
description of these the 8 east two met flights
bright stream next                                   Two BRIGHT STARS

SPACE
BETWEEN

In the space between,
I got the two stars and the object next of
these                 object                         STARS

I got the object by itself in the space

[Handwritten notes on side and bottom of document, partially illegible]


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Sutton n.

I want once before it passed. the bright star in west which has been most any night

night star

night

About what one of clock passed, this was to show that it was an indication of flight so you could trace it on a map.

I could hear the shutter open and close in the camera as I was not satisfied what could not get it stable. I went to the state police and they told me to get the film and tell them that I was sending stuff in then and would be getting it back and if there was any doubts, satisfy me to turn it into open for investigation.

I was satisfied with the picture if you find what you want in one place and some right now and you can see the bright star explained in the ground field and by only get five all right then and I saw the distance at which you can figure out about 500 miles. The plane will be bright of from the sky as explained will take

longer exposure will dilute with the noise it. I
I would ask state police to take the film to their
laboratory and get it and this is more satisfactory and
see if there will identify more to with the film
track record to be able to show that it was the


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Some plan we screen things, my name is the new
Restaurant to me. But they spend words it was a bill from
others a lot of other pictures of start here now that did not
turn out have I have a record and the direction they took
on it when at got time. (Gee and the record in log
copying it.) Then I have tried to g.t it in different
time. I started to take it. But the other plane
only seen once, I would with a string of lights he had
which is a kind of. But I got them out now to take picture
where it was some moving in the sky. That one I can only
just see going on the roof of the building then it came to
have drawn the, and to see it perhaps.

For the sky it was seen. Oh a full have big four people
and it big sagged across the sky and we it toward
the Rocky reminded me of the first one. It turned on
to space to thinking do they are big to find your
radar or exactly thinking what might be in with another
system and they gig gig not they would get hit,
of it felt to tell you best time over pillow watched
one way up in the sky and watched somewhat more
course out and you could see in.

I visited up from here from mississippi and said
have your seen any flying saucers and one with the
field I would watch what would like and he said what
over shape. I would the time and he said about
what side. December. I know this was
clear there would after about fifty people.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

P.S. Regarding that first report obtained into your own
waited whether went any probably pointed out to
me what the said was still this object and it
was held its form Google there and to see not
to be climbing to the north most like line
Colum- but since I had lost track of it
myself I did not wish to commit myself
so it stuck to just what I had seen, space
is so vast that would possibly explain
its staying in sight that being and is could
have. then you try this.

[Note: There is some text at the top of the page that appears to be partially cut off or illegible, so I did not include it in the OCR output.]

The document appears to be a handwritten letter or report, with some words and phrases that are difficult to transcribe with complete certainty.


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

7 relays reinforced
282 Color ASA 69

Houtzdale, Pennsylvania
Tuesday October 3rd, 1967

(FTD (TDET)/UFO)
Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45733

Sir;

wish to report a/c (remainder of word blacked out) UFO. my son and (blacked out) were coming down Route 53 from Houtzdale and into Osceola Curve through the Cut below Kindrick, there was a bright light crossing town in the valley. We started to move when they would stop, and when they would about (blacked out) it would start again (possibly watching their headlights) we stopped over Kovalage about halfway between Osceola and Houtzdale. Stopped again over Houtzdale then went out in the mountains by Elliott Coal Mining Company and it was bobbing up and down.

They were going to Radio the road up over the NCO by Donley Service Station to see what it was doing with the light decided against it.

They started turned my place in Osceola with the talk now so I could get a picture.


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

24

but we were in you 20 the next Rome and
tried to call me from there twice.

I was firing way up no 13 Kites on the
far side from the plane thought I looked the
plane sing a couple of times but I didn't
get to answer it.

[Redacted] called me after I got home and
finished my sleep and asked me if I had seen it
I told him I hadn't.

I asked him if he wanted fill out one of your
forms and he said he would. His address [Redacted, Houtzdale, Pennsylvania]

They told their girl friends the next night out
one said I was watching that program too and one
girl heard in space. They didn't know where to write.

This brought out another case who said he watched
them south of Houtzdale about one mile two or
three miles ago - been to have a flight pattern
through here. His name is [Redacted]
[Redacted] some neighbor I say didn't
believe him so he just watched him.

I also got another name of a lady who works
in the [Redacted] at the Philadelphia State Hospital
who saw the activity. I told her I would call her
that hospital. Her name was [Redacted]

The other lady was [Redacted] of Madera


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

311

who was a patient at the hospital at the time,
my wife is out night nurse and ask Rev. the nurse
and addresses of the two boys from mississippi
in her pocketbook. ill send those later.

I am sending the colored photo. Clara wo-project
and cards pile them out so ill just send the whole
I can't even anything on leg bending through them.

Please dimwit his a picture of the objects alone
another slight

. STAR.

. STAR.

These shows both of some haze or object
and two stars

a group of stars with lights splitting the
white from the bridgyard and they are the stars
mark the object went through that come from
west to east, or stars in the north with a
moving object going through or the stars struck
taking from the bridgyard in the south part of
sky have opening 5.6 x 30 x po

Mr 1 group pictures taken from 12 to 30
time f/stop 5.6 x 30, 15, 8, 9), 2 x po

No. 2 2 to 30 5/6 x 1 x po

I usually keep it on 1.8 x 30 x po lens 6.8
had it set for daylight and buried in sand grubble
the camera and start taking fire time and forgot
to change the lens f/stop.


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

40

I am well satisfied to have done something, 
on very nice one screen from projection,
at least I got something to show for my
efforts.

Copied
from
9:27 pm. Object going from east to west or
west to east. The single picture is definitely
displaced between the bright stars and the
bright stars in west. Bright star in west

Bright star in west                 Object

These were taken on ASA 69 color film.
Some moonlight to my left light & never went around
the tree to see if it was a 4-5 12 ft. or full moon.
I hurried about fifty feet to get into position to take
picture of the one going from west to east.

Thanking you for your cooperation
If you wish I will report all moving objects in
satellite category that I am fortunate enough to see
but I'll only take pictures off the ones that
dig jog - Bob up and down.


- page 11 -

TEST/UFO
UFO Observations & Photographs

Mr. [redacted]
Houtzdale, Pennsylvania 16651

1. Reference your latest letter of October 15, 1967 in which you enclosed two photographs and two slides of alleged unidentified flying objects (UFOs). We are returning your photographs and slides for it is useless to have a photo of a point light source analyzed since all that photo analyst personnel will be able to determine is that it is truly a photo of a point light source.

2. In order for something to be called a UFO, the observer must see details that cannot easily be explained by conventional means. Therefore, satellites, balloons, aircraft and stars cannot be called UFOs.

3. The purpose of the photograph is to show that:
a. The object really existed and/or
b. To give the physical details of the object.

4. We have previously written to you that we feel that most of your sightings are of satellites. As you describe the objects, they appear to be satellites. Therefore, they do not meet the definition of an UFO. Your photos only show that the light in the sky that you saw really exists; something which was never doubted.

5. When a person sees something in the sky that he cannot explain (a UFO) he should submit his report to the nearest Air Force installation for they are in a far better position to conduct a one-spot investigation. The nearest Air Force UFO investigator to you is:

Mr. Eugene Rehrer
Greater Pittsburg Airport
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania


- page 12 -

Your 8 close 11 time was pretty close to my time

September 1st, heard, Oakland foggy S.E. to
north west, pictures taken at end of object flight
side of office toward & with to avoid ground lights
from lights.

• digital print sometime 3:35 PM
5 STAR
5 STAR
5 STAR

• 5 STAR

Test Pictures
• digital
• 5 TAR

no pictures turned out. risk 25 color.

ROLL HIGH SPEED BLACK & WHITE 400 36 TOTAL
SENT AND, 1967 2:55 AM, BOTH FOLLOW NORTHWEST
of Bridgard 4:30 AM.

9/11/67

• STAR
• SATELLITE

9:55 PM, SOUTHWEST TO NORTHEAST


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Went took pictures of three objects in north, two stars in east, going in south. all taken to this program which way the object went passed 16 cts. that I learned in late none of the pictures turned out. lying to type-pillar.

another story I got was a boy who set his camera out for 200 nights with an open shutter and one night he caught a big object going through didn't know what it was I told him to tell the boys to turn it into the Air Force.

N

Briefly,

Smith
SATELLITE PATH

August 13th 1/6:30 PM


- page 14 -

7 SLIDES ENCLOSED
2 X 2 1/4 COLOR ASA 64

PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA

1. Type and make of camera KONICA

2. Type, focal length, and make of lens CORL MIROKU HEXANON 1:1.8 F= 52mm

3. Brand and type of film ASA 64

4. Shutter speed used 15 TO 1

5. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop 5.6

6. Filters used NONE

7. Was tripod or solid stand used NO, HELD TIGHT AGAINST LEFT SIDE OF MISE

8. Was "panning" used NO

9. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true North, and its angle with respect to the ground ABOUT 75°

10. If supplemental information is unobtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, and the smallest and largest "f" stop and shutter speed readings of the camera.

NO 1 for single picture
NO 2 for two stars and object


- page 15 -

Houtzdale, Pennsylvania
October 29th, 1967

United States Air Force
Wright - Patterson AFB, OHIO
45933

Sir;

Regarding your letter of 22 I 26, 1967,

(1) If you would of please these either it sent your an
a Camp-Typpa CZA, CZA 500 W, 660 W that you would
have gotten status and digests this could like the bottom
of an ordinary age wrote looks, no detail except to
looked a little wind our top. So over with my boy out
it both seem and I never seen anything like it before.

(2) I never followed a satellite with my eye that it wasn't
easy to follow in a study time.

(3) Should I had good eyes even though I was glasses
to read. I am for sighted and not much game in the work
except me at least seeing it.

I got our idea out of this one. If when I was lucky enough
to see our object changing direction in the sky if they
could and some of those rockets over where I work
on at Houtzdale and done a certain altitude we could
let whatever it was thrown - we are alone down here
and let them know - we meant no harm, I'm don't
mistake my bit for a flying saucer. I would like to write
outside explain that these over my head. They look


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Day

Like they explode pretty hard, know that all your
own traffic wants above a certain height for miles we
could regulate one pretty close and follow it up with
at least one that would position one and follow the lights
with it like it and we would probably find out what it
is or if you could send a vehicle out with a TV camera
on it with an explosive charge and when your control
man was convinced it was just a plain fighter not to
foster on to it and contact it and close it a 90-mile
out the plane as my flight lights off and on and then
these red lights. With the object inspected June 16th, is
just a single light.

you might be able to figure it out I could call the state
police at Philipsburg, Pennsylvania and have them
call Wallops Island and if they could sing a few
in here if I could at least give you this altitude. I could
get on the phone then run out and look and see how
close they were coming and tell them how to shoot
their next shot. There isn't much time into it or
I'm not about all satisfied you might be lucky enough
to make it. Okay if the state police would get out
there and look and try the one on the plane and
they might see it's going too and I would have extra
witnesses to back it.

If those static of tracking close to it well we watch it
close will we if it turns around and comes back with more
if you want to give me the number of your number
at Philipsburg 16 engine there in sound six have them call


- page 17 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

3.7

while. Stated pictures. I would like the have colored film
in too. He came 2.75 a call here and in Philadelphia
at time 11:37. I sent $5.00 down here to my son in
law about 3 weeks ago and he is so busy. Dictates
easy. film yet. Will have to send direct to the store I guess.
Thanking for the time and effort to send me your nice
information letter. Will probably start looking for some
of these books to read. you'll make a real flying
saucer hunter out of me.

Sincerely,

P.S. Suggest should call me and say it is South East
of Osceola mines where I work, going in such and
such a direction and they would pick me in there
approximately. Then I could call the better from there
on. I could try and get a picture of the limits and
the object. Then call again. That would be a
next step.

Or if your plane came in with his ground light on
or some distinguishing feature that someone from the
ground could notice I could direct it toward the object,
by keeping in touch with our Civ. Office there and
they could radio phone in code possibly. Would
know where our plane was and the object was up.
Could direct plane or phone toward object. Phone
others alerted around here to call me top.

Bright light seen spinning over Madera, 119 S TOB 10:00 P.M. Altitude
25,000'. Madera, Pennsylvania. Hand
noted at 10:30 P.M.


- page 18 -

6. If the local investigator cannot determine the cause of a sighting, only then is the report transmitted to the Aerial Phenomena (Project Blue Book) at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.

7. Further information on satellites can be obtained from the 1st Aerospace Squadron, Ent AFB, Colorado.

8. We sincerely hope that we have not offended you in any way by returning your photographs without having them analyzed for you. Thank you for your continued interest in the Air Force UFO program.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

2 Atchs
1. Two Polaroid Photographs
2. Two Color Slides


- page 19 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Houtzdale, Pennsylvania
October 15th, 1967

United States Air Force
FTD (TD-ET/UFO)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
459.33

Sir;

I was showing some pictures to a friend of ours last evening and found a picture I thought I had already sent you along with some that would have something on it. I could do something on the small slide viewer.

I will also enclose two other pictures, 8x10 developed off KS 135, BLACK AND WHITE FILM of the subject of this letter. I sure hope characterizing 8x8 black pictures No. 1 and 2 as a good projection on a screen. Those were going from Fruitville 6 east in northern part of sky September 26 at 6:40 PM.

I mailed the photographs if they could make slides and they said that type of film would not stand the test. If you would care to analyze the negatives, I can send them to you. I now still going to try for better pictures under different light conditions and I sure will.

I will be able to show and tell you both which way it will be.

I hope,


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

21

I just got out of the Philadelphia State Hospital after
a neck operation.

While in town COALPORT, PENNSYLVANIA, the saucer or flying object
went down. There, shown to have big another fellow who
would stand still then do it.

It also talked with one nurse and she described
these objects the same as Mr. Gussman. He later
told the owner and she said, "We heard another late
College news the next morning that they were
testing down in Virginia. So I guess that Charles
Hill type or you can find out just what they were
testing."

Thanking you,

[Signature is blacked out]


- page 21 -

TDET/UFO (Maj. Quintanilla)/7096/Jaf/13 Oct 67)

Satellite Observations

Mr. [redacted]
Houtzdale, Pa. 16651

1. Since we couldn't find any object at all on your slides because they are so undecomposed, we are returning them without any photo-analysis having been performed on them. As we stated earlier, we feel that the object you saw on 1 Sept at 3:25 A.M. and 5:10 A.M. was Echo II. There are over 1,000 objects in orbit around the earth at the moment, of which about 40 are visible to the naked eye. Not all these satellites have an easterly component either. Some are in polar orbits and some are retrograde satellites or in other words, travel from east to west. However, the majority of the satellites travel approximately from west to east.

2. Not all these satellites travel at the same speed either. For example, Echo I and Echo II are about 700 miles high and make one revolution around the earth in about 2 hours. Pageos A is about 3600 miles high and makes one revolution about every 3 hours. The higher the satellite is, the longer the time for one rotation.

3. It is also known that the human eye does not continuously follow an object as it moves across the sky, but rather jumps from spot to spot. Focusing at each spot. Because of this effect, satellites may seem to cross the sky in a sawtooth fashion.

4. Your sighting of 3 Oct 1967 was very interesting. This is the type of sighting we like to work on rather than small lights in the sky. We have determined that this sighting was of a Betium Cloud release from Wallops Island, Va. There were two cloud releases from this sight; one on the 3rd at about 7:25 P.M. and one on the 4th at about 7:30 P.M. When we receive more complete info on the release such as type of rocket used, exact time of launch, and height of release, we will send this additional info on to you.


- page 22 -

5. Enclosed is a copy of Project Blue Book and also some selected summaries of past cases.

6. If in the future you have any more sightings, the correct procedure is to contact your nearest Air Force Base as soon as possible so that a complete investigation can be made. The function of this office is to investigate really difficult cases that cannot be solved at the local level.

7. If you want to get good slides of satellites for your own enjoyment we suggest you try panning. That is a time exposure in which you move the camera so as to keep the object in the same spot in the viewfinder.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

3 Atcks
1. Project Blue Book
2. Case Summaries
3. Slides

2


- page 23 -

TDET/UFO (Maj Quintanilla)/70916/mba/26 Sep 67)
Satellite Observation, 1 Sep 67

Mr. [redacted]
Houtzdale, Pennsylvania 16651

1. Reference your recent letter of September 1, 1967. On September 1, at approximately 3:25 am, ECHO II should have been visible in the eastern sky, traveling approximately south to north. At 5:10 am ECHO II should have been visible slightly to the west of your position, again traveling from south to north. ECHO II is considerably brighter than most stars and is easily visible to the naked eye.

2. If you wish to report your observation as an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting, please complete the enclosed FTD Form 164. If you would like the Air Force to perform an analysis on your photographs, complete the attached photographic data sheet and also forward the original negatives in the self-addressed envelope. Your negatives will be returned upon completion of analysis. Thank you for bringing your observations to the Air Force's attention.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

2 Atchs
1. FTD Form 164 w/envelope
2. Photo Data Sheet

SEP 27 1967


- page 24 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

TNETUFF
Hq Quartermaster, PA. NGPA
Dept. Command of the Air Police
Headquarters Foreign Exchange Division (AFBE)
Wright - Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Sir;

If you determined me earlier upon your some UFO pictures this morning if you did not have settled here over this area at 3:35 PM, and one at 5:10 AM, 1 Sept.

First one spotted in the east right above two stone

Note:
[hand-drawn sketch with arrows]

with three stone to the north, to west to the north. One
near and stone several picture trying to include
a star in the picture so you could see that it was
moving and changing position.

The other one came over partly west, I spotted it
in the south and it also went to the north. Tried
to hurried to change film in the camera to get
several shots of it as it was closing in on a star
in the north west but I did not get the film in
in time, so went right toward the star in the
north west.

Watched and watched the sky for the last month


- page 25 -

