There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which contains a form-style document detailing a UFO sighting report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 2-28-67
2. LOCATION: Redkey, Indiana 
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visuals
7. COURSE: SW
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Aircraft (possible)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: 
Observers watched a star-like object travel across the sky and disappear in the SE. It seemed to move faster than a commercial aircraft. The description is consistent with that of an aircraft. No unusual characteristics were noted. The observers did not believe the object to be an unusual or unidentified flying object.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object(s) that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements you make unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 14 FEBRUARY 1967
2. Time of day: 1800 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? REDKEY INDIANA
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 MINUTES
5.1 How was the size determined? LOGGED AT RADIO
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No ____
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): DAY NIGHT a. Hazy b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FORM 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The page consists of a questionnaire with various questions and multiple-choice answers related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
_______________________________________

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away or at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off sparks?
e. Change brightness?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear?

The text in the document has been successfully extracted, with no additional information or commentary provided.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form for reporting UFO sightings.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, after the object got SW of the first it disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - NO SOUND b. Color - 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with the known object and tell us how much of the object is covered by the match head? ??

19. Draw a sketch that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. inside a building  
b. in a car
c. on foot
d. in an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the country-side?
d. In an open field?
e. Flying over a city? 
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES   NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No   b. Sun glasses Yes No   c. Windshield Yes No   d. Window glass Yes No   
e. Telescope Yes No   f. Theodolite Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. It reminded me of the ECHO balloon, but was much larger, lower and traveling at a much faster rate of speed.

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document. It does not contain any photographs, but rather contains illustrations and text.

The text found in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown: Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribed text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If so, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
In my opinion this object was not a UFO but something of the satellite series the next day a satellite burst up present the atmosphere and a biologic satellite also returned to earth that day.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED] REDKEY, INDIANA
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 30 
SEX: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
14 FEBRUARY 1967
INDIANA STATE POLICE GENERAL HEADQUARTERS OPERATIONS, INDIANAPOLIS, IND.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a form or document with various fields to be filled out, including "Date you completed this questionnaire:" and "Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting."

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    5    Day    March    1967    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO TDET/UFO
ATTN OF: 27 February 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 15 Feb 67

TO: Redkey, Indiana 47373

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached PID Form 164 and return it to the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANART, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
PID Form 164 w/envelope

- page 9 -

There is no photograph or image present in the provided document. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire filled out by the observer.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information be that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 19 78
2. Time of day: 6:20 - 6:22 Hours: Minutes AM or PM
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Redkey, Redkey Indiana
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Certain
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: Clear NIGHT: Clear
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): 1. In front of you 2. Behind you 3. To your left 4. To your right 5. Don't remember

- page 10 -

There is no photograph included in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object at night. The text on the page can be extracted as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Fewer
c. Many
d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight  
b. Full moonlight
c. Dim moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered - cirrus  
d. Thick - heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
c. Break up into parts or explode? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
d. Change brightness? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
e. Change shape? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
f. Move up and down? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
g. Disappear and reappear? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with various questions and answers regarding the sighting of an unidentified object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Shape b. Color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the known object and measure how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports and investigations by the United States Air Force.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?  
(Circle One) YES NO
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?  
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors (specify)
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? 
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North  e. East
b. Northeast f. Southeast
c. South  g. Southwest  
d. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   YES NO
b. Sun glasses  YES NO
c. Binoculars   YES NO
d. Window glass YES NO
e. Telescope   YES NO
f. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 13 -

The image contains two sketches. The first sketch shows a compass rose and provides instructions for the observer to imagine the point they are at and how high the object was above the horizon. The second sketch asks the observer to draw a picture that would show the motion of the object or objects, and place an "X" at the beginning of the path to show any changes in direction during the course.

The text in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) where you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which is a questionnaire filled out by an individual.

30." Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses. [redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE # [redacted]
AGE 35 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[redacted]

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire with blank spaces for the witness to fill out. The text on the page reads "34. Date you completed this questionnaire:" and "35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting." The rest of the page is blank, presumably for the witness to provide additional details about their UFO sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3-7-67
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 16 -

