There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing text describing a UFO sighting.

TEXT OUTPUT:

1. CASE 6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION

07/29/62 GROUND-VISUAL (RADAR)

3. SOURCE

MILITARY

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 

3 or Case

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION

204 min  

7. COURSE

See Case

8. PHOTOS

1. YES

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE

1. YES

10. CONCLUSION

Sighting: Other: Probable (UNKNOWN)
Radar: Other: Exact VISUAL/RADAR CORRELATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS

On Oct 6, 1962 at 2000 hours with the visual sighting, the object continued for 3/4 hour over the ocean, then departed at 2015 at an elevation of 10 to 15 degrees. The object displayed no appreciable motion. The minute-to-minute visual observations were confirmed by radar, and 1 clear radar fix placed the object at 15 miles from the observer. The radar operator stated that many small, fast-moving objects were quickly picked up and tracked.

COMMENTS: See University of Colorado Report.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically the Vandenberg Sighting Report.

Vandenberg Sighting Report
Weather
Lt. Col. Davis reported that there was an inversion layer at 1,300 to 2,200 ft. But it was generally reported that the objects were above the inversion. All observers indicated that the night was exceedingly clear. Lt. Col. Davis, a meteorologist, has prepared a detailed weather report, which is included as a part of this sighting writeup.

Evaluation and Conclusions
Radar Tests October 9th and November 8th
On October 9th, under weather conditions similar to October 6th but with more wind, more clouds, and cooler temperatures, the FPS-16 was fired up to determine if the same targets could be seen again. In fact, targets having the same general characteristics were acquired, but they were reported to be not as strong. Two other operators, working on an unofficial basis with a different radar, indicated that they observed "some of the same sort of stuff" on the evenings of the 9th and the 10th.
On November 8th, the night of our second visit, the same or similar targets were acquired on the FPS-16 and TPQ-13. The radar experts among those present (Blackmer, Brook, Collis, Herald, Lhermitte) immediately requested that printouts be obtained giving information on signal strength. This information was not available, because the operators didn't take steps to print it out, for the observations of October 6th and 9th.

Bias?
The behavior and characteristics of the targets appeared to be consistent with the hypothesis that was developed during the discussions.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Vandenberg Sighting Report

Earlier on November 3rd, namely, that most of the radar targets were in fact birds. Individual birds, having a cross section approximately equivalent to that of one quart of water, would produce signal strengths consistent with those observed. The targets observed the night of November 8th, according to calculations made by Dr. Therriault, yielded a radar cross section of approximately 10 cm2. The velocities and coherent tracks of the targets also suggested consistency with the bird hypothesis. What had apparently been overlooked initially (and for a while it fooled the experts) was that, with the fourth-power law operating, the signal strength produced by a bird close in, with radars of the great power of the FPS-16 and especially the TPQ-13, would be very large, but it would drop off extremely rapidly with increasing distance. It became apparent, from examination of the data available from the tapes and the printouts, that the high signal strengths were associated with targets at close range. No attempt was made at the time of the sightings to associate ranges and signal strengths. Had someone asked: "When you get a 30 db signal, what range do you read?" the evening would probably have had a different conclusion. Operating procedures might, in the future, very well provide, when unidentified targets causing concern, that ranges and signal strengths be related to one another.

The author is not aware of the existence of any procedure to be followed that would lead toward the prompt explanation of unidentified radar targets of an unusual nature e.g. insects, side-lobe echoes, anomalous echoes from objects on the ground, etc. In the absence of such a procedure, the operators involved in this case handled the situation reasonably, and their performance is not to be criticized.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a text-based document discussing a sighting report from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California in 1967.

Vandenberg Sighting Report
They were all extremely helpful to Colorado Project members in tracing the causes of the evening's events.
General Conclusions
This is a remarkable series of sightings, for two reasons, first, because of the extraordinarily high qualifications of the observers, and, second, because of the availability of the hard data. There is no other UFO case in the records of the Colorado Project that contains as many numbers, representing quantities like range, azimuth, elevation, and velocity. Information, from which signal strength could have been computed, would also have been available had the operators thought to print it out, but they did not. It was necessary, to relate signal strengths and ranges for these events, to go back to the tape of the conversations and dig out the reports of signal strengths, which, when assigned precise times (fortunately, the tape contained good timing references), could be compared with the printouts of range, which also included timing references. Information on the visual sightings was, except for the high credibility of the observers, the same as in other reports of UFO sightings in the Colorado files. There were no reliably measured quantitative values available from such sightings.
The detailed weather study, by Loren Crow, was not available at the time of the November trip to Vandenberg, and it was not known at that time that the weather conditions were in fact so unusual. The reader's attention is invited to Figure 4 in Crow's report, in which it is indicated that at VAFB, although return flow (that is, an on-shore breeze) at the surface was well established by the late afternoon of October 6th, flow at 2,000 ft. was still from the northeast, so that there existed a narrow tongue of warm, dry air overlying the cool, moist air. This condition persisted through the night.

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to a UFO sighting report from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California on October 7, 1967.

Vandenberg Sighting Report

Tongue of air extended southward almost to San Nicolas Island but stopped there. At San Nicolas, there was return flow on the surface and up to 3,000 ft., but easterly flow persisted above 3,000 ft. all the way to 10,000 ft. As the chart shows, there were strong gradients of moisture and temperature at both stations. Crow has pointed out that the temperature and moisture contrasts are probably greater than those shown, because the surface measurements were not made at the surface, but at some distance above the surface. One concludes, from study of the weather report, that conditions were very favorable indeed for optical mirage and scintillation and for anomalous radar propagation.

It should be noted that the event that set off the entire sequence of events was an optical sighting at 8:00 p.m. There is a strong possibility that the stimulus for this sighting was due to the running lights of a ship below the horizon, seen as a result of mirages. The conditions for such a mirage were present, but it must be pointed out that Payer and Atherton were most emphatic that the object appeared at an elevation angle of about 10°. That is too high for mirage observation of a ship's lights below the horizon. Hence, either their reports of the elevation angle are incorrect, or some other explanation must be found.

A further fact is of interest, and that is that, in the Operations Control Center on November 8th, one of the operators of a search radar indicated that he never saw any ships, that the shipping lanes were too far off the coast for ships to be seen by radar from that location, although the antenna was at an altitude of approximately 1,000 ft. He thereupon switched to his most distant range (80 miles), and immediately a sprinkling of blips appeared at extreme range. They turned out to be land-locked, confirmed by what was seen visually. Since there is no
shipping in that area, the blips must have been due to anomalous propagation.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text only.

Vandenberg Sighting Report

Reason to suppose, from a quick study of weather conditions on the night of November 8th, that anomalous propagation had anything to do with this observation of ships, it must be concluded that they could be seen any time. The only reasonable explanation, therefore, of the operator's statement that he never saw ships on the scope is that he never looked for them before. Paver and Atherton indicated that large ships were never seen visually from the coast off Lompoc, and that is undoubtedly correct, because they would be below the horizon. Computations show, however, that, with mirage conditions, the running lights of ships would be visible at the 50-mile range indicated by the radars.

If one is satisfied to overlook the inconsistent report of the elevation angle of the initial visual sighting (10 to 15") and assign its cause to optical mirage, then one can say that that is what set off the ensuing chain of events. The operators of the missile tracking radars insisted that they had never, except on one or two occasions when they were also looking for UFOs, used their radars in a search mode. On those other occasions, they had seen nothing. This time, however, and subsequently on October 9th and 10th and November 8th, they saw targets. At no time did the surveillance radars pick up unidentified targets. Because of the enormous power and concentrated beam of the tracking radars, the hypothesis that some of the objects seen were birds appears consistent with all the facts that are known. Now that the weather report is available, it also would seem highly probable that some of the radar targets seen were due to anomalous propagation. There existed strong enough gradients to produce echoes from atmospheric discontinuities, and, together with the unusual circumstances for visual observation, the conditions were present to produce what happened - a wild evening in which literally hundreds of UFOs were observed.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a Vandenberg Sighting Report.

Vandenberg Sighting Report
As Mr. [REDACTED] wrote in a letter dated November 13, 1967:
It would seem that most of the inexplicability of the events in this case (and possibly in many others) arises not from the facts themselves, U.S. Air Force, but from the associated attitudes, conditions, etc. that became attached to them when they were considered in inappropriate juxtapositions. The way in which this was done at the time underoperational pressures and even subsequently provides, in my opinion, a most important object lesson.
It does indeed! The lesson is that the flap could have been avoided: the aircraft need not have been scrambled. It is unlikely they will be again at Vandenberg under those circumstances, but it could happen someplace else - unless the Vandenberg experience is communicated, through the adoption of appropriate operating procedures or in some other manner, to other operators of powerful tracking radars.
Thanks.
Special appreciation is extended to John Payer for his assistance in arranging the meetings, discussions, and subsequent radar experiments that led to the probable solution of this case. He went out of his way to help.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a UFO report document. 

The text in the document is as follows:

THIS MSG PRIO
OCT 6 CT 67
PRIORITY
PITEZYYUW RUWJSL9312 2852215-----RUEDIF.
ZNY EEEEE
P 132314Z OCT 67
FM HQ AFWTR VAFB CALIF
TO RUMDSAV/ADZ ENT 333 COLO
RUMDSAV 27 AIRDIV ADC LUKE AFB ARIZ
RUEDIF/FTD WPAFB OHIO
RUFHQAV CSAF
RUFHQAV OSAF WASHDC
BT
UNCLAS E F T O BLUE SURF WJOOP-4 23343 OCT 1967
FOR FTD KIDDER. WJAFB OSA? AFDDC1 OSAF CSAF-OD
SUBJ: UFO REPORT
UFO. ON THE EVENING OF 6 OCT 1967, SEVERAL UFO SIGHTINGS WERE REPORTED BY CIVILIANS IN THE LOMPOC/VANDENBERG AREA. SUBJECT REPORTS WERE TELEPHONED TO THE AIR FORCE WESTERN TEST RANGE (AFWTR) RANGE OPERATIONS CONTROL CENTER (ROCC). THE ROCC DUTY OFFICER CONFIRMED VISUAL SIGHTINGS OF UFO AND DIRECTED RANGE METRIC TRACKING RADAR SYSTEMS TO ATTEMPT ACQUISITION. FPS-16, TPQ-18 AND SERLES SYSTEMS (C BAND, K SAND AND X SAND RESPECTIVELY) ACQUIRED MULTIPLE SOLID TARGETS AT VARIOUS AZIMUTHS AND ELEVATIONS.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PAGE 2 RUNUSLAGS312 UNCLASS E F T O
RAPID CHANGE IN BOTH ELEVATION AND AZIMUTH. IT WAS DETERMINED THAT
NO KNOWN AIRCRAFT FROM ANY OF THE WEST COAST MILITARY COMMANDS WERE
OPERATING IN OR ABOUT THE VANDENBERG AFB AREA. THE PACIFIC MISSILE
RANGE (PMR) WAS ASKED TO BRING ANY AVAILABLE METRIC TRACKING RADAR
TO BEAR IN THE VAF3 AREA TO CONFIRM AFxTR RADAR CONTACTS. PMR CONFIRMED

THE PRESENCE OF MULTIPLE TARGETS IN THE VAF3 AREA. THIS WAS REPORTED T 
THE ISTRAD COMMAND POST. THE 27TH AIR DIVISION OF ADC WAS ADVISED OF HE
SIGHTINGS. THE ADC SCRAMBLED A TOTAL OF 3 FLIGHTS OF 2 AIRCRAFT EACH TO
AFxTR CONTROL FOR INVESTIGATION OF CONTACTS. A COMBINATION OF METRIC
TRACKING AND SURVEILLANCE RADARS WERE USED FOR AIRCRAFT VECTORING AND
INTERCEPT. EACH FLIGHT WAS VECTORED TO NUMEROUS STRONG RADAR TARGETS.
RADAR CONTACT WAS REPORTED SEVERAL TIMES BY THE AIRCRAFT, HOWEVER
TARGETS DISAPPEARED FROM THE SCOPE WHEN APPROACHING AT CLOSE RANGE.
VISUAL REPORT WAS CALLED FROM THE AIRCRAFT OF FLIGHT NUMBER 2, BUT WAS LOST ON CLOSING. SUBSEQUENT ATTEMPTS TO REACQUIRE WERE NEGATIVE.
UFO INVESTIGATION WAS TERMINATED AT 2922 7 OCT.
THE WEATHER WAS CLEAR AND VISIBILITY AT LEAST 12 MILES FROM THE 
BEGINNING TO THE TERMINATION OF THE PERIOD IN QUESTION. INVERSION
CONDITIONS EXISTED THROUGHOUT THE PERIOD. ONE METRIC RADAR (TPQ-18)
RECORDED LONG AND SHORT PERIODS OF TRACK OVER A 3 HOUR PERIOD.

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PAGE 5 UNCLASSIFIED 
REDUCED METRIC DATA CONFIRMED TARGETS BETWEEN 33,377 AND 63,000 FEET IN ALTITUDE. ALL TARGETS WERE PREDOMINANTLY IN THE WEST TO SOUTH WEST AREA. WELL ABOVE THE INVERSION CONDITIONS WITH RANGES VARYING FROM OVERHEAD THE TP-3-I RADAR TO 63,000 FEET IN HORIZONTAL RANGE. TARGET VELOCITIES VARIED FROM 23/62 FEET/SEC.
VISUAL SIGHTINGS COULD NOT BE CORRELATED WITH RADAR TARGETS. WITH SIMILAR WEATHER CONDITIONS EXISTING ON 9 OCT, AN ATTEMPT WAS MADE TO DUPLICATE RADAR TARGET ACQUISITION EXISTING THE NIGHT OF 6 OCT 1967. THE SAME METRIC RADARS DID LOCK ON TO MULTIPLE TARGETS OF STRONG SIGNAL STRENGTH IN VARIOUS WEST QUADRANT AZIMUTHS AND ELEVATIONS. NO VISUAL SIGHTINGS WERE ATTEMPTED OR REPORTED ON 9 OCT. PRELIMINARY ANALYSIS INDICATED METRIC TRACKING RADAR DID TRACK EXCEEDINGLY STRONG TARGETS, WHICH TARGETS ARE TENTATIVELY IDENTIFIED AS POSSIBLY BEING CAUSED BY SOME KNOWN REFRACTIVE CONDITIONS. THE VISUAL SIGHTING MAY BE RELATED TO A MIRAGE EFFECT. FURTHER RADAR TESTS, IF ANY, AND A FOLLOW-ON REPORT, INCLUDING STATEMENTS OF VISUAL SIGHTINGS WILL BE FORWARD UNDER SEPARATE COVER.

- page 10 -

There does not appear to be any photograph or image in this scanned document page. The page contains only text, which appears to be a "SUMMARY OF WEATHER RELATED TO UFO SIGHTING NEAR VANDENBERG AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA" on October 6, 1967, prepared for the "UFO INVESTIGATION" by LOREN W. CROW, Certified Consulting Meteorologist, on April 24, 1968.

SUMMARY OF WEATHER RELATED TO UFO SIGHTING
NEAR VANDENBERG AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA
October 6, 1967

PREPARED FOR
UFO INVESTIGATION
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO

By
LOREN W. CROW
Certified Consulting Meteorologist
April 24, 1968
Report # 64

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document containing text describing a sighting report from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California on October 6-7, 1967.

VANDENBERG SIGHTING REPORT

LOCATION: Vandenberg Air Force Base, Lompoc, California
DATE: October 6, 1967
TIME: 8:00 PM, October 6, until approximately 2:30 AM, October 7, PDT
WITNESSES: Numerous (see body of report)
INVESTIGATORS: of report) and others (see body)

Abstract:
The October 6th events began at 8:00 PM with the visual sighting that continued for over 3/4 hour of an object over the ocean at a bearing of 290° and an elevation of 10 to 15°. The object displayed no appreciable motion. The missile-tracking radars were, at 2045, asked to go into a search mode and look for the object sighted visually. The result was that objects - many objects - were quickly picked up and tracked. There were no known aircraft in the area at this time. A series of remarkable events then ensued, of which the most important are the following:

1. Observations of radar targets continued for a period of over four hours.
2. The targets exhibited velocities of from 0 to 80 knots; some of the returns were very strong - up to 80 db at reduced instrument gain.
3. The objects characteristically, but not always, permitted radar lock-on.
4. Most of the observations were made over the sea, but there were some seen to the east and north - over the land.

- page 12 -

The provided image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Mr. Robert J. Low
Project Coordinator
Universities of Illinois
202 Woestbury Hall
University of Colorado
Boulder, Colorado 80302

Dear Bob:

The following is a summary of similar conditions surrounding the visual and radar sightings near Vandenberg AFB base between 7:50 p.m. and midnight of October 6, 1967.

SOURCES OF DATA:
Radiosonde and wind data from - 
Vandenberg Air Force Base, San Nicholas Island, San Diego
Surface weather observations surrounding the time of sightings from -
Statue Martin, Vandenberg AFB, Oxnard AFB, Pt. Mugu, Santa Barbara, Long Beach, Bakersfield, March AFB

GENERAL WEATHER SITUATION:
In a troclling sequence which moved a trough along the west coast and a low pressure center northeastward from the area of Pt. Conception, a line of high pressure formed over the Great Basin and a range of cumulonimbus clouds developed south of the Tehachapi Mountains. Movement of the system was generally southeastward from the central coast. Near the center of this activity were the stations near the coast from Santa Barbara to Long Beach. Air masses between these stations and their air flow differed substantially and would have created a varying refraction pattern as their leading edge progressed.

This over-ocean flow of warm dry air, accounting an appreciating pattern of the various constant stations, it is possible to reconstruct an approximation pattern of the ground clutter echo of the warm dry conditions.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

Text transcription:

The upper wind flow from 5000' to 7000' was still found to be generally southwesterly with speeds of 5-10 m.p.h. These upper winds blew more or less parallel to the ground at these altitudes. The lower wind flow from the surface to around 1500' was generally northwesterly during the late afternoon hours as indicated by the smoke drift from the ground and small cumulus cloud formations. Winds aloft at the higher levels did not show any marked deviation from normal for this time of year and locality.

Figure 2 shows the path of the motion during most of the afternoon hours as the horizon was scanned in a horizontal arc of about 180 degrees starting from the west and going counterclockwise past the north to the east. The motion was indicated by the witness as a high speed moving object or "machine" first noted over Long Beach, California, moving eastward, crossed the horizon in the general direction of Los Angeles in about 15 to 20 seconds.

The abnormality of the event is indicated in Figure 3 by the approximate difference in air temperature between 4:00 p.m. and 5:00 p.m. The temperature pattern shows an increase in temperature which had remained fairly constant during the late afternoon hours. This build-up of temperature and corresponding decrease in relative humidity as shown is believed to be an influencing factor in the visibility of the object described, as compared to typical weather conditions for the locality.

REFRACTION RESPONSE TO HAZE, DRY AIR
When warm, dry air is forced to move from a high mass out over cooler air, the boundary between the two air masses tends to act as a lens, refracting light in a manner that can cause distant objects to appear closer or more distant than they actually are. This effect is particularly noticeable on or near the ocean surface, where the contrast between cold ocean air and warm ground air can be quite marked. There would be another more diffuse boundary where the warm ground air is heated and mixed into the cooler upper air. These diffuse boundaries would also have a tendency to refract and distort light rays in a manner that could produce illusory effects. However, these effects would be more subtle and less extensive than the boundary effect at the ocean surface.

The Glossary of Meteorological Defines a mirage as "a refraction phenomenon in which distant objects appear distorted or displaced from their true position, often inverted, and sometimes as multiple images. Mirages are invariably associated with abnormal temperature distributions which, in turn, are associated with abnormal pressure distributions that tend to modify the normal refraction of light through the atmosphere."

The layer of warm, dry air above the cooler water from the ocean would have been sufficiently contrasting to produce a differential refraction of light waves sufficient to make distant objects appear closer than they actually were, seeming the atmosphere to be less opaque.

- page 14 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this page.

Transcribing the text from the document:

OF THE CHARACTERISTICS OF PROBABLE ATMOSPHERIC PHENOMENA AS THE CAUSE OF SOME UNIDENTIFIED SIGHTINGS 

Figure 4 contains the wind and temperature profiles for San Nicholas Island and Vandenberg AFB for October 6, 1967. At vandenberg, AFB, the wind and temperature varied respectively from 515 ft. and 605 ft., while at San Nicholas Island, the temperature remained constant at 7:30 P.M. The lowest point on the profile, except for temperature, was reported at 7:30 P.M. and gradually rose to 20 miles. Ocean water temperatures between 50° and 60° were being reported, which is considerably warmer than the air, and this condition may have produced a mirage and vibrant observations could have been correspondingly distorted in the vicinity of Vandenberg AFB. It is more certain that the air mass conditions prevailing over the water compared to that over the land could have produced anomalous propagation effects and changes with time as reported. The detailed observations are being retained in my files. Should they be of further use to you, please let me know.

Sincerely yours,
DONALD H. STEAD, Col, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

- page 15 -

The image appears to be a map or sketch showing the geographic locations of Vandenberg AFB, Sta. Maria, Sta. Barbara, and San Nicolas. There are no human faces or identifiable individuals visible in the image. 

EXTRACTED TEXT:
Forward Data:

At Vandenberg AFB, California there was an observation of a UFOB reported by Lt. Colonel George H. Garrett, Commander of the 1375th Air Transport Squadron. This object was first observed on 22 September 1967 at about 1945 hours and was followed by two other observers until the end of observation at 2000 hours. The object was described as a brilliant light, approximately 100 feet in diameter, which maneuvered in the southwest portion of the sky in relation to the Air Force Base for a total observed time of approximately 15 minutes. The object was observed to hover, make rapid straight line movements, and execute an abrupt 90 degree turn. No sound was heard in connection with the object. At the end of the observation period, the object was observed to depart rapidly to the southwest and disappear from sight. This report is forwarded for your information.

- page 16 -

The image appears to be a hand-drawn map or diagram. It shows various geographic locations, including Vandenberg AFB, Sts. Barbara, and Oxnard. There are also some symbols or annotations marked on the map, such as circles and labels. However, there does not appear to be any photographic image present in this document.

Text from the document:

70 mi. in NNW direction
Sts. Maria
Vandenberg AFB
Sts. Barbara 27 mi. in dist.
3 mi. line brs. from
Oxnard
San Nicolas

- page 17 -

The image appears to contain graphs or charts, but does not contain any photographs. 

Vandenberg AFB
OCT. 6, 1967
NORM':
Warm Air - 
Land to Ocean
Modified Air - 
Ocean to Land

Santa Barbara

Oxnard AFB

- page 18 -

The image contains a graph that appears to show temperature readings over time. The graph has a vertical axis labeled "Degrees Celsius" and a horizontal axis labeled with hours from 6 to 24. The graph appears to be a plot of temperature data, possibly related to some kind of atmospheric or climatic event.

OCR text:

Fiq. 29. October 9, 1967 were air temperature profile compared with climatic data for same date. Note modified height air 5.6 feet above ground.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a graph or chart showing various meteorological data, including wind direction, wind velocity, and relative humidity, measured at Vandenberg AFB in California on October 9, 1967.

Vandenberg AFB
San Nicholas Island
Dev Point
Velocity
Direction
Wind Velocity
0 5 10 15 20 Knots
Wind Direction
60(c) 100 200 300
Fig. 4. Profiles of Temperature, Dew Point, Relative Humidity, Wind Direction and Velocity at Vandenberg AFB and San Nicolas Island during the Afternoon of October 9, 1967.

- page 20 -

Unfortunately, there does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image shows a page from a document that appears to be a sighting report from Project Blue Book. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

Vandenberg Sighting Report

5. There were several visual sightings in addition to the initial visual sighting as 2300.

6. Three flights of fighters were dispatched by the Air Defense Command to investigate; they found nothing.

7. The radars were closed down and the exercise terminated at approximately 2:30 am at a time when targets were still being observed but remained completely unidentified.

8. The tracking radars had produced (and the results were available to us for study) numerical data on the targets including range, azimuth, elevation, and velocity, printed out at 15-second intervals.

Detailed Description of Sightings

Information Available Before Investigation
was visiting at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena on other contract business. A telephone call from the office in Boulder advised that Blue Book had notified us of a very interesting sighting at Vandenberg involving simultaneous visual and radar observations. It was reported; in addition, that in a test three nights after the sightings, made to determine whether the radars could be made to observe bogeys similar in nature to those seen the night of October 6, the radars did in fact pick up targets that looked similar. decided to extend his trip by one day and visit Lompoc on October 18. agreed to accompany him. A subsequent trip proved necessary on November 8. In reporting the circumstances of the sightings, information learned on the two trips will, in general, be reported as if accumulated at one time. This will contribute to clarity of the report.

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page of text from a UFO Project Blue Book report.

Vandenberg Sighting Report

Investigators
and made the October 13th trip. The following were present on November 9th: from Stanford Research Institute - [redacted], from New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology [redacted], from the Environmental Sciences Services Administration - Roger Lhermitte; from the UFO Project - [redacted] and [redacted].

Observers
The Vandenberg sightings are exceptional because of the extraordinarily high professional qualifications of the observers, who are officials of the Western Test Range. [redacted] has 17 years' experience as a Naval aviator, 25 years altogether in military and civil aviation. He has 10,000 hours as an air-intercept and final-approach controller. [redacted] is an ex-Naval aviator with 17 years' experience. He also has been an air-intercept controller. [redacted] served the night of October 6th as Range air-control officer. They are radar operators, employed by private contractors on the base, and all had extensive experience in radar operation. They displayed an impressive understanding of the sophisticated radar systems they were operating and a good comprehension of radar engineering principles. [redacted] is a member of the security force. He does not have a strong background of technical training.

Radars
The following radars were involved in the sightings:
1. FPS-16 - C-band tracking radar with a 1.2° beam.
2. TPQ-18 - C-band tracking radar with a 0.9° beam.

- page 22 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document containing text describing details of a sighting report.

Vandenberg Sighting Report

3. GERTS - X-band tracking and command radar usually used in beacon mode (in which the radar transmission triggers a beacon carried by the vehicle being tracked) but can be used during the sightings, be used in skin mode (conventional radar operation in which the target is seen by reflected radiation from the transmitted pulse).

4. M33 - X-band tracking radar.
5. ARCER - L-band search radar.

Details of the Sightings
2000 to 2045 - Atherton observed visually from his house near Lompoc, for one half hour, an object at azimuth 290°. He called also at home, three miles to the south, who confirmed the sighting at an azimuth of approximately 290°.
At an altitude of 10 to 15°, Atherton observed the object through 7-50 binoculars and reported it looked to be the size of a large thumbtack, elliptical in shape - a red and green light separated by a small distance, like the wing span of an aircraft. But there was no motion. It was fuzzy, like a top spinning.
2045 Ralston called Ralston at Range Control Operations (located at an altitude of 900 to 1,100 ft.). Ralston confirmed the visual observation said it appeared to have white, red, and green or blue colors that did not vary. They "looked like the running lights on a stationary object." Bearing 290°, cut several miles, at approximately 19,000 ft. altitude. It was suggested that the object looked like a helicopter.

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Vandenberg Sighting Report

2045 - FPS-16 locked on two strong targets, one moving around and one stationary. One of them a 50 db target. Target seen in the general direction of the visual sighting, but the optical position was not determined with sufficient accuracy that it could be stated unambiguously that it was a simultaneous optical-visual sighting. Original interpretation was a helicopter, with another one assisting.

2100 - Checked for possible air traffic in the Vandenberg area with the following activities: Point Mugu - no; Operations ceased. Com Fleet Air, Alameda - no aircraft in the area; 15th Air Force at March AFB - countermeasure flights in the area? No. NORAD - no. FAA Center, Los Angeles - no.

2100 - Point Mugu fired up FPS-16 and reported that they saw strong targets headed toward Vandenberg AFB (VAFS). The targets must be behind one another in a line, because of the narrow beam of the radar. Lock-on, automatic track mode.

2100 - TPQ-18 at Vandenberg saw many targets. One at 8 nautical miles' range, 4,000 ft. altitude, 290° azimuth, proceeded south at slow speed. At one time the TPQ-18 saw 4 targets but usually 2. Point Mugu saw as many as 8.

VAFS and Point Mugu did not correlate their targets - that is, they did not establish that they were looking at the same targets. The TPQ-18 began to get different targets. At one time a strong target approached and went right overhead.

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report or document discussing radar observations made at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California.

Vandenberg Sighting Report

2100-0200 - (Times uncertain because of the confusion, although this could, very laboriously, be checked by examining the computer printouts from the radars and by listening to the tape of Ralston's conversations with the radar operators and with the other military bases, these materials being available at VAFB but not in the Colorado Project files).

Radar observations:

a. Up to 14 targets were seen. 
b. Velocities ranged from 0 to 80 knots, with rapid changes in altitudes.
c. The radars would lose their locks and then reengage.
d. NORAD surveillance radar on the base did not see anything, but the operator did talk about having a "good deal of clutter or perhaps jamming." (The surveillance radar operates at a frequency quite different from the tracking radars.)
e. Point Mugu reported a target "bigger than any flat-top at three miles."
f. As the radar activity increased, the number of visual observations decreased. The radars attracted all the attention.
g. The target that went directly overhead is the one that produced an 80 db signal. Three persons went outside the radar shack but were unable to see it.
h. One of the strongest target of all really "moved out in azimuth." A total of eight objects appeared on the radar to emerge from this one. After the separation, the original target continued on.

- page 25 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document describing a sighting that occurred at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California.

Vandenberg Sighting Report
Occurred, it was necessary to go to manual gain control
to separate the signal from the clutter (TPQ-13).
Visual sightings:
a. There were many visuals, but they declined in number as
the radar activity increased.
b. One visual moved toward the observers so alarmingly that
one of them finally yelled, "Duck."
c. One object, dull in color but showing red, white, and
green, moved generally south and finally out of visual
range.
d. Another, with the color of a bright fireball, moved
on a zigzag course from north to south.
e. Richard Hamilton and another radar operator, Carl Bailey,
reported that, "The radar didn't get locked onto what we
saw." By the time the radar slaved to us, the object was
gone visually, and the radar didn't see anything." "It
looked like a fireball coming down through there. Like a
helicopter coming down the coast, at low elevation. We
got the telescope on it." Then it grew smaller and
smaller until it disappeared. Duration: 1-1/2 to 2
minutes. Moved only in azimuth. Observed it through 13-
power telescope. Brighter than a bright star. Like
aircraft landing lights except yellower. The time of
this sighting was after midnight, between 0100 and 0200.
There was a balloon release about this time, and the winds
were right. But the weather officer, Lt. Col. Davis,
though it could not be a balloon because the report did

- page 26 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Vandenberg Sighting Report

3

Not indicate that the object rose, and a balloon would rise at approximately 1,000 feet per minute. 

f. Yokobosty and Yaterian reported seeing an object that covered 45 degrees in a few seconds, making four zig zags and four zags, and then, after reappearing for one second, disappeared to the north.

g. This covers only the most interesting of the visual sightings.

2110 - Air Defense Command scrambled the first of three flights of fighters to investigate the situation. The first and third flights came from Ontario, California, and the second from Oxnard. At this time the tapes of the conversations with the radar sites and other bases gave evidence of a good deal of confusion but not alarm or panic. The fighters were handed off to VAIR (Ralston) by the FAA at LA and controlled locally. Ralston attempted to vector the fighters in on the bogeys although, according to Ralston, it was not possible to do a very systematic job of this. By the time the second flight came in, the controllers, because they were so busy with the aircraft, no longer observed any targets. They did observe a good deal of clutter in the west and southwest quadrant. Not bad, they said, about like you get when there is a choppy sea, but the winds that night were only 5 to 10 knots. None of the aircraft, saw anything. One pilot observed something on his IR detector, and, although he reported he could see it repeatedly, he could see it only at distance. As soon as he closed in, the object would disappear. Another aircraft did lock-on to a target, but, after investigation, it was found to be only a reflection.

- page 27 -

