This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK RECORD
1. DATE / TIME GROUP 12/29/66
2. LOCATION Crosby, North Dakota
15. CONCLUSION
Probable PILOT AIR BALLOON
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Observation of object, flag than of a hot air balloon
11. CHIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observation was of a hot air balloon which had an unusual flag attached. The object observed and described was consistent with a hot air balloon. No unusual or unexplained phenomena were involved.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a sketch and a compass illustration. The text from the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Using optical character recognition (OCR), the text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses. S. Crosby 722 NE

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: Last Name First Name Middle Name  
ADDRESS: Street  City State Zip Code
TELEPHONE NUMBER: AGE 27 SEX Female
Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Commenced Radio study 1935, working since 1942 - 1956

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year
Notified Parish Priest Taken

- page 3 -

