Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
18 Jun 67  18/2000z

2. LOCATION
Colorado  (1 Witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Sightings: Probable Other (REFLECTION)
Photos:   Probable Other (REFLECTION)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Three

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer sighted and photographed three dull white objects. At the time of the sighting the Observer was on the observation deck of the California Zepher.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground/Visual

7. COURSE
See Case

8. PHOTOS
[X] Yes
[ ] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FTD SEP 64 0-329 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.

The rest of the page appears to be a blurry photographic image that is not clearly legible.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document contains a compass diagram and hand-drawn sketches related to these instructions.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
no

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  Yes  No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)  Yes  No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Dont know - but they were
fellow passengers on the observation car of
the train -

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                 ELMHURST  6626    ILL.
                        City     Zone   State
TELEPHONE NUMBER        AGE  13   SEX  MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
none

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
           July     1967
           Month    Year

Page 6 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

To be original I affected the color of the mountains in the photographs
Because when I saw them - they were
a dull white.


- page 4 -

TDET/UFO (Maj) Quintanilla/70916/mhe/13 Jul )                14 July 1967

Mr. [redacted]
Elmhurst, Illinois 60126

Reference your recent correspondence in which you mentioned your
son's unidentified observation on June 19 and subsequent photographs.
Additional information on his sighting and the original negatives
are needed to perform a scientific investigation. Request your
complete the attached photographic data sheet and FTD Form 164 and
return them with your original negatives. Upon completion of
analysis we will return the negatives and photographs along with
our findings.

ROBERT S. HOLDSAMBECK, Colonel, USAF
Acting Director of Technology and Subsystems

2 Atcbs
1. FTD Form 164 w/envelope
2. Photographic Data Sheet

Handwritten note at bottom: Already have two color photos


- page 5 -

Dear Major Quintana USAF:

This is a complete statement, submitted by me while stationed at the Air Station, 17th Fighter Group, while stationed at the California little rock air force base. One shot while the sun was setting, I was able to see the sun was visible, & one other time the sun was hidden by a cloud. Over about showing the objects over the sun time, & the next reference to the long of that time. Some different marks

My own described the objects as playing & as maneuvering in relation to each other. He will not have logged a view on what they were & I stated that a number of other people on the base took notice. Perhaps we should send of these notes file. by this. He said a couple have checked with operational plans & took the notes available.

I am at a loss to know what they are - but there were something to the file. The objects do not exist to wind blowing & timing of UFO's, they will able have to do a self of you do not have for their point - would seem (place) after etc.

[Note: Some words are difficult to read with complete certainty due to handwriting]


- page 6 -

This case contains 4 strips of 7" film and 1,7x5" negative and 18, 8"x 10" photos.


- page 7 -

TDPF (UFO)    Lt Col Quintanilla/70916/mbs/8 May 68
UFO Observation, June 18, 1967

Mr. [redacted]
Elmhurst, Illinois 60126

1. Reference your unidentified observation and subsequent photographs of June 18, 1967. The results of photo analysis of your negatives are as follows:

a. Examination of the photography reveals that the three images in question are apparently photographic phenomena. Noting that the curvature of the observation window is reflecting the image of a person, it is therefore possible that the unidentified images are of objects to the rear of the photographer, being reflected on the window. Since the Instamtic 100 is a fixed focus camera, objects from about 6 feet to infinity will be sharply imaged. The observer stated that the unidentified flying objects moved slowly, so it is not reasonable to assume that the oncoming or these images in motion. It is, however, reasonable to assume that they are slightly out of focus in places them nearer to the camera than approximately 6 feet. (When photographing mirror images, the lens must be focused twice the distance from lens to mirror, due to the double path length of the image forming light.)

This calculation to an object distance of less than 6 feet. Assuming that the camera is approximately 2 feet from the window this places the actual objects somewhere within the confines of the car.) If the actual objects are somewhere outside the train, the above theory still holds true because when (in this case, the image on the window surface) is also out of focus to about the same degree. This unidentified flying object, in addition, the general position of the image group remains nearly the same in both photographs, the remainder of the scene changes completely. This indicates that the images have remained nearly stationary relative to the cameras position and the window, but do not appear to be related to anything outside the observation car.

SMC


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

2. We are returning your original negatives. Once again, thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

2 Atch
1. Original Kodak Negatives
2. Two Kodak Color Prints

2


- page 9 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 67-83                                                                PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES
                                                                        DATE OF REPORT 30 November 1967

SUBJECT         UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION        Colorado (California Zephyr)                            DATE 17 June 1967

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF                                      IR                              QUALITY Fair
P NRS            Two original negatives and corresponding prints

1. PURPOSE:     This report is in reply to Work Order Number 67-107 submitted by Major Quintanilla,
requesting photo analysis of purported unidentified flying objects photographed from the
California Zephyr train. The photographs were taken from an observation car while the train was
passing through Colorado on 17 June 1967. Enclosed were two color prints and corresponding
negatives of the unidentified images.

2. ANALYSIS:    Examination of the photography reveals that the three images in question are
apparently photographed through a train window. Noting that the curvature of the observation window is
reflecting the image of a person, it is therefore possible that the unidentified images are
reflections or light phenomena. The photographer, being reflected on the window, since he is
instantanic 100 is a fixed focus camera, objects from about 6 feet to infinity will be sharply
imaged. The observer stated that the unidentified flying objects would appear to be about 6 miles
reasonable to assume that the softness of these images is due to motion. It is however
reasonable to assume that they are slightly out of focus which places the camera near the
camera to approximately 6 feet. (When photographing mirror images, the lens must be focused
for twice the distance from lens to mirror, due to the double path length of the image forming
light. This then equates to an object distance of less than 6 feet. Assuming that the
camera is approximately 2 feet from the window this places the actual objects somewhere within
the confines of the car) If the actual objects are somewhere outside the train, the above
analysis still holds true because the window (in this case) the image on the window surface) is
also out of focus to about the same degree as the unidentified flying object. In addition,
the general position of the image group remains nearly the same in both photographs, while
the remainder of the scene changes completely. This indicates that the images have remained
nearly stationary relative to the cameras position and the window, but do not appear to be
related to anything outside the observation car.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:                                                     APPROVED BY:

[Signatures of John W. Simmers, Charles B. Chapel, William L. Turner, and Wilder Price, Jr.]

John W. Simmers                                                        William L. Turner
Intelligence Research Specialist                                       Major, USAF
                                                                       Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

Charles B. Chapel                                                      Wilder Price, Jr.
Photographic Technologist                                              Chief, Photo Exploitation Division


- page 10 -

PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA

1. Type and make of camera Kodak Instamatic 100 standard

2. Type, focal length, and make of lens Kodak color

3. Brand and type of film Kodak color

4. Shutter speed used standard

5. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop ?

6. Filters used None

7. Was tripod or solid stand used no

8. Was "panning" used ?

9. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true North, and its angle with respect to the ground.
dont know

10. If supplemental information is unobtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, and the smallest and largest "f" stop and shutter speed readings of the camera.
not about shown on camera - only one speed possible & one opening.


- page 11 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
18 JUNE 1967
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: about 10
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
on California Zephyr which left Chicago on Sunday June 17th at about 3 P.M.
Nearest Postal Address                City or Town                 State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours   4 or 2   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Calculated
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No ✓

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                   NIGHT
a. Bright ✓ Bright during period of observation
b. Cloudy                             a. Bright
                                       b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you         d. To your left
             b. In back of you           e. Overhead
             c. To your right            f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, 1 JUL 61, which is obsolete.


- page 12 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Shornly outlined one side
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:   actually more around mountain train (?)

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell us a few words about the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   none
b. Color:   white - dull white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
3 styie

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. More - Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
See others

[The document includes a hand-drawn sketch of some simple geometric shapes at the bottom of the page.]


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? slow movement

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)     Yes    (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other: In at train

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)    winding through mountain
a. North         c. East         e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast    f. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? about 30-35 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes     (No)

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    (No)    e. Binoculars    Yes    (No)
b. Sun glasses   Yes    (No)    f. Telescope     Yes    (No)
c. Windshield    Yes    (No)    g. Theodolite    Yes    (No)
d. Window glass  Yes    (No)    h. Other: glass in friction car

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Funny looking kite


- page 15 -

