PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
19 Sept 67

2. LOCATION
Upper Darby, Penna.

(1 Witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Sighting: Other: (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
Photos: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
No information on sighting itself.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

COMMENTS: The observer has seen numerous UFOs. While writing about one sighting he stated "it always came back at least three times a night". The observer is only 14 years old. (See also 27 Jan 68)

7. COURSE
Not Reported

8. PHOTOS
XX Yes
□ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
XX No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)

Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.) I have seen other objects 7 times & eight like this date in Oct. 19,1967, Sep. 14,1967, Oct. 15,1967, Nov. 21,1967, Nov. 23,1967, Dec. 22,1967, and Dec. 5,1967

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mrs. [redacted]
Mrs. [redacted]
Upper Darby Pa.
Upper Darby Pa.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] Upper Darby City [redacted] Zone Pennsylvania State

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 4 SEX: Mle.

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? I reported it to [illegible]
[date and location partially illegible]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   9   February   1968
                                             Day    Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

As you know from the forms I have filled out U.F.O.'s seven times before, I have seen U.F.O.'s a description of the objects. The first time I saw a U.F.O. I took a picture of it which I will enclose along with the negative.

The last time that I sighted a U.F.O. was on January 27, 1968. I saw there U.F.O.'s before they looked whitish and I was in my house at least 30 feet away from it.

It moved very fast and then slowed up and hovered some 500 feet away it always came at least three times a night. The U.F.O. blinked off and on. It stayed near lights, trees, and buildings so it could not be photographed. The only reason I got one picture was because I was outside the close district. If you wish to know something, Possibly to contact me...

(Note: The last line appears to be cut off)


- page 3 -

TDPT (UFO) Lt Col Quintanilla/90916/mha/27 Jun 68

UFO Photograph, 19 September 1967

Mr. [redacted]
Upper Darby, Pennsylvania 19023

Reference your photograph of an unidentified flying object (UFO) of 17/19 September 1967. Since you failed to provide the data we requested, a photo analysis has not been accomplished on your negative. Your original negative and print are included.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
B&W Negative & Print

27 JUN 1968 (date stamp)


- page 4 -

TUFF (UFO) Lt Col Quintanilla/TO916/abe/29 May 69

UFO Observation & Photograph, 19 Sep 67

Mr.
Project Coordinator
University of Colorado

1. Reference your letter of 27 March 1963 in which you requested information on a photograph that was mentioned in an unidentified flying object (UFO) report dated 20 Jan 1963 addressed to McGUIRE AFB, New Jersey. Please excuse the delay in replying, however, we had filed the sighting under 19 September 1967, the date on which the witness said he took the photograph. The negative was sent, stapled to a print of the "UFO" with the original report. There is no object as such, but only several very indistinct lights. We requested information can the sighting and photographic data several times but the observer failed to respond.

2. We do have a completed AF Form 117 on the witness's 27 January sighting. All in all, it isn't very impressive.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

Handwritten notes at top of page:
19 Sep & 27 ptd
27 Jan 68

Stamped date:
31 MAY 1968


- page 5 -

TDPF (UFO) Lt Col Quintanilla/70916/mhs/8 May 68
UFO Photograph, 19 September 1967

Mr. NAGER
Upper Darby, Pennsylvania 19023

1. Reference your unidentified observation of 27 January 1968 and photograph of an UFO of 19 September 1967. Although your sighting of 19 September 1967 is too old to investigate, if you would complete the enclosed AF Form 117 and Photographic Data Sheet on your sighting we would appreciate it.

2. After we have received this material and have duplicated your photograph we will return your original negative and print to you.

3. Thank you for reporting your observations to the Air Force.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

2 Atch
1. AF Form 117 w/envelope
2. Photo Data Sheet


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Hq 4384th Air Base Group (DBO)
McGuire AFB, NJ 08641

There is also a postmark stamp dated FEB 21 1968.

The image appears to be an envelope or document with a letterhead and postal marking.


- page 7 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing some blurry, indistinct light-colored objects or shapes against a dark background. The photograph is framed within a white border and appears to be part of a document or report.


- page 8 -

There is no legible text in this image. The document appears to be a black and white photograph showing a blurry, grainy image of what seems to be some light-colored objects or shapes against a dark background. The photograph is framed within a white border and appears to be part of a larger document or report.


- page 9 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing what seems to be an unidentified flying object or light source against a dark background. The image is grainy and somewhat blurry, typical of older photographic documentation. The photograph is contained within a white border and appears to be part of a document or report.


- page 10 -

One include three (3) 5"x7" "photographs".


- page 11 -

UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO
BOULDER, COLORADO 80302

202 Woodbury Hall
DEPARTMENT OF PHYSICS AND ASTROPHYSICS

27 March 1968

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate
Department of the Air Force
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Dear Hector:

Did you get the photograph that the observer, in reporting the McGuire AFB sighting of 27 January 1968, said he had taken (and would send you) in connection with another UFO sighting?

Regards,

Sincerely yours,

Robert J. Low
Project Coordinator
UFO Study


- page 12 -

THE FOLLOWING UFO REPORT WAS FORWARDED TO THE UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO
ON 15 MARCH 1968

27 JANUARY 1968                                                   Upper Darby, Pennsylvania


- page 13 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
27 January 1968
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:
9:27 to 9:29
Hours   Minutes

(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One)
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted] Upper Darby, Pennsylvania
Aircraft, Postal Address   City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
By Magnetic Watch

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)
a. In front of you
b. Back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, when did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One)
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One)
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight?
c. No moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects
[Handwritten text appears to read: "it was brighter than ~100 watt Double bright like the moon"]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright rim
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know are present but not filled out]


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force                                                   Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
The U.F.O. disappeared by going behind buildings and trees.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: a building, and trees, until later reappeared.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: [blank]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   almost it moved quietly.
b. Color:   it was a bright white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
about 1/2 of it.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[No drawing is present on this page]


- page 16 -

UFO form continued

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?_______

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? A.C. yards

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other_A_nearby place

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other:______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A_readable text partially obscured, appears to say "...to horizon's space, etc. still"


- page 17 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any change in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.


- page 18 -

