PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
1 Apr 67     04/2330Z

2. LOCATION
Youngstown, Ohio     3 witnesses

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (METEOR)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 seconds

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object appeared as a flash blob going out. Object was white in the center, light blue all around edges. Object disappeared behind a building.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Gnd Visual

7. COURSE
N - NW

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
    Yes

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: It moved behind a building. I didn't get to investigate.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: It moved in front of a tree

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound    no sound
    b. Color    white in the center, light blue all around

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of this object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? It is hard to say by using a match stick but holding a baseball at arm's length about a half inch of it would the rim of the baseball

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with a trail, labeled with "TRAIL", "LIGHT BLUE", and "WHITE"]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  20-30 M.P.H.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?  50 yards

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No       e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No       f. Telescope       Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No       g. Theodolite      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No       h. Other  through nothing

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
a big shiny place
a flash from a flashbulb but it would have to be pretty big


- page 3 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ___________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Yes

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
But know persons I know saw the object about 6 clear my from where
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted names and addresses]
Youngstown, Ohio
Youngstown, Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
[Redacted first, last, and middle names]
ADDRESS
Youngstown 44502 Ohio
Street           City            Zip code    State
TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE 13   SEX Boy

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[Blank]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
12    April     1967    Aerial Technology Division
Day    Month     Year    Wright Patterson Air Force Base
                         Dayton, Ohio


- page 5 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 28 April 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

(Astro Meteor)                                                4 Copy 61

Proposed reply to letter from [redacted]

Dear [redacted]

Reference your recent observation of an unidentified flying object. Although a positive identification has not been made, it appears you probably observed an unusually bright meteor. The description, flight characteristics, etc are very consistent with that of a meteor observation.

Enclosed is some information which should be of interest.

1 Incl
Blue Book

[Handwritten note at bottom: 12 Signed 11 May 67]


- page 7 -

Dear Sir,

I have finished your questionnaire as best I could and I hope it will be of some help. I also would like you to write to me if you have a definite answer to what it was I saw because I could like to know. I would also appreciate if you could send the Project Blue Book because I would like to know more about the U.F.O.s.

Thanks you,
[Redacted]
Youngstown, Ohio
#4502


- page 8 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFTAC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO                                                25 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 4 Apr 67

TO: [Redacted]
Youngstown, Ohio 44502

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Youngstown, Ohio
April 16, 1967
4:13 PM

26 A.C. Investigative Enter
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs,

I am sending you the account of a U.S. sighting experienced by me two weeks ago. I have now found out that two other of my friends saw the same object about five minutes after my sighting. I interviewed them and found out that they had seen the same thing I had seen. Here is a copy of the interview. I hope you do not think each of us influenced each other to say the same thing. I thank you.

Sincerely yours,

Send 1/64
65

P.S. I would like to know more about the U.S. Co. Can you send me the Blue Book.


- page 10 -

Witness!                                                 Pg 13
                                                                   Pg 13
                                                                   Pg 3

1. Date of observation:
   April 5, 1967
   April 4, 1967
   April 4, 1967

2. Location of saucer:
   at Hough School (new west by that mill)
   at playground
   at playground

3. Duration of observation:
   7 seconds
   30 seconds
   30 seconds

4. Condition of sky:
   clear
   clear
   clear

5. Number of stars and state of moon:
   none
   none
   none

(OVER)


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. Elevation of object
point in downward position went to watch this
came down and landed my ground that took off
set the ground and then flew up

7. Describe shape, color
not round; like a black patch
no sound; white in color almost at same edge
not round; blue flame

8. Apparent size of object:
about three feet in diameter
three feet
three feet

9. How did object disappear from view:
went behind building
slow straight up
flew up at an angle


- page 12 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see this object?
1 April 1967

2. Time of day: 6 30
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted address] Youngstown Ohio
Nearest Postal Address   City & Town   State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0 0 7
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? I watched new ling
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No X

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right   f. Don't remember


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
It was like a flashbulb going off

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did this object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know


- page 14 -

