PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE/TIME GROUP
20 Mar 67 21/0050Z

2. LOCATION
Hamtramck, Michigan (2 Witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (METEOR) ✓ 978

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4 Seconds

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was white about like a star. Object was bullet shaped, except for the vapor trail. Object disappeared almost immediately.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
W - E

8. PHOTOS
Yes
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   17   April   1967
                                            Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

It was going at a terrific speed.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Dear Sirs,

I am 12 years old and have read many books on UFOs and would like to further (study) study them. I have had the following experiences:

On Monday, March 20, 1967 while stepping outside our front door facing south, I saw 2 lights appear more front of me that looked exactly like the 2 lights were visible only a second because of their fantastic speed. The 2 lights were from West to East. Thus could have been a reflection from our front door but it would have nothing to reflect on.

A few years ago (I do not know the exact date, only that it was in the summer) My boyfriend and I were watching stars in my back yard when we saw a light going from West to East. At first we (thought) thought it was a jet but when it was more visible we saw that it was a fireball, it looked something like the (small) fireball.

Flames were shooting all over the fireball and sets of fire were also seen. When it looked as if it were over our house it made a 90° turn and disappeared. It was visible for about 20 seconds. I can not remember if any sound was made.

I would appreciate it if you would send me a copy of Project Blue Book if it is possible. You do not have to check into these sightings because I do not think they are too good.

Yours truly,

[Signature redacted]

Hamtramck, Mich.
48212

[Stamp at bottom: "Call INFO"]


- page 3 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO

14 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 20 Mar 67

TO: [Redacted]
Hamtramck, Michigan 48212

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
20th Thursday March 1967
Day Month Year

2. Time of day: 7:00 50 Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted] Hamtramck Michigan
Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 4 Seconds
Hours Minutes Seconds

a. Certain b. Not very sure
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimated very accurately, Counted seconds
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright a. Bright
b. Cloudy b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you d. To your left
b. In back of you e. Overhead
c. To your right f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Blank line]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other [Blank lines]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

Page 2


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: no sound.
b. Color: White, about like a star.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

The object would have covered up about 7 wooden match sticks. There were 2 objects, so each one was about 7 match sticks.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Sketch includes two objects with vapor trails, labeled with compass directions S, E, W, N, with handwritten notes: "sort of vapor trail" and "They WERE MORE Bullet Shape except for THE VAPOR"]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   10 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast      d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No      e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No      f. Telescope       Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No      g. Theodolite      Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No      h. Other _____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

It would look like a marble that was very bright, streaking across the sky with a vapor trail that would disappear almost immediately.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

east
B <----- 4 seconds -----> A west

North

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 2
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

S

e                                                                   w
3 inches

N


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
I once saw a huge Red and white fireball. I do not know anything else because I thought it was a comet.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: My Father, same address.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [Street redacted] Hamtramck 12 Michigan
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 12 SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Please do not bring reporters over to my house. My mother does not want that to happen. It would be best to keep in contact by mail.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day [blank] Month March Year 1967 Washington D.C.


- page 10 -

