The image does not contain any photographs, only a textual record of a Project Blue Book UFO sighting report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP - February 67 0702
2. LOCATION - Ramsey, New Jersey (1 witness)
3. SOURCE - Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS - 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION - 3 Hours, 30 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION - Ground-visual
7. COURSE - Stationary
8. PHOTOS - No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE - No

INCIDENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
The description and duration submitted by the observer is consistent with that of an unidentified shining object. The object was observed stationary, hovering at a low elevation for approximately 315 degrees 20 degrees. The object was disc-shaped and appeared to be metallic and shiny or dull white in color. The stated at one time she saw beams of light come from the object. Observers said the object was out of sight behind some trees and then a mountain.

- page 1 -

The provided image contains two sketches. The first sketch depicts an object or objects above the horizon, and the second sketch shows a compass rose. There does not appear to be any photographic image in this page of the document.

Text Extracted from the Document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place on "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place on "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 2 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It shows a page from what seems to be a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document contains a form with various questions, including questions about whether the observer has seen a similar object before, if they are willing to provide their names and addresses, and when and where they reported seeing the object.

Text extracted from the document:

29. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object, before? If so, give date or dates and location.
Yes NO
30. Answer this only if you answered YES, did they look the same as the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31. If you answered YES, did they appear to be the same object? (Circle One) Yes No
32. Please list their names and addresses:

33. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME
Last Name: [REDACTED]
First Name: [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS
Street: [REDACTED]
City: RAMSEY State: NEW JERSEY
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]  AGE: 17  SEX: FEMALE

34. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: Month: Year:

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with a form or questionnaire.

OCR output:
34. Have you completed this questionnaire:  No     Date  14 Feb 57     year  1957
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative reflection of your sighting:

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter.

Project Blue Book Information Office
SAFOI
Washington, D.C.
20330

Dear Sir,

I recently sighted what appears to be some instrument concerning Project Blue Book and of 1950. The sighting took place about 6:30 p.m. on January 29, 1967 in the Ramsey, New Jersey area. I am interested in the existence of "bugs" which was apparently attached. Since my curiosity is very directed in the matter, I would greatly appreciate any information you could provide regarding the existence of flying saucers. I am convinced that I cannot be the only person who has seen such a thing. Please let me know your opinions on this matter. I am quite anxious to hear from you.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it appears to be a handwritten document.

Output of the text found in the document:

seems to me that , the object, of the sighting, and the movement, of the thing, seen by, people, in the vicinity, on the night, of may 6th., at around, 11pm, to be of a most, very, unusual, nature, and , and to be quite impossibly, for any man-made, or natural, object, to perform, the things, that were seen, by those, who witnessed, the occurrence.

please let me know, if there is, any possibility, for me, to remain, (if just by your say so), a confidential, source, or informant, for you, in the future, should, i have, or, come upon, any, other, information, that might be, of interest, to your department.

Thank you -yours

P.S. The name of the person, or address, given, to me, and the description, of what, was seen, and the location, and time, of the occurrence, are, of course, not to be made, known, or published, in any way.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from George E. Freeman Jr. to someone named Joseph, discussing some unidentified flying objects or aerial phenomenon that the letter writer has information about and wants to share for the recipient's science project.

SAPOTCC/Mrs Casaai/Jad/79979/22 Mar 67

MAR 22 1967

Dear Joseph:

With reference to your March 14 letter regarding a report of a unidentified flying object (UFO) which was sighted over New Jersey on March 13, 1967, I have some additional information which I think you will find of interest.

Upon analysis of the aerial phenomenon or object which is unknown to us, this appears to be a valid sighting. This a report might be of assistance in preparing your science project.

Good luck.

Sincerely,

GEORGE E. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments (BB/LC/42)

Burlington, New Jersey 08026

COORDINATED BY:    SAFOI-CC

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports from the United States Air Force.

The text in the document is as follows:

Project Blue Book Information Office
P.O. Box 20330
Washington, D.C. 20330

Dear Sir(s),
I am a boy of 13 years of age, and I'm very much interested in U.F.O.'s. In May at Park Train School #3, a science fair will be held. For my science project I am working on U.F.O.'s. I have heard of your work and I was hoping that there was some information you can give me.
Also I was wondering if you had any medals or U.F.O.'s. If not, would you know of any place from which I can purchase a model?
Thank You
Yours truly,
[Signature redacted]

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text.

Sy Carpenter
Assist BLUE BOOK Project
USAF Air Force Information Office
WPAFB, Ohio 45433

Dear Mr. Carpenter,

I have received a letter from a man who claims to have seen a UFO. He wants to know what to do with the information. I also received some photos that may contain evidence of a UFO. Could you please advise me on the proper procedures for handling these types of reports and any photographs that may be included? I would appreciate any guidance you can provide.

Thank you for your assistance.
Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Text from the document:

Because both of the stories seemed to be confirmed by the details given and the source was apparently reliable, inquiry was made to gather further information on the reported incident.

P.S. This is so strange and I have no idea what to say. I am completely at a loss.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR output:

DEAR MR. X:

I regret the delay in answering your correspondence; however, our present backlog has precluded an earlier reply.

Investigation revealed that you probably saw the star Capella; however, without additional evidence, we are unable to identify positively what you observed. The description you submitted is consistent with that of a bright star that has sometimes been described as appearing unusual due to atmospheric conditions. Capella has (also) been known to cause such misidentifications.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force; your interest is appreciated.

Sincerely,

BARRETT D. YOUNG
Inquiries and Correspondence
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Mr. X
Garfield, New Jersey 07026

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter or document from the Air Force regarding a UFO sighting report.

Ramsey, New Jersey
28 0902Z FEB 1967

Proposed reply to ___ (Sighting February 1967)

Dear Mr. ___,

Reference your recent correspondence requesting the Air Force evaluation on your February 1967 observation. I regret the delay in answering your initial correspondence; however, our present heavy workload has precluded an earlier reply. 

Investigation revealed that you probably observed the star Capella; however, without an exact date, we are unable to positively identify what you observed. The description you submitted is consistent with that of an astronomical object. The report is insufficient for numerous unidentified flying object (UFO) observations. Your case is being carried as insufficient data, since without a positive date, a definitive conclusion is not possible.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force; your interest is appreciated.

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

Transcription of the text in the document:

Blue Book Information Office
5915 St CC
Washington D.C.

Dear Sir,

I had the sane piece incident of which I wrote alone in my letter of February 8, 1967. The object was reported to me and some others as high in the sky and very small. It had a bright light that seemed to blink at times at regular intervals. The object is seemd to back out. She states men the dramatic Reasona rg and men not only was the very much like the that you wrote information on your organization. It had me very much worried over the incident and sent me another him a copy and ran

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

P.S. Sorry about the ommission. The only thing that appears in the image is handwritten text, with no photograph present.

Text from the document:

By now, Thank you
Jessie Trull

P.S. Sorry about the incomplans on this as I dont seem to become a worthattention at the same and there is only one line I am unable to see why the ram is working.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document, specifically a questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the sighting that you have observed. The information that you give will be used to assist in the scientific analysis of the report. The facts will be useful in determining the cause of the sighting, if it is determined that the sighting was not of natural origin. Your responses will be considered in confidence, and will be used only for official purposes. Do not write your name on this form.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 2:35 minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: _________________________
City or Town: ____________________ State or County: _______________________
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) ___ Hours ___ Minutes ___ Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day b. Night c. Bright d. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left
TO: BLUE BOOK, WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, DAYTON, OHIO: ATTN: TECHNICAL INFORMATION DIVISION DCS/R&T, HQ USAF (4510 INTEGRITY)

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions and answer choices for the observer to fill out.

3. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One:) a. More b. Less c. Same
8.2 MOON (Circle One:) a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. Same
9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One:) a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One:) a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember
10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One:) a. Solid b. Transparent
11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One:) a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know
11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT:
12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One:) a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Sharply defined c. Other
13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) a. Appear to stand still at any time? b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? c. Break up into parts or explode? d. Climb or descend? e. Change in brightness? f. Change shape? g. Flash on and off? h. Disappear and reappear?

The text in the document has been faithfully reproduced and transcribed, with no additional content added.

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. 

Based on the OCR, the text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
------------------not at all---------------------------

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One:)         yes              no                Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
-----------object disappeared behind a dark cloud-------------

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)             Yes             No             Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Speed---------Crawled slowly-----------
b. Color---------White-----------------

18. We wish to hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object would have been covered by the match stick. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match stick held at arm's length?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially indicate trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with a form containing various questions related to UFO sightings.

Text extracted from the image:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One:) Yes
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One:) Yes
22. Where was the object located when you first saw it? (Circle One:)
a. In a building
b. Outdoors 
c. In an airplane (type)
d. At sea
23. In what part of the sky did you first see the object? (Circle One:)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a large body of water?
f. Flying over mountains or hills?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One:) a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How far do you estimate you traveled while you were looking at the object? miles per hour

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes
b. Sun glasses Yes 
c. Windshield Yes
d. Window glass Yes

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give as some resemblance to the object which you saw.

- page 18 -

