PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
30 Jan 67 31/0600Z

2. LOCATION
St. Louis, Missouri
one witness

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft
Ozark Airlines aircraft flew directly towards the
observation point on climbout. It would have been
over the witness house at the time of observation

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer noticed a multi-colored object come out of the
north and come straight towards the observer. The object
appeared all white at first and got larger as it got closer.
Also the witness noticed red, green and blue lights. On
one occasion the witness thought the object was an aircraft
however the could not determine any flashing red or
green lights.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Several minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
From the north

8. PHOTOS
Yes
X No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
X No

Through investigation revealed that an Ozark Airlines
aircraft departed Lambert Municipal Airport at 1158 PM
CST, was located directly over the observers house on
the observers house on climbout. Viewing the aircraft through
this smog could have caused an unusual observation.

FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 375TH AEROMEDIGAL AIRLIFT WING (MAC)
SCOTT AFB, FOAR, ILLINOIS 62225

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 375(OP) (Mr McPherson/3612)                                 9 FEB 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting

TO: FTD (TDETR)

1. Forwarded for action by your headquarters in accordance with
paragraph 7a, AFR 80-17.

2. This report was thoroughly evaluated and determined to be an
Ozark Airlines aircraft that departed Lambert Municipal Airport
at 11:58 p.m. It was on a controlled VFR departure due to smog,
and flew directly towards Mrs. home on Climtous. It then
made a procedure turn when reporting on top at 2,000 ft. Appar-
ently the smog caused a refraction of the light produced by the
navigation lights, causing the pattern described in Mr. letter.

FOR THE COMMANDER

ALLEN C. CLARK, Lt Col, USAF
Operations Staff Officer

2 Atch
1. Itr (Mrs. Ave) 30 Jan 1967
2. St. Louis Globe-Democrat
   News Clipping, 31 Jan 1967


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Moving 12 A.M. 4.53/67

First sighted at eye level coming directly out of the North - straight toward me about the distance 3 blocks away. Appeared all white at first - as it approached it got larger, brighter, more brilliant and steadily flashing. When it stopped in the sky I could see the small red through the center lens.

The document also contains a hand-drawn radial diagram with multiple lines extending from a central vertical line, with "white" written multiple times around the diagram.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

2.

of the blue. The rays of light of the red, blue, and
white were in a ring about half the size of the moon,
classic of white, that went off to the side was
the white line that seemed through their center
own side to side. A the size of this object in
most the size of a wheel of a bicycle - it
was slightly more oval than round. About
a small white circle (it did not flash
t was about the size of a nickel). Then
was moving much faster in the sky, so
t caught up with this large, moving, flow-
ing object - which had then become stale
in the sky for about a minute and a half. G
the small white circle passed this moving objec-
- then the large flashing object started to
ift sheet but stayed North. The small
white circle did not yet too close to the
flashing object, even as it passed this ob-
ject as was about a block farther back to
the North. (This would be behind the flashing
object.) I thought possibly it was an airplane
- I hurriedly glanced to see if it had
- flashing red & green lights. The back of
t - I'm pretty certain it didn't. I stopped
my eyes as quickly as possible back to the
object. I was completely


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

associated by it. I left the back door and went to the night room and awakened my husband from a sound sleep. I got the feeling that someone was in the house so I chanced it to be able to get a time before this object disappeared. I was made at him time and my husband was this sight with me for almost 2 minutes more. I especially want to make it clear - I did not see the small white circle until after my husband came back to the room with me. The noise of an airplane (sounded high off far away) could be heard! The noise did not seem to be coming from the large flashing object in the direction of Northeast where the small white circle came on an angle, also directly overhead, and also the sound from the Southwest. Visibly, we were very good - no clouds. We are at a pretty high elevation in Walnut Park (Northwest St. Louis). When the object was going out of sight it drifted flower and more back to the North. I live 3 blocks South of that 3 block west of Riverview.

[Note: The last line appears to have a name and location, but it is blacked out/redacted.]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

The main reason I opened the blind on the back door was to have some light to come into the kitchen during the night. I always look outside for a few minutes before retiring, especially to check on a foggy condition—because if it is foggy the morning, it is very important that my husband leave for work quite a bit early. He has to go quite far southwest out in the county (Overland).

There didn't seem to be a definite outside line to this moving, flashing object in the sky.


- page 6 -

ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCRAT
31 January 1967

Flying Saucer Doubter Finally
Sees the Light—in the Sky

Mrs. Roy Meyer, 6015 Emme Ave., always thought reports about flying saucers were "such malarkey" until early Monday.

Shortly after midnight, she said, she looked out a window toward the north and saw "what I thought was a large, white, bright star."

"Then I saw that it was moving and moving closer," she said. "Until it was about a block away. It was more oval than circular and had different colored lights—red, blue, green and white—that seemed to dance."

For a few minutes, she awakened her husband who confirmed that she probably saw an airplane. However, he stood amazed as he watched the object in the sky. Mrs. Meyer called the Aeronautical Chart and Information Center Monday morning and promised to send off officials a full report and a drawing of the object sighted.

Mr. Meyer, a commercial artist, plans to draw a sketch of what he saw as soon as he has time from his work, she said.

Mrs. Meyer also drew a small sketch Monday.

"I always thought it was just another flying saucer," she said. "I never put any stock in reports about flying saucers. But now I'm fascinated. This has really aroused my curiosity."

Several Granite City police officers and the County Sheriff deputies also reported seeing "something" in the early-morning sky during the weekend.


- page 7 -

