PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - Time Group: 26 Feb 67  27/0310Z

2. LOCATION: Bellwood, Illinois  (2 witnesses)

3. NUMBER: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 3 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: South-Southeast

8. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes  [X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [ ] Yes  [X] No

10. CONCLUSION: Astro (S/P)  Very prob  7.0°

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Ob.ject reported as a Christmas tree light blinking. Observer stated after watching object infor while object appeared to start jumping around.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-327 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

March 29, 1967

Dear Mr. [blacked out]

I am writing to thank you for your information on UFOs.

I am just enclosing the enclosures you sent to LPS #4 Castle AFB, personally sent to UGC.

THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
LEGISLATIVE REFERENCE
WASHINGTON, D.C.

UG 6032 SP 161
to UGC

Thank You Again,

Bellwood,
Ill. 60104

UFOLOGY CLUB OF CHICAGO
c/o John Hallman, Secretary
1046 Linden Ave.
Bellwood, Ill. 60104


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
26 Feb. 1967
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day:
9     10
Hour   Minutes

(Circle One):   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Address is blacked out]   Bellwood   Illinois
Nearest Postal Address     City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight?
3
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?   Watched clock
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Clear            a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):
a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. To your right
c. To your right     f. Cannot remember

FORM                Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative Reference Service
FTD OCT 62 164      This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 62, which may be used.   May 1966


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

F. cool

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

About the same
c. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
a. spotlight from tree light blinking

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Bright star
c. Clearly outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change to a mass?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

[Handwritten response with a question mark]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: a small free.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: [blank]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: a few
b. Color: a blinking red and white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
all

19. Draw a picture now will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object such as saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch showing an object moving in various directions with arrows]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   3 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other   In a suburb

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         e. South
b. Northeast     f. Southwest
c. East          g. West
d. Southeast     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?                 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes
d. Window       Yes

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order to get as close a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Handwritten response appears to read:]
Can't tell what it was. Next to a cloud. Held at arm's length.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document contains diagrams and space for drawing responses to these questions about observing an unidentified flying object.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are of the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document contains three diagrams related to these instructions, including a compass rose, a curved line showing object height, and sketches showing object movement and arrangement.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

33. Please give the following information about yourself:
City: Bellwood, Illinois
Age: 12
Sex: MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent:
I go to Lincoln Elementary School
I am President of the UFO CLUB of CHICAGO

34. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?: The Air Force


- page 9 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

4. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 10 -

