PROJECT 10-67 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
24 Mar 67  24/2330Z

2. LOCATION
King of Prussia, Pennsylvania  (1 Witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Conventional

7. COURSE
SW - SSW

10. CONCLUSION
Sighting: Other: Probable (REFLECTION)
Photos: Other: Probable (REFLECTION)
The photo experts stated that the photo was probable reflection
of an object in the viewer's place.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer sighted and photographed a gray metallic object that
looked like "an upside down radar cup". The object was
estimated to be 50 feet from the observer and traveling 60-
70 MPH.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 M-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Official U.S. Air Force

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 23 APRIL 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

and I would Just move
Back. Please.

Page 7


- page 2 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 3 -

UFO form continued

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. [Handwritten response partially obscured]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME [Redacted]
First Name: King of Prussia
City: PA
Middle Name: PA

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 14
SEX: Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
24 MARCH 1967
Day   Month   Year

[Note: Personal identifying information has been redacted/blacked out]


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Another Street

Broad Street

Houses

Low 50 Feet Yard

The image appears to be a hand-drawn diagram or site map with a rectangular outline, some small rectangular shapes representing buildings, and a circular object in the center with arrows pointing to it from different directions.


- page 5 -

EASTER 1967

PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA

1. Type and make of camera Steinger camera

2. Type, focal length, and make of lens Polaroid, Approx. Printed

3. Brand and type of Film Polaroid 220

4. Shutter speed used Fixed

5. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop Pre set 4

6. Filters used none

7. Was tripod or solid stand used no

8. Was "panning" used no

9. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true North, and its angle with respect to the ground. I shot south end in a straight line.

10. If supplemental information is unobtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, and the smallest and largest "f" stop and shutter speed readings of the camera.

11. Estimate distance from camera to object: 100 Feet


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Gentlemen,

Could you please send me some information on UFOs? Also, I think you won't be interested in my story of a UFO.

Last easter, about two days before sunday, I was up in my bedroom getting ready to go to my aunts house(in Darlington, Wis.) just as I finished loading my camera, a swinger camera, sometime outside the window caught my eye. It was a saucer, about 25 feet in diameter, and 'bout 10 feet top to bottom. I whipped up my camera and snapped picture. I pulled out the film and tore off the picture. Then I raised the camera for another, but it had gone. Below is a diagram of how the saucer acted.

[A hand-drawn diagram of three frames showing a UFO's movement]

I photographed this one.

If you request the photo, I will send you the origanel and a blowup of the saucer. The picture is, I think, a good one, because you can see, what appears to be the windows of the craft.

Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely,

P.S. My address is:
[Redacted]
KING OF PRUSSIA, PA.
19406


- page 7 -

This case includes
Five (5) 4x6 B&W Photos
one (1) 3x4 B&W Negatives


- page 8 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

[The rest of the text in the image is not clearly legible due to the low quality of the scan.]

Photograph description: The image appears to show a black and white photograph of a building or structure, with a small dark object in the upper left corner of the white space. The photograph is grainy and has significant contrast, making details difficult to discern clearly.


- page 9 -

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

[The image appears to be a low-quality, black and white document with a faint photograph showing what seems to be a building or structure in the lower left portion of the page. The photograph is very grainy and difficult to make out specific details.]


- page 10 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

[UNCLASSIFIED text at bottom of page]

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a building or series of buildings, with some trees or structures in the background. The photograph is somewhat grainy and low contrast, typical of older photographic documentation.


- page 11 -

TQPF (UFO)Lt Col Quintanilla/70916/mhs/21 May 63

UFO Observation & Photograph, March 24, 1967

Robert Pohl
Prince Fredrick House Apt
App -- G-4,
King of Prussia, Pennsylvania 19406

1. Reference your 'unidentified' observation and subsequent photograph of an unidentified object on March 24, 1967 at Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Your photograph was submitted to photo analysis with the following results:

2. Analysis of the photograph showed the image - it was determined to be an actual photographic image and not a blemish in the film - to be generally elliptical in configuration and almost centered on the frame format. The accompanying source's data revealed that the photograph had been taken through window glass. It was determined that the photographic image is probably the reflection of an object in the window glass. A more precise identification of the actual object cannot be made from this material, and information available.

2. We are returning your photograph. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JULIAN QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
One (1) Polaroid Swinger Photograph


- page 12 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

[At the bottom of the page, barely legible:]
UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a building or structure, with some trees or vegetation visible. The photograph is low contrast and somewhat grainy.


- page 13 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a building or structure, with some trees or vegetation visible. The photograph is low contrast and somewhat grainy, typical of older documentary photography.


- page 14 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

(At the bottom of the page)

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a building, possibly a house or structure, with some trees or vegetation in the background. The photograph is somewhat grainy and low contrast.


- page 15 -

Final

PAR 68-1
Unidentified Flying Object
Milwaukee, Wisconsin                                     24 March 1967

One Polaroid "Suwegra" print, one FTD copy-print.

1. Purpose: This report answers Work Order Number
68-1 submitted by Myron H. Swinkowski, TDPT(UFO), which
requested an analysis be made of the submitted
Polaroid "Suwegra" print to identify the object
which was reportedly sighted in Milwaukee,
Wisconsin on 24 March 1967.

2. Analysis: Analysis of the photograph showed the
image - it was determined to be an aerial photographic
image and not a blemish in the film - to be generally
elliptical in configuration and almost centered on the


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 2 of 2
dot.

Issue format: The accompanying source questionnaire, however, contained a number of discrepancies and inconsistencies concerning the direction flight of the unidentified object and the distance from the camera to the unidentified object.

revealed along with the fact that the photo copy had been taken through window glass. Following examination of the photograph by Mr. Hacker, it was determined that the photograph image is probably the reflection of an object, noted within window glass. A more precise identification of the reflect object can not be made from the material and information available.


- page 17 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NP 68-13
PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES
DATE OF REPORT 13 March 1968

SUBJECT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT - MILWAUKEE, WISCONSIN
LOCATION Milwaukee, Wisconsin                    DATE 24 March 1967

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF.                 IR.                 QUALITY

One Polaroid "Swinger" print, one FTD copy print.

1. PURPOSE: This report answers Work Order Number 68-1 submitted by Major H. Quintanilla, TDPT(UFO), which requested an analysis be made of the submitted Polaroid "Swinger" print to identify the object which was reportedly sighted in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on 24 March 1967.

2. ANALYSIS: Analysis of the photograph showed the image - it was determined to be an actual photographic image and not a blemish in the film - to be generally elliptical in configuration and almost centered on the frame format. The accompanying source's data revealed that the photograph had been taken through window glass. It was determined that the photographic image is probably the reflection of an object in the window glass. A more precise identification of the actual object cannot be made from the material and information available.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:                      APPROVED BY:

EDWARD K. MALONEY               WILLIAM L. TURNER
Lieutenant, USAF                Major, USAF
Photo Interpreter               Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

                                WILBER PRICE, JR.
                                Chief, Photo Exploitation Division


- page 18 -

TDEV/UFO(Maj H Quintanilla, Jr/70916/mds/25 Oct 67)
UFO Sighting & Photographs, Easter 1967

App--- G-4
King of Prusses, Pennsylvania 19406

Reference your recent correspondence in which you reported your unidentified observation of Easter 1967 and subsequent photographs. Additional information on your sighting and your original negative are needed to perform a scientific investigation: Request you complete the attached photographic data sheet and FTD Form 164 and return then with your original negative. Upon completion of analysis we will return your negative along with our findings.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

2 Atchs
1. FTD Form 164 w/envelope
2. Photo Data Sheet

[Handwritten note at bottom of image: Copy machine depleted]

[A simple line drawing/diagram of what appears to be a rectangular frame with an oval shape inside is also present on the document]


- page 19 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting & Photographs, Easter 1967

TO: [Redacted]
    App. -- C-4
    King of Prussia, Pennsylvania 19406

Reference your recent correspondence in which you reported your unidentified observation of Easter 1967 and subsequent photographs. Additional information on your sighting and your original negative are needed to perform a scientific investigation. Request you complete the attached photographic data sheet and FTD Form 164 and return then with your original negative. Upon completion of analysis we will return your negative along with our findings.

[Signature]
Director of Technology and Subsystems

2 Atchs
1. FTD Form 164 w/envelope
2. Photo Data Sheet


- page 20 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
Flew out of sight

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:    no sound
b. Color:    metallic gray

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of
the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of
the object would have been covered by the match head?
About     Half

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object
that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing
to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a disc-shaped object with a dome on top, labeled "I have a picture of the object" and "Glow around top"]


- page 21 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
24 MARCH 1967
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 4 30
Hours   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is partially illegible]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours   Minutes 30 Seconds
c. Certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? I Just guessed
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 22 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight—pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Cloudy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Very small Golden blue green D the UFO

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 23 -

UFO form continued

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?   60-70 miles

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   30 Ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):   Inside a building

23. Were you (Circle One)   In the residential section of a city?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
24.2 How fast were you moving?   miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other:

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
radar   Yoder   CUP   with   Cargo   Holes   around


- page 24 -

