PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 7.17 8/00/64

2. LOCATION: W. Carrollton, Ohio

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual

7. COURSE: NE-S

8. PHOTOS: [X] No [ ] Yes

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [X] No [ ] Yes

10. CONCLUSION: SATELLITE (Echo IV) ✓ yrs
Echo was over CJM-AGN at 32°22' traveling toward 353 at ca 20°

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer stated object resembled star in motion. Only information given.

FCRA:
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

SATELLITE (ECHO II)
ECHO II OVER EQU-VAN AT 02023
TRAVELING TOWARD SSE

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
7   July   67
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 10   23
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other _________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted address]   ST.   W. CARROLLTON   OHIO   45449
Nearest Postal Address         City or Town       State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5   Minutes   Seconds
Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? [Partially illegible text]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you       e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

FORM


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):    8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                     a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                    b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                     c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
    d. Don't remember            d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):           WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                a. Dry
    b. Hazy                     b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds          c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds     d. Snow
                                e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                    e. Don't remember
    b. Transparent
    c. Vapor                    as a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                 c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                   d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
    (illegible handwriting)

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined
                 d. Don't remember             e. Other

13. Did the object:                 (Circle One for each question)    Yes    No    Don't know
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?                             
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?                  
    c. Break up into parts or explode?                               
    d. Give off smoke?                                               
    e. Change brightness?                                            
    f. Change shape?                                                 
    g. Flash or flicker?                                             
    h. Disappear and reappear?                                       

All options for question 13 have been circled as "No"


- page 3 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
yes, while wife was watching

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   quiet
b. Color   silver or white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[partially illegible handwritten text]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[illegible handwritten text]

Page 3 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [handwritten response partially illegible]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[handwritten response partially illegible]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place on a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" in the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[Partially illegible handwritten response]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Partially illegible handwritten names]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
[Redacted Last Name] First Name W CARROLLTON Middle Name [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] W CARROLLTON HSWY OHIO
Street City Zone State

TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted] AGE 34 SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
NCR AS ASSEMBLIES

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially filled out date section, appears to be 7/7 as day/month]

Page 6 is noted in the top right corner.


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    7       July       67
    Day     Month      Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The handwritten text in section 35 is partially illegible, but appears to start with "16" and contains some additional text that I cannot confidently transcribe]


- page 8 -

02032     8 July 67
ECHO II

01202-     231
42         162
0162       -69w
02022      40N

Page 8


- page 9 -

