The image does not contain a photograph. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record.

21 Jun 67
22/02127
CIVILIAN
NUMBER OF OBJECTS - 1
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION - NOT REPORTED
TYPE OF OBSERVATION - GROUND VISUAL
COURSE - NOT REPORTED
PHOTOS - No
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE - No
LOCATION - Tulsa, Oklahoma
CONCLUSION - Insufficient Data For Evaluation
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS - SSS CASE FILE

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division, regarding a UFO observation in Tulsa, Oklahoma on June 21, 1967.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

TDET/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 21 June 67

TO: Tulsa, Oklahoma

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. We have completed the analysis of the information and a copy of the Air Force FORM 164 and report is attached to the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES T. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The image shows a typed document page with handwritten text describing an alleged UFO sighting.

The text of the document is as follows:

"Project Blue Book
Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Case
Ohio

To whom it may concern:

On the evening of June 21, at approximately 9:25 pm my friend and I observed an aerial object in the night sky east of our house. It was a slow moving object, straight down the middle of the sky approximately 1000 feet high. Shortly after it was first sighted, it began a slow approach toward the north, then abruptly stopped dead for approximately 5 minutes. At this point, it remained stationary, then suddenly accelerated at a tremendous rate of speed, making no sound, and vanished from sight in a few seconds.

The object was approximately 30 feet in diameter, circular in shape and very bright. It remained visible for about 3 hours. As it was leaving, it gave off a flash of light that illuminated the entire sky for a radius of at least 5 miles. At that time, it was on the northern horizon and we could see it plainly. Its rate of acceleration was such that in a few seconds, it had disappeared completely from view. We feel quite certain that this was not the usual and familiar aircraft that we see on any given night in the skies over our area."

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a handwritten document that does not contain any photographs. As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

Another strange object moving in a northeasterly direction over a point at a rate of speed since we had witnessed the last observation of the object through the binoculars. The object appeared to be travelling at a tremendous rate of speed and was difficult to follow. It appeared whitish in color and seemed to be surrounded by a sort of luminous glow. The object was traveling at an extremely high rate of speed and we could tell it had no running lights as an airplane does, we took three exposures with our camera, which is a Rolleiflex, all of which were rather poor being that the object was traveling at such a high rate of speed. The following day and thereafter some of the individuals who were present during the observation were sceptical about what we had witnessed, but the more I think about it, the more I am convinced that what we observed was not an ordinary aircraft and must have been some kind of unidentified flying object.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather what appears to be a handwritten note or text. The note states "All June 21 are group observers of the following persons" followed by several redacted or blacked out lines of text.

Output of the text found in the document:

All June 21 are group observers of the following persons

- page 5 -

