The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a US Air Force project to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is a Project 10073 Record form, which provides details about a UFO sighting.

Transcription of the text in the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE: TIME GROUP  17 FEB 67/2325
2. LOCATION  UTICA, NEW YORK
3. SOURCE CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 1 MINUTE
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual (TX)
7. COURSE Northeast
8. PHOTOS NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE NO
10. CONCLUSION OBJECT (VENUS)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer sighted an object that looked like a bright star and believed it was Venus. The object moved in and then some clouds.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text in the document is as follows:

17 February 1967

SAFQT-CC/Mrs Cassel/jad/79079/28 Mar 67

This refers to your unidentified flying object (UPO) observation of January 17, 1967. 

Based on the submitted information, we have evaluated the data and conclude that you were probably observing the planet Venus. On January 17, 1967, Venus was the prominent evening star in the western sky. This is a known astronomical event that would have the characteristics you described.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

GEORGE F. KEEGAN, JR.
Colonel, USAF 
Chief, Civil Engineering Division
Office of Information

COORDINATED BY:    SAFOI-CC

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements that you make, and if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 5:40
Hour: Minutes
Day Month Year
17 Nov 67
(Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? NEAREST POSTAL ADDRESS __________________ City or Town _______________ State or Country [Illegible]
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Don't remember
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY b. NIGHT (Very Hazy Cloudy, Partly Cloudy Mostly Clear) Clear almost in sky
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember
FTD FORM SEP 64 ACUS 164 This form supersedes FTD 143, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The page appears to be a questionnaire or form for reporting observations of unidentified objects in the night sky.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None b. More c. Less
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight b. Dull moonlight c. No moonlight - pitch dark d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky b. Hazy c. Scattered clouds d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry b. Fog, mist, or light rain c. Moderate or heavy rain d. Snow e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter b. Dimmer c. About the same d. Don't know

11-1. Compare brightness to some common object: BRIGHTER THAN BRIGHTEST STAR - DIFFICULTY DISCERN FORM OF OBJECT

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy b. Sharply outlined c. Like a bright star d. Other e. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
b. Suddenly speed up and then slow down at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
...
h. Disappear and reappear? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Very slowly, faded away to the left.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle one): Yes . No. Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
It appeared to go behind trees at one point.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): Yes . No. Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
It appeared to go in front of trees at one point.  

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - none heard
b. Color - Bright white light, no other color
 
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The object would have been completely covered by the head of a match held at arm's length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please enclose the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(No drawing was provided)

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with questions and checkboxes.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?  
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):    a. Inside a building    b. In a car    c. Outdoor    d. In an airplane (type)    e. At sea    f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?    b. In the residential section of a city?    c. In open country?    d. In or an airfield?    e. Flying over a city?    f. Flying over open country?    g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    b. East    c. South    d. West    e. Northeast    f. Southeast    g. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?    miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object?    (Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window    Yes    No
e. Telescope    Yes    No
f. Binoculars    Yes    No
g. Theodolite    Yes    No
h. Other    Yes    No

26. In order that you can give me a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, with various illustrations and instructions.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show how the object was placed when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass to show how the object was placed when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a form that the witness has filled out.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
I. have . seen a similar object before on 2/13/67

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
(Yes) No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
(Yes) No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
(Name redacted)
(Name redacted)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: (Name redacted)
ADDRESS: (Address redacted) Utica, New York 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: (Phone number redacted)
AGE: 14 SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I. have. seen a similar object before on 2/13/67 Informing a friend of this incident at that time.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
To Civil Defense on February 14, 1967

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image. 

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 17 Day, 9 Month, 67 Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting: A large silver ball shaped object was hovering over my house and remained stationary for several minutes. I do not have an explanation for what I saw.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The page is mostly blank, with some handwritten text at the top.

Text from the document:

M.d they wire plea wee am that they were unatia to oat of their time to consider this matter much at the 'present time.

their impression was that those were the ody things they could report at the present time.

- page 10 -

