The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP 23 FEB 67 23/2332Z
2. LOCATION Margate, New Jersey (2 Witnesses)
3. NUMBER OF OBJECTS Two
4. SHAPE OF OBJECTS Astro (KEFREN)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 12 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE Straight
8. NAVIGATION LIGHTS None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE None
10. CONCLUSION Astro (KEFREN)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer noticed object going straight across sky. Object trailed exhaust. Observers were 8 years old.
FTD FTD 0-327 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document with a questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. This information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any data you provide. We request this personal information to complete our investigation, but if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)
5.1 How was the object sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?

FTD FORM 164 This form supersedes FTD 145, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that contains a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Bright
d. Don't remember

9. What were the WEATHER conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Dull
d. Can't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off sparks? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Changer shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be a photograph or image present in this document. The document seems to be an old UFO report form with various questions and sections for the witness to fill out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? IT JUST WENT BLAZING.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? IF YOU ANSWERED YES, IF IT MOVED BEHIND: Yes No Don't Know.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, in front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound JUST WENT BLAZING. b. Color WHITISH GRAY.
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or a pen's length in line with a known object at the same distance. If you had performed this experiment, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 8

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions related to the witness's sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1Zuu MI Lc

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 9.D»» ICD

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. Inside an aircraft (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Near a military installation?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. North

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)
Yes
No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses
Yes
No
b. Sun glasses
Yes
No
c. Windshield
Yes
No
d. Window glass
Yes 
No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one which you observed.

LITTLE GLICINT LIGHT

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch diagram and text. The sketch diagram shows an aerial view of an object, possibly a UFO, and its motion path. There is a compass rose in the corner.

The text on the page is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved path high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curved path where you lost sight of the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A ONE UFO

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 6 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which was a historic U.S. government program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text from the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and 
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[REDACTED]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: [REDACTED] 
SEX: [REDACTED]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience:
I HAVE SEEN A METEOR
I AM VERY TIRED
IN THIS CASE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? THE UFO

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, likely used to gather information about UFO sightings.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 
Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

