The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT : 0073 R.i .. JRD
1. DATE - TIME 0600P
6 JULY 67 07/07/02
3. SOURCE
CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
GROUND-VISUAL
7. COURSE
Circular
8. PHOTOS
NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
NO
10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
THE BRIEF REPORT WAS NOT DETAILED UNTIL 7/7.68 AT WHICH TIME IT WAS BEING
INVESTIGATED.
BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer sighted an object that was like a bright star and alternated in color between white and red. The observer described the object as looking like a football with a rudder.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

TEXT OUTPUT:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information that you have will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? January 11, 1967

2. Time of day: 11:30 Hour 30 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.?

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other _________________

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Miles City, Ohio

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2 Hours 5 Minutes
a. Certain
b. (Fairly certain)
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Best I could judge
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 22 164 THIS FORM REPRODUCED BY LIBRARY OF CONGRESS, LEGISLATIVE REFERENCE SERVICE MAY 1965

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph or image displayed on this page. 

The text transcribed from this document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. CLOSED
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain 
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
as a close to tower

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off sparks? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 3 -

There is a hand-drawn sketch in the image, but no photographic image present.

TRANSCRIBED TEXT:

Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No

Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes, it moved behind a cloud.

Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? No

Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound: Noiseless
b. Color: Changing red from reddish to bluish

We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head? If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 3 to 4 inches

Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially unusual trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The sketch shows an elongated object with a curved front and a tail, moving in the direction indicated by the arrow.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) (Yes) No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 10.0-500 yds, at times

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other An air camper

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. (In open countryside?) d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Binoculars (Yes) No b. Sun glasses (Yes) No c. Wind shield (Yes) No d. Window glass (Yes) No 
e. Telescope Yes (No) f. Theodolite Yes (No) g. Other

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

Strange football shaped metallic craft, moving around slowly and silently, size of a jet aircraft.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribed text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

I never saw this or a similar object before.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
Miller, Ohio
Middleville, Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE [redacted]
SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
2nd February 1967 parents, girlfriend, friends, and cousins.
Sighting.

- page 6 -

The image contains a diagram that appears to be part of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The diagram shows a curved line representing the horizon, with instructions to indicate the positions of a sighted object using labeled points on the diagram. There is also a compass rose diagram in the top right corner of the image. However, the image does not contain any photographs.

Transcribed text from the document:

In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
moved in long circles
29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a handwritten response to a questionnaire.

Date you completed this questionnaire: 13 June 1968
Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
Although I did not have an S.P.O. until recently I sent this in anyway. In case you like to use it anyhow.
Thank you.

- page 8 -

