The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT : 12.72   U : 9 : 25
1. TIME GROUP : 6/21/46
2. LOCATION : SAN DIEGO, CALIF.
3. SOURCE : INTELLIGENCE FACT SHEET
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS : 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION : 1 MINUTE
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION : VISUAL
8. PHOTOS : 0 Yes
  1 No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE : 0 Yes
  2 No
10. CONCLUSION : INSUFFICIENT DATA TO CLASSIFY

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a text-based image describing "Twenty years of UFO's...the great mystery of our time. Complete up-to-date roundup. Why scientists are perplexed...dozens of UFO photographs, including rare color shots, interviews with terrified witnesses who believe UFO's come from Outer Space. What to do if YOU see a UFO". This appears to be a promotional text for a publication or report about UFO sightings and encounters.

Twenty years of UFO's...the great mystery
of our time. Complete up-to-date roundup.
Why scientists are perplexed...dozens of UFO
photographs, including rare color shots, interviews
with terrified witnesses who believe UFO's come
from Outer Space. What to do if YOU see a UFO.

SPECIAL BY THE EDITORS OF UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL AND COWLES COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

- page 2 -

The image contains a foreword text, but no photograph. The text of the foreword is as follows:

FOREWORD

For twenty years reports of flying saucers and other unidentified flying objects (UFO's) have come regularly from all parts of the world. Thousands of persons have seen them, including pilots, airport officials, policemen, and others trained to identify conventional aircraft. And scores of persons have even taken photographs of UFO's. Many of these sightings remain unexplained despite intensive investigation by military authorities and scientists. 

To better acquaint the public with the scope of flying saucer sightings over the past two decades, the editors of LOOK called upon the world-wide news gathering services of United Press International to collect authentic photographs of UFO's and detailed information from persons who have seen them. This unique LOOK special, 'Flying Saucers,' is the result.

Special acknowledgments are made to Jack V. Fox of UPI, who prepared the text; Harold Blumenthal of UPI Newspictures, who gathered the pictures; and Tom Mindell of the Look Book Division, who designed the book.

David G. Wittney

- page 3 -

The image contains several small photographs arranged in a grid. The photographs appear to show various objects or shapes, but do not depict any human faces. The text at the bottom of the image indicates that the "color photograph on the other side of this page was furnished by the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization, Copyright © 1968" and that the UFO picture is discussed in the article "Rare Color Photographs" beginning on page 33.

LOOK BOOK DIVISION
The color photograph on the other side of this page was furnished by the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization, Copyright © 1968 by Gerald Lorzen. This UFO picture is discussed in the article "Rare Color Photographs" beginning on page 33.
© 1967 
COUNTS COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 
205 Madison Ave., New York, N.Y. 10022
All rights reserved. This volume may not be reproduced in whole or in part in any form without written permission from the publisher. Printed in the United States of America.
Library of Congress Number: 67-12723
Photograph credits: All photographs in this book are the property of United Press International except where underscoped under pictures.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force technical information document, specifically a questionnaire used to gather information about unidentified objects.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object you observed. The information that you provide will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day: May
Month: 1967
Year: 1967

2. Time of day:
Hour: 6
Minutes: 20
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
City or Town: ___
State or County: Calif

5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

Hour: 3
Minutes: 30
Seconds:

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright b. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right of you c. To your left

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a page from an old UFO report document that appears to be a questionnaire or survey form.

Here is the text from the form:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Luminous
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Well-defined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (No) Don't know
b. Move slowly? Yes (No) Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes (No) Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes (No) Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes (No) Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes (No) Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes (No) Don't know

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form to be filled out regarding the sighting of an unidentified object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It states "couldn't it move out of sight".
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? The options provided are "Yes", "No", and "Don't Know".
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? The options provided are "Yes", "No", and "Don't Know".
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound - "like a sharp whine", b. Color - "whitish gray".
18. We wish to know the angular size: Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as size, proportions, etc., and especially object trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire or survey with various questions about a sighting of an unidentified aerial object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 15-.250 -.i -,'3

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2 y ,., ,yi

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield? 
e. Flying over open country?
f. Near an airfield?
g. Flying over open country?
h. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No) c. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) d. Telescope Yes No
e. Windshield Yes (No) g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes (No) h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

OCR Output:
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 15-.250 -.i -,'3

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2 y ,., ,yi

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Near an airfield?
g. Flying over open country?
h. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No) c. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) d. Telescope Yes No
e. Windshield Yes (No) g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes (No) h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 8 -

The image contains a sketch with a compass-like diagram and instructions related to drawing the path of an unidentified object. There is no photograph present in this particular page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the horizontal line at the point where you first saw the object, and a "D" on the same horizontal line at the point where you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before
 if so give date or date and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME _______________ Last Name _____________ First Name _____________ Middle Name
ADDRESS ______________ Street ______________ City _______________ Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER _______________
AGE ___ SEX _____
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day _____ Month _____ Year _____

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images, only text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   2 28 67
33. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Additional information is needed to what I saw occurred which was illuminated by bright lights and appeared to be a large silver craft some 10-15 feet in diameter, hovering about 30 feet above the ground for about 30 seconds, then the lights went out and it disappeared.

- page 11 -

The image contains a photograph of a large sign that says "FLYING SAUCERS" in bold letters, with the price "$1.00" displayed below it. There is no human face or identification visible in the image.

FLYING SAUCERS $1.00

- page 12 -

