The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, specifically for an incident that occurred in Wapello, Iowa.

The text extracted from the document is:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
2. LOCATION WAPELLO, IOWA
3. SOURCE
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 1 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground Visual
7. COURSE South-West-North
8. PHOTOS No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No
FTD F-PR-3-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

The image provided appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. It does not contain any visible photograph, only handwritten text and annotations on what seems to be a photographic negative or image.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

1 Block
Wapello, Iowa
Date: 3/7/67
Time: 10:30 PM

Investigator: Capt. Shrum

Witness: Mr. and Mrs. Carl A. Schlieckert

Description: Hovering object, first thought to be an aircraft. Object emitted no lights and was silent. Observed for 15 minutes.

Investigator's Remarks: Object did not move during the 15 minute observation period. Witnesses could not estimate size or altitude. No aircraft were reported in the area at that time. No explanation for the object.

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present on this page, only handwritten text and annotations. 

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

UFO SIGHTING
March 29, 1967
Wapello, Iowa
GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION/DISTANCE OF OBJECT: Unknown, 1/2 mile
SHAPE/SIZE OF OBJECT: Oblong, 30 feet long
FLYING CHARACTERISTICS: Moved slowly, stopped, then shot up at a high rate of speed
WITNESSES: Two 
DESCRIPTION: Two bright lights, one brighter than the other, moving slowly NE to SW direction, then stopped suddenly and shot up vertically at a high rate of speed. Objects were at low altitude.
TIME OF SIGHTING: Approximately 8:15 PM
REMARKS: Witnesses state no sound was heard. Objects were observed for about 2-3 minutes before shooting up vertically.

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page does not contain any visible photograph, but rather consists of handwritten text on the left side and a dark, blurry image on the right side.

OCR of the text on the left side:

"UNIDENTIFIED SIGHTING
1560 on 5-22-67
Wapello, Iowa
Object seen at a
distance of 1 mile.
OBJECT DATA:
Object saw a 4 ft.
diameter circular
saucer type object
move from north
to south at a fast
speed about 1,000 ft.
above ground level.
Object was visible
for about 1 minute.
No sound was heard.
Weather was clear,
no wind.
OBSERVER DATA:
Observer is a
reliable witness.
Occupational Data:
M. T. Smith - Farmer
3 miles from Wapello, Iowa
Date: 5-22-67"

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC), addressed to a T/Sgt/UFO regarding a UFO observation on March 22, 1967 in Wapello, Iowa. The document requests the recipient to complete the attached "FTD Form 164" and return it to the Air Force.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: T/Sgt/UFO                                                                                  6 March 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 22 March 1967

TO: Wapello, Iowa

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not significant for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you further details.
1. When did you see the object? 22 MARCH 1967
2. Time of day: 7:20 Hour 20 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object? WAPELLO, IOWA (City or Town) (State or County)
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) APPROX I Minutes Seconds
(Circle One): a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? ESTIMATION
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): 
a. Day: (1) Bright (2) Cloudy
b. Night: (1) Bright (2) Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. Overhead e. Don't remember

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be any photograph contained within this page of the Project Blue Book document. This appears to be a questionnaire or form that was used to gather information from a witness about their observation of a UFO or unidentified object.

The text in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _____

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Give off sparks? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text from a UFO report document. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching.it? If so, how?
left at high rate of speed to go so east

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): (Yes) No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound____________________________________
b. Color Phosphorescent

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About 1/8 to 1/4

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Sketch showing an elongated oval-shaped object with a pointed tail, with arrows indicating its direction of movement. The sketch also includes notes regarding its flight characteristics.]

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ______________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1 to 2 blocks

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Chandelier coffee cup, saucer over large coffee mug

- page 9 -

The image contains a diagram with a sketch, a compass, and instructions related to describing the motion and movement of an unidentified object. There does not appear to be a photograph present in this particular page.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 15
SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. NO SPECIAL OR UNUSUAL INTEREST OR INCIDENT

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? NO OFFICIAL REPORT MADE ONLY ADVISED MEMBERS OF FAMILY

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document or questionnaire related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) in the 1950s and 1960s.

The text in the image is as follows:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9 April 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Nothing not covered in everyday other than a very wierd funny looking object.

- page 12 -

