PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE/TIME GROUP
22 Mar 67   23/0130

2. LOCATION
St. Paul, Minnesota                                 1

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (AIRCRAFT)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated that the object was observed while aircraft
were flying.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
None Stated

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Air-Visual

7. COURSE
None Stated

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT: Highway Patrol

STATE OF MINNESOTA
Office Memorandum

TO: Major Bert Johnson

FROM: Captain Walter W. Whitson

SUBJECT: Reported Sighting of U.F.O.
on March 22, 1967

DATE: 28 March 1967

Enclosed please find a letter from Officer Richard Morelan #251, a newspaper clipping from the Willmar Paper for same evening, and interviews of Mrs. _______ on 3-23-67

Officer Morelan contacted me on 23 March in regards to his sighting the U.F.O. the previous night. I contacted him on Friday, 24 March, and questioned him further about the above sighting and received the enclosed letter from him which I believe is self-explanatory.

Officer Morelan, Sergeant Orlan Ott, and I then drove to the farm and asked Mrs. _______ what the U.F.O. that she was reported to have seen. Mrs. _______ stated that she and her 12-year-old daughter were driving east near New London on Highway 9 3-22-67 about a mile and one-half west of New London about 1920 hours. They observed a real bright light in the sky a long distance to the southeast of them. The girl said it is a flying saucer, but her mother told her there was no such thing. The girl said it is coming towards us. They continued on and when they had driven about one-half mile it was all at once right in front of them. She applied her brakes at this point because she said she was afraid to drive under it. Mrs. _______ said it was about 20 or 25 feet from the ground and directly in front of their car. She said the bright light was about five or six feet in diameter and this is all that she could see. She said the light seemed to be continued inside the object as 14 distinct fire or six feet in diameter and this is all that she could see. She said the light seemed to be continued inside the object as 14 distinct fire up the highway or the inside of the car. She said this was all she observed about it, but that the girl said she could make out a triangle shape around the light and also something that looked like a small window above the light. It remained motionless in front of the car for about one minute and they did nothing but stare at it. It then took off to the north at a high rate of speed. This location was about five miles north of the sighting by Officer Morelan.

We then went to the farm which is located about five miles north of the sighting by Mrs. ______. We talked to Mr. _______, the father, and his son, _______, who in 1924 said he was outside the barn when he first observed the light. He called to his father, _______, to come out and see it. This was at 1923 hours. Both stated this light was about one-half mile south of the barn at tree top height and stayed stationary in this position for seven or eight minutes. It then went east at a high rate of speed.


- page 2 -

To: Major Bert Johnson

From: Captain Walter W. Whitson

Subject: Reported Sighting of U.F.O. on March 22, 1967

A high rate of speed; [redacted] said he could see red and green light on the object in addition to the bright white light. They also said the light seemed to be self-contained and there was no light on the ground.

I believe that all of these parties observed a light, whether this light was a reflection, a mirage, or an actual object I am unable to say. If you have an explanation for this I would be glad to give it to these people. I felt that it should be reported to you.

WWmg

dot: Chief Harbinson
Assistant Chief Henry
Officer R. Morelas #251

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page include: "Peynoville Sufficient To" and other partially legible notes]


- page 3 -

MINNESOTA DEPARTMENT OF HIGHWAYS
INTRA-DEPARTMENTAL MEMORANDUM

To: 934 Troop Cares, Troop 6th Minn.
From: Minn. Chty. Johnson Illinois Minn. Hwy. Patrol St. Paul
Subject: U.F.O. Sighting
           March 23, 1967

As we discussed over the phone!

Minneapolis - St. Paul International Airport
Minneapolis, Minn.
55417,
Attn. D.O.

Return to:


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

March 22, 1967 - 7:10 P.M.

Traveling south on Highway 71 in patrol unit at a speed of approximately 50 - 55 mph, when I approached the curve on the northwest corner of Ringo Lake I observed a steady, large brilliant light descending down on Ringo Lake coming directly toward me. My first thought was that the DC-3 that being pulled into William from California had taken off and had developed trouble and was attempting to set down on the lake and had landing lights on. By this time I had been stopped for approximately 20-30 seconds. I then turned on my spotlight which is equipped with a aircraft landing light and was surprised at not being able to pick up aircraft? What I was trying to do was to let incoming vehicle know, that I didn't think it would be able to land completely on the lake, then I felt it would end up on the highway or in the slough on the other side of highway. I judged it's height at about 100-150 feet high (flying height), or water tower height. I was certain it would land - realizing that's its head to Judge speed of an object coming toward me I would estimate 1st speed under 100 mph but not less than 50. I left my spotlight on steady - oncoming vehicle then leveled out and veered to its left and climbed slowly but not much above (and again I'll estimate) 5 - 600 feet away from me, when it was going away it still had white light but like two clearance lights. It then veered again and came directly toward me again, and I felt I had warded off the first attempt to land and it was going to try again. This time I oped the door of the squad car and stepped out, to also listen as I operated the spotlight for motor trouble. I heard no sounds, there wasn't a cloud in the sky - no wind - temp was 35° above. To the southeast, probably more northwest an aircraft traveling in a south direction with red and green blinking lights. No where near this vehicle though. This lake being only approximately 1 mile across from where I was sitting I again realized I must be taken again, on the nearness of this object - It must be a larger aircraft than the DC-3 that comes into William and maybe wasn't above the lake yet. I then turned my spotlight off to see if his lights were lighting up the lake any - they were not. Still I thought he should be lighting up the lake shortly. Again due to the size of the lights I felt he would over shoot too much of the lake. So this time I started to flick spotlight rapidly off and on, object then veered again in the same pattern as the first time, but when it reached the same spot where it approached me twice, it continued due east for approximately 2 - 3 miles then was left sharp left and headed straight north. During this time speed was not very fast until it started north, then it really moved out. I then for the first time noticed a white blinking light which before all lights were stationary. At no time was I able to make out this object clearly, or hear any sounds. If I was to try and describe it one must bear in mind I couldn't make out anything above or below the long bar of lights. I definitely feel it was larger than the DC-3 that comes into William and all turning of object was to 1/16 left. (I also have heard Officer Lou "noise of the William" Police Force has seen something on this order on 3-21-67 between 9:30 P.M. of this writing I have not talked to him about his observations.)

Signed/ Officer Richard Morelan #251


- page 5 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
934TH TROOP CARRIER GROUP (M) (RES) (CAC)
MINNEAPOLIS-ST PAUL INTL APRT, MINNEAPOLIS, MINN 55417

17 April 1967

TO: TDET/UFO (Lt Morley)
Wright Patterson AFB, Dayton, Ohio 45133

1. The enclosed report from the Minnesota Highway Patrol regarding an unidentified flying object is forwarded for your information and action. I have not contacted the witnesses but have investigated locally and discovered a possible explanation for these observations. A check with the Minneapolis Naval Air Station has indicated that there were two SP22 anti-submarine patrol aircraft on VFR local training flights on 22 March. Takeoff and landing times were: 2345 to 0745; second aircraft, 0200 to 0400Z, approximately 1930L (0130Z) was the time of observation. A time when both aircraft were in flight. Local flights are normally conducted throughout Minnesota. The area of observation is approximately 100 miles west of Minneapolis. The aircraft utilize a high intensity carbon arc light (one light mounted on the wing tip) which can be directional downward for penetration into the water. For search purposes. The aircraft do not normally operate below 2000 feet but a light of such intensity would appear much closer than it actually was - especially at night. A low altitude orbital route also runs just north of the area of observation but in my opinion the antisubmarine aircraft provides the most reasonable explanation of the observations.

2. In a telephone conversation with Major Bert W. Johnson, Chief of the Minnesota Highway Patrol, I indicated that you would send him a letter in sufficient copies so that he in turn will be able to send a reply to all of the witnesses and patrolman involved. I would also like an info copy for my UFO file. The address of the Highway Patrol Office is: New Highway Building St Paul, Minnesota 55101. Attn: Major Johnson.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JOHN E. VANCE
Capt, USAF
UFO Project Officer

1 atch:
Cy of report


- page 6 -

A/C (possible)
TWO SPARE ANTI-SUBMARINE PATROL
AIRCRAFT WERE IN T-5 AREA

TDEV/UFO (Maj Quintanilla)/70916/mhs)                    19 May 1967

UFO Sightings, 22 March 1967                              22 Mar 67
                                                          St. Paul, Minnesota
Highway Patrol Office                                     331/0130-5
Attn: Major Johnson
New Highway Building
St. Paul, Minnesota  55101

1.  Reference a recent report from the Minnesota Highway Patrol regarding an unidentified flying object observation on the night of March 22, 1967.  Although a positive identification has not been made, we were able to discover a possible explanation for the observations.

2.  Investigation revealed that two SP2E anti-submarine patrol aircraft were participating in training flights in the area.  The aircraft utilize a high intensity carbon arc light which can be directed downward for penetration into the water.  These aircraft could have accounted for the observations.

3.  In regards to the newsclipping -- We suspect a hot air balloon being responsible for the reported sightings.  The Air Force has received numerous sightings lately which can be attributed to these balloons.

                                                          Cy to:  938th Troop Carrier Group
                                                          Attn:  DO/Capt Vlahoe

JAMES C. WERTH, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems


- page 7 -

