Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
25 JUL 67     26/0422Z

2. LOCATION
Manchester, New Hampshire

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 minute 30 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
East

8. PHOTOS
11 Yes
XX No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (AIRCRAFT/with advertising sign)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated that the object appeared to be a light. Object brightness was compared to that of a star. It appeared to be brighter than the star. Edges of the object were sharply outlined. Object had not any sound of its own, but color of object was red with white highlights.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It faded away as though it were traveling away at a very high speed.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - None
b. Color - Bright Red with N.W. lights

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the hand of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match hand?
approx. 1/4 or less

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A blank box is provided for the drawing, with an arrow drawn pointing to the right]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         e. South
b. Northeast     f. Southwest
c. East          g. West
d. Southeast     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?    30    miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses   Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass  Yes    No

e. Binoculars    Yes    No
f. Telescope     Yes    No
g. Theodolite    Yes    No
h. Other    Open car window on angle

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Signature that appears to say "Surely"]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A. ______________________ B.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 1 AUG 1967
    Day     Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

when I recollect my sighting was not an ordinary aircraft, I studied it very carefully and checking with data for time. I took special care in its movement, and its shape. I checked the area completely for other aircraft. I could not get the aircraft more than 100 ft above ground as I know the terrain very well, and there is a hill where it appeared to be.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   [x]
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [street redacted] MANCHESTER, N.H.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 37   SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I DO NOT DRINK;
I AM A LOCAL BUSINESS MAN, DEALING IN CUSTOM HOMES.
WHEN EVER ANYTHING UNUSUAL HAPPENS TO ME, I DO NOT
GET EXCITED AND TRY TO NOTICE EVERY DETAIL THAT
MAY BE OF IMPORTANCE.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
20   JULY   1967   MR. [redacted]
Day   Month   Year   MANCHESTER, N.H.


- page 6 -

TYPED COMMENTS MADE BY DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK ON JUNE 1968

MANCHESTER, NEW HAMPSHIRE                                                25 JULY 1967

Another single witness case. The present "possible aircraft" evaluation is not in line with the report unless we say the report is grossly in error.

Report does not indicate tangential motion. He described appearance as bright red. There was no sound, but object was in sight only 1½ minutes. His "A" and "B" on page 5 of his report are identical and not moving--except away from observer.

A detailed follow-up would have been needed to properly evaluate this sighting. So---"possible aircraft" is possible unidentified.

(Original signed by J. Allen Hynek)


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
Intra-University
CORRESPONDENCE

DATE June 14, 1968

TO Prof. Blue-Goob              FROM J. A. Hynek

Re: Manchester, N.H. Case, 25/JS/67)

Another simple "possible" excerpt
of the present "probable" case. Elevation is not in clear
such the report renders us say the
report is going in error.

Report does not wish 28 describe
carefully as bright sat. 25 clear
appearance as bright sat. was
was no scene but 1 1/2 mile. His "A"
and "B" of 6 of the report are very
identical. Never. Follow up
would have been made to this repository.
properly exclusive to "possible" among
so - "possible" except "possible" tips.

J. Alan Hynek

(Note: There are some slight uncertainties in the transcription due to handwriting, but this represents the text as accurately as possible.)


- page 8 -

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 13                                                                   4 June 1968

31.   10 July 1967, Azalea, Mississippi.
       See attached supplemental sheet B.

32.   11 July 1967, Macon, Georgia.
       Temporarily misplaced. Check to see whether this has any relation
       to the sighting the previous day in Azalea, Mississippi.

33.   25 July 1967, Manchester, New Hampshire
       The only Manchester, New Hampshire case I have is for a different
       date.

34.   12 October 1967, Ocaloosa County, Florida.
       Although this had four witnesses, the data are very poor. A
       balloon is r led out because of wind at all levels. Two objects,
       one trailing the other, nighttime observation, went from the northern
       to the southern horizon in three minutes. Anyone of three evaluations:
       (1) insufficient data (2) probable aircraft (3) possible unknown.

35.   31 October 1967, Denver, Colorado.
       Do not have in my files. Will do in Dayton.

J. Allen Hynek
J. ALLEN HYNEK, Director
Lindheimer Astronomical Research Center
Northwestern University

JAH:lp


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Proc. Airstaff with
activity sign 25 July 67
25 Jul 67
Manchester, N.H.
26/0/322.2
SEP 2 9 1967

TETE/UFO (Maj Quintanilla)/70916/mbn/25 Sep 67)
Manchester, New Hampshire, 25 July 1967 Sighting

Manchester Municipal Airport
Manchester, New Hampshire 03100

1. The Aerial Phenomena Branch is investigating an unidentified
Flying object (UFO) report. The observation occurred in your
area on 25 July 1967 between 1115 and 1130 pm. The observer
described the unidentified flying object as a red cylindrical
object with whitish headlights. The object disappeared to the
east of Manchester. The sighting may have been of an aircraft,
the red glow being the jet exhaust, and the "whitish headlights"
the landing lights. Information on any aircraft departing or
arriving at your airfield that may have been the stimulus for
this sighting would be helpful. If someone in the control tower
saw a similar object (identified or unidentified) we would be
interested in their comments.

2. Thank you for any assistance you can provide on this
25 July 1967 unidentified observation.

JAMES G. MAYNARD, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

* Copy for Hqrsch - who will
follow up as soon as copy of
164 is rec'd


- page 10 -

FTD (TDGT/UFO)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433

UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

Manchester Municipal Airport
Manchester, New Hampshire 03100

Common Term.

POSTAGE AND FEES PAID
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE

WEAR YOUR RL


- page 11 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO

SUBJECT: Manchester, New Hampshire, 25 July 1967 Sighting

TO: Manchester Municipal Airport
Manchester, New Hampshire 03100

1. The Aerial Phenomena Branch is investigating an unidentified
flying object (UFO) report. The observation occurred in your
area on 25 July 1967 between 11:15 and 11:30 pm. The observer
described the unidentified flying object as a red cylindrical
object with whitish headlights. The object disappeared to the
east of Manchester. The sighting may have been of an aircraft,
the red glow being the jet exhaust, and the "whitish headlights"
the landing lights. Information on any aircraft departing or
arriving at your airfield that may have been the stimulus for
this sighting would be helpful. If someone in the control tower
saw a similar object (identified or unidentified) we would be
interested in their comments.

2. Thank you for any assistance you can provide on this
25 July 1967 unidentified observation.

[Signature of a USAF officer]
Director of Technology and Subsystems

SEP 27 1967 [Stamp]


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
a. Star was as bright with a torch

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly sped up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know

Page 2 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 13 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
25 July 1967

2. Time of day:
11 23
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
SW. Wilcox St. Manchester New Hampshire
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours 1 Minutes 30 Seconds APPROX.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?: By Clock
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright a. Bright
b. Cloudy b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you d. To your left
b. In back of you e. Overhead
c. To your right f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 14 -

