PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
30 Jan 67 - 0700Z

2. LOCATION
California, Missouri

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft(possible)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
one

2 witnesses

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4-8 minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched a pan shaped object that was blue,red, 
green, and white in color. They witnesses said that there 
was a rough motion of the object with forward and backward 
motion. The object disappeared toward the north.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Northward

An aircraft was in the immediate area and was seen by the 
witnesses. There were no records to indicate that an aircraft 
was in the area. From the description of the object and 
consideration of the existing weather conditions it appears 
that the source of the lights was the plane sighted in 
the area soon after the lights were seen.

8. PHOTOS
Yes
X No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
X No

FORM
F TD SPA 47 0-329 (TDE)

Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

UFO SIGHTING QUESTIONNAIRE

(Use back of page if more space is needed. Give all details)

1. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S):
a. Shape: N/A
b. Size (Compared to head of pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, basketball, etc., when held at arm's length): p
c. Color: yellow light blurry white
d. Number: N/A
e. Formation (if more than one): N/A
f. Recognizable features or details: handled roughly up and down
g. Trails? Exhaust? Size: N/A
h. Sound emitted: N/A
i. Other features or comments: rough motion

2. COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
a. What first called your attention to the object? bright light
b. Angle above the horizon and direction from your position when object was observed: 30°-40° right over treetop
c. Angle above the horizon and direction from your position when disappeared: out of the midwest and disappeared
d. Direction of movement/maneuvers of the object: from east to north
e. How did the object disappear (suddenly to the North, etc)? faded out to the northwest
f. How long did you observe the object (1 min, 5 mins, 1 hour, etc)? 5 mins

3. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
a. From ground, visual_____. From air, visual_____.
From ground, electronic _____. Specify type of radar.


- page 2 -

Location of time of observation (from of 500 Jarco Drive, Control Tower at MARS, etc): Be specific: 

Did you use binoculars, telescope, etc? Yes_____ No V
If yes, indicate Make, Model, Power, etc:

DATE AND TIME OF SIGHTING:
a. Date: January 30, 1967

b. Time: 1:08 Local     CTO Z.

c. Light conditions Easy Night, Dusk, Dawn: 

WEATHER CONDITIONS:
a. Describe the weather (Cloudy, Raining, Hot, Cold, etc):

REMARKS: [Section 6 is blacked out/redacted]


- page 3 -

Flying Saucers' Visit
Central Missouri Area

[The text appears to continue from the top of the page, but the first few lines are partially cut off or illegible]

north. The men said that although the lights changed in attitude up and down at varied rates, they moved too slowly for a jet and too fast for a helicopter. The two were not able to estimate the size or shape of the vehicle involved.

A Spokesman at Whiteman Air Force Base at Knob Noster said that while all planes are equipped with white, green and red navigation lights, more recently some have had strobe lights.

These lights give off a brilliant flash that lasts only a few thousand of a second and is so intense it could create the effect of the other lights being on at once.

The strobe light can blink continuously, but must blink at a rapid rate.

About 660 reports of an unexplainable unidentified flying objects have been reported during the last 20 years, Leon James P. Norton said on Thursday. A professor at Central Methodist College in Fayette, he spoke at a meeting of the Round Table Club in Fayette.

Reported sightings of the UFO's number more than 10, 000 during the two decades, even Thomassen said. While a large number of them remain unaccounted for, about 660 have been unexplained, he said.

Even ago as 1897, there was a report of a "cigar-shaped" flying object over Kansas by a former congressman over Hamilton, who claimed that he had a helicar, with the carcass later found on the author's farm.

While the cigar shape was the most common one reported, some recent descriptions of reported UFO's have been of car-shaped vehicles. Some of the witnesses have claimed to see little creatures; some have claimed to have seen none aboard their vehicles. An "aerial display" of many disc-shaped craft maneuvering at high speeds over Scandinavia was reported in 1946.

Dean Thomassen, scientists, said that a $300,000 grant has been made to the University of Colorado for a study of all the UFO evidence to date, under direction of Dr. Edward Condon, a prominent scientist, while the "extraterrestrial visitors" explanation is not to consider the possibility.

[The rest of the text appears to be cut off or illegible]


- page 4 -

UFO Reported Over California

Flying saucers perhaps? Well, Raymond Barbone and Robert Coward are not sure, but they describe a phenomenon they witnessed at about 1 a.m. Monday as something they had never seen before.

The two men were wolf hunting on the Earl Morris farm about 12 miles south of California when they observed lights approaching from the east. Ten lights in a sequence of white, green, perhaps a red and then an extremely bright blue. The lights were being similar to those on a Christmas tree except they were blinking at a rapid rate.

When the lights faded the Medlin place they charged course northwest and apparently went directly over California. The lights changed altitude up and down at a rate too slow for a jet but too fast for a helicopter. The lights were interesting to watch, they said, but they were unable to estimate the size or shape of the vehicle involved.

In recent weeks there have been numerous reports of unidentified flying objects in numerous reliable witnesses in the Midwest.

On hearing this report a reporter called Trapp P of the Highway Patrol to learn more of the details of the incident. What he learned from Base Air Force Base at Knob Nose made to the switchboard operator to speak to someone in regard to a sighting a UFO. After a slight delay an air force colonel answered and took down details. The colonel answered that a colonel was strong indicated the air force has strong interest in such sightings.

Cittle the air force did not specify the most likely explanation is that the object was a jet plane at high altitude. The particular air layers on the view could cause the illusion that the object was at low altitude. More recently, the object was equipped with a red navigation lights, green and white strobe lights. These lights give off a brilliant white light that could last only a few thousand of a second so intense that it could create the effect of the other lights. This might link at a continuous but must blink at a random rate.

This explanation does not cover the entire incident. Could it have been a ...


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

'Flying Saucers' Visit
Central Missouri Area

Flying saucers occupied the attention of two Boonsboro area groups last week, when reports of unidentified flying objects were made by observers near California, and a discussion in Fayette told of reports of them.

Raymond Harbour and Robert Crawford of California reported seeing unidentified lights about 1 a.m. on Jan. 30, as they were wolf hunting about 12 miles south of California. They observed lights approaching from the north.

The lights followed a sequence of white, green, red and then an extremely bright blue, the men reported, and described them as being similar to those on a Christmas tree except that they were blinking at a rapid rate.

The lights changed course, and appeared to go directly north. The men said that altitude up and down at varied rates, they moved too slowly to be aircraft or a helicopter. The two were unable to estimate the size or shape of the vehicle involved.

A spokesman at Whiteman Air Force Base said Thursday that while all planes are equipped with white, green and red navigation lights, more recently some have had strobe lights.

These lights give off a brilliant flash while light that lasts only a few thousands of a second and is so intense it could create a flash at a great distance. The lights going out or blinking. The strobe light cannot operate continuously but must blink at a rapid rate.

While no explanation of unidentifiable unidentified flying objects have been reported during the last 20 years, Dean James P. Thormorton said on Thursday. A professor at Central Methodist College in Fayette, he spoke at a meeting of the Round Table Club in Fayette.

Reported sightings of the UFO's number more than 10,000 during the two decades, he said. Dean Thogmorton said. While a large number of them have been accounted for, about 500 remain unexplained. He said, even as long ago as 1897, there was a report of a "cigar-shaped" flying object over Kansas by a former congressman, one Alexander Hamilton, who was attacked by Indians, was lassoed and carried away, with the carcass later found on another farm.

While the cigar shape was the most recent description of reported UFO's have been of saucer-shaped vehicles. Some of the witnesses have claimed to have gone aboard their vehicles. An "aerial display" of many disc-shaped UFO's maneuvering at high altitude was recorded in 1966. Other reports have come from various places in the world.

Dean Thogmorton told of the investigations by the Air Force in its "Project Bluebook" between 1952 and 1969 and of a civilian group called APRO (Aerial Phenomena Research Organization) which was dissatisfied with the Air Force investigations.

In recent weeks there have been numerous reports of unidentified flying objects by numerous reliable witnesses in the Midwest.

UFO Reported Over California

Flying saucers perhaps? Well, Raymond Harbour and Robert Crawford of California describe a phenomenon they witnessed at about 1 a.m. Monday as something they had never seen before.

On hearing this report, a reporter called Troop E of the Highway Patrol in California, who had other reports of the incident. While men Air Force Base at Knob Nose later was called. A request was made to the switchboard operator to contact the base. The operator said two men had wolf hunting on the Earl Morris farm about 12 miles south of California when they observed lights approaching from the east. The lights followed a series of white, green, red and then an extremely bright blue. The lights were described as being similar to those on a Christmas tree except that they were blinking at a rapid rate.

When the lights reached the Clyde Merlin place, they were northwest and apparently went directly over California. The men said that although the lights changed altitude up and down at various rates, they were too slow for a jet but too fast for a helicopter. The lights were interesting to watch, they said, but they were unable to estimate the size or shape of the vehicle involved.

In recent weeks there have been numerous reports of unidentified flying objects by numerous reliable witnesses in the Midwest.


- page 6 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 3151ST STRATEGIC MISSILE (SAC)
WHITEMAN AIR FORCE BASE MISSOURI 65301

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: BO
SUBJECT: UFO Sightings

TO: FTD (TDETR)

The following information is submitted in accordance with paragraph 11, AFR 80-17:

a. Description of the object:
    (1) Shape - N/A
    (2) Size - Pea
    (3) Color - blue, red, green, and white (lights only)
    (4) Number - N/A
    (5) Formation - N/A
    (6) Discernible features - N/A
    (7) Trails or exhausts - N/A
    (8) Sound - N/A
    (9) Other pertinent or unusual features: Rough motion, forward and backward.

b. Description of course of object:
    (1) What first called the attention of observer to object: Light of object.
    (2) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object when first observed: 25° - 30° above horizon - 20° north of east.
    (3) Angle of elevation of object upon disappearance: 25° above horizon due north.
    (4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object: From east to northwest, very erratic.
    (5) How did the object disappear? Gradually to north.
    (6) How long were the objects visible? 4 - 8 minutes.

Peace..... is our Profession


- page 7 -

c. Manner of observation:
(1) Ground - visual
(2) No optical aids

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) 30 January 1967, 0100 Central Standard or 0700 Greenwich
Time.

e. Location of observer: One and one half miles southeast of highway
87 and C junction, 12-13 miles south of California, Missouri.

f. Identifying information on observers:
(1) Civilians - Mr. [redacted], Route #3, California
Missouri, construction work and a reliable citizen and Mr. [redacted],
Route #3, California, Missouri, oil bulk agent, reliable
citizen.

g. Weather and winds - aloft conditions at time and place of
sightings:
(1) Clear and cold, no overcast
(2) Visibility - clear
(3) Amount of cloud cover - none
(4) Temperature - 30° Due point - 30°
(5) Wind - six knots, light and variable from the west

NOTE: A front was in area at the time, moving back into
Central Missouri area from Illinois, causing dense
fog by 0500 Central Standard Time.

(6) Balloons released at Columbia, Mo. at 0530, 30 January 1967
indicated:
SEC + 26°F                                   10,000' + 28°F
2,000' + 39°F                                15,000' + 10°F
3,000' + 51°F                                20,000' + 9°F
5,000' + 45°F                                25,000' + -30°F

h. Observers claimed a plane ( 2 engine ) flew over the area
immediately after the sighting, but no records of such a plane exist
for the area indicated.

2


- page 8 -

1. Preparing Officer - 2Lt S.T. Martin, Jr., Assistant Ground Training Officer, BOT, ext 3108, Box 693, Whiteman AFB, Missouri, 65301.

Personal interviews with the observers of the sightings, and I have found them very reliable and positive in relating their information.

However, after considerable discussion with our weather officer, 2Lt Made, I believe the "lights" were caused by weather conditions at that time which consisted of a front moving across the area causing radical vertical temperature changes. The source of the "lights" could have been a plane sighted in the area soon after the "lights" were seen.

FOR THE COMMANDER

SAMUEL T. MARTIN, JR., 2nd Lt, USAF
Asst Ground Training Officer
Base Operations and Training Division

3


- page 9 -

30 Jan 67

Colonel Brendle:

Colonel Adkins received following from Jack Crawford,
California Publishing Co., California, Mo.:

Two local, reliable business men reported an unidentified
flying object at 0100 this morning, 30 Jan. It approached
from the east from Russellville and went over the farm at which point it turned northwest and flew directly over
California, Mo. The object had lights that were white, green,
red and reddish blue, very bright, similar to Xmas tree lights.
They were cycling very fast, no sound involved, estimated
1/2 mile high. The object was going up and down at varying
rates of speed. Cannot estimate size or shape but observers
stated the motion was too slow for a plane and too fast for
a Helicopter.


- page 10 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

233.13
632.93
1.9681

2997
116.82
146.77
113
3.17

034
025
026


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

CONL

SEC + 23° F
200 + 47° F
300 + 5° F
3500 + 44° F
10000 + 28°
15 200 + 10
20 200 - 8°
-30 200 - 30°

MISC

NE 02 C010


- page 12 -

UFO SIGHTING QUESTIONNAIRE

Route 3, California, Mo.
(PLACE) (AFSN) (CITY OR ADDRESS) (PHONE NO.)

(Use back of page if more space is needed. Give all details)

1. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S):
a. Shape: N/A

b. Size (Compared to head of pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, basketball, etc., when held at arm's length): 
1/2 a

c. Color: White Red + green

d. Number: 1

e. Formation (if more than one): N/A

f. Recognizable features or details: None

g. Trails? Exhaust? Size: None

h. Sound emitted: None

i. Other features or comments:

2. COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
a. What first called your attention to the object? Light

b. Angle above the horizon and direction from your position when object was observed: 75-30% Above Horizon 20% North of East

c. Angle above the horizon and direction from your position when object disappeared: 75% Above Horizon - due North

d. Direction of movement/maneuvers of the object: Appeared to be erratic to altitude after turning North from East

e. How did the object disappear (suddenly to the North, etc)? Gradually

f. How long did you observe the object (1 min, 5 mins, 1 hour, etc)? From 4 to 7 minutes (estimate)

3. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
a. From ground, visual Yes. From air, visual _______.

From ground, electronic _______. Specify type of radar.


- page 13 -

3. Position at time of observation (Front of 506 March Drive, Control Tower at WATS, etc): Be specific.
1 1/2 miles S-E of Highway 87 & C Junction
1 1/2 - 13 miles South of California Mile

c. Did you use binoculars, telescope, etc? Yes ___ No ___
If yes, indicate Make, Model, Power, etc.

4. DATE AND TIME OF SIGHTING:
a. Date: JAN 30 1967
b. Time: 7:00 PM Local. 6 Hrs. Z.
c. Light conditions (Day, Night, Dusk, Dawn):

5. WEATHER CONDITIONS:
a. Describe the weather (Cloudy, Raining, Hot, Cold, etc):
Temperature - 28-36°
Clear except for few clouds just above
Horizon. No wind

6. REMARKS:

[Note: There is a black redaction bar at the bottom of the document]


- page 14 -

