PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE: 7 Apr 67
2. LOCATION: Turnersfalls, Mass.
3. SOURCE: P/CC302
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 2
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes 2 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: NW - NE
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (AIRCRAFT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer stated that the object appeared as a light. Brightness was compared to that of a star but was much brighter than that. Edges of object were light but we're able to distinguish outline. Object had no distinctive sound of its own.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Capt. L [my address]

Greenfield,
Mass. 01301

(Extraterrestrial Life)                My group

I have decided to major in U.F.O. science
& be an airline stewardess.

I have all clippings, papers, books, and
magazines on U.F.O.s. I like to read + study on
them.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Serial
164

Dear Sirs:

I didn't know what to do about what I saw the other night. I guess I lost my head + panicked.

I was over my girlfriend's house. We were fooling around, (writing) writing notes to a boy. As we were writing we were watching television at the same time.

At exactly 7:32 PM, I left her house. I stood out on the back porch looking around. The sky was dark off and the wind was blowing hard. After looking around I saw something in the sky at a 70° angle to an 85° angle. In the bright lights and was traveling at a speed of about 95-100 m.p.h.

I walked out into the street was turned to see if was coming. I looked up and saw the U.F.O. was on a down-ward slant towards me. I started running. I looked back to see it going at a lower angle. I started running faster & faster. I ran so fast that when I turned around I was in my drive way. When I got in the house I saw the thing just hovering about. Then just as fast as it came it went! I was so frightened that I was white for the rest of


- page 3 -

The night I was scared stiff. I couldn't even hold a glass of water in my hands.

That is my story. I know I shouldn't have panicked but I just jumped at the chance of running. Those were just his instructions - what to do - and I ran. All the way home!

I'll place this letter into consideration.

I don't wish to reveal my last name, for fear of being laughed at and called a hen. Please write back as soon as you can. And I'm sure my group would like to have some information C.F.C.S. Thanks.

Sincerely,
Thank You.


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
25th April 67
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 7: 30
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other __________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Montague City     Turners Falls   Mass.
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Time Duration)
    15: 20
    Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Clocked w/ Clock
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No ✓

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 52 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

(Circle One):
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Brighter than anything!

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: light but quite to
different outside.

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES - Fade or slowing gone
Object was d'appeared because of some break up mechanism and then perhaps reappear through some formation mechanism)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   YES   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
moved behind: Something Similar to a self
Might have been @)

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   YES   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:   Another UFO!

17. Tell in a few words the following things about this object:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: Brightest White Possible

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? ALL OF IT

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as size, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The document includes two hand-drawn sketches of UFO-like objects with arrows indicating movement]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 400 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [No response]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other Residential section of town.

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         f. Southwest         h. Northwest
c. East              d. Southeast

24.2 How fast were you moving? [No response] miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses        Yes   No     e. Binoculars       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses       Yes   No     f. Telescope        Yes   No
c. Window            Yes   No     g. Theodolite       Yes   No
d. Window glass      Yes   No     h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Overturned dinner plate.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during this course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? two
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Yes. Approx 18 miles c April 29th, '67

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
[Personal details mostly redacted, visible details:]
City: Greenfield
State: Mass.
Age: 12½
Sex: F

Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I was out my counting trees. We/he/that was driving on them c saw a U.F.O. my uncle said it was no plane. It had no sound - light (lights) & moving my dot.

Each color was its special to represent a light. Color - white, yellow, & orange.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
NONE. They wouldn't believe me!


- page 10 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   May   62
    (Day)   (Month)   (Year)

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 11 -

AIRCRAFT (POSSIBLE)

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFBD)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO                                     26 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, Apr 67

TO: [Redacted]
Greenfield, Massachusetts 01301

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 12 -

