PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
    DATE 67    02/01062

2. LOCATION
    QUEENS, NEW YORK    (JAMAICA)

3. SOURCE
    -

10. CONCLUSION
    Possible (AIRBORNE/W ADVERTISING SIGN)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
    One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
    45 Minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
    The observer sighted an object that looked like a flying disc with rotating lights. The object came from the East turned and disappeared toward the West. The observer said the object also did some TV 1/2 the 900 was circling the area, he television picture became distorted.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
    Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
    -

COMMENTS: All of the witnesses listed by the observer were some form 117's but none returned these forms. The Queens Police Dept. was contacted to determine if anyone had reported any unusual objects to them on that date, they replied that they had received no reports. We contacted no other persons Jan 1 or 2. The description is similar to that for an electrical aerial advertising sign. These signs are attached to slow moving small aircraft 1/2 or helicopter and are often reported as UFO's. The aircraft may also caused the interference with the observer's television.

8. PHOTOS
    G Yes
    X No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
    G Yes
    X No

FORM 164A, AGO 5220 (TDG)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 30 ± 50 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? 1500 ± 2000 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other ____________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

Two flying discs close with lights (rotating or moving)


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show height the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place an "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document is Page 5 and contains three numbered questions with accompanying diagrams and compass illustrations.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Date 7-22-57
1761 N. Cruger Ave Bronx 72 NY
North East

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) [Yes] No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes [No]
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted text with some visible words like "after" and "students"]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] Bayside Queens 1134 N.Y.S.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted] AGE 27 SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
I have been interested in UFO sighting since high school and have stood many watch while in Service - Navy, CA [partially illegible]. I am trying to bring radio wave off surface. I from interested state. Electronic technician is my background & I have the interest now to be a part of the space program of which I am really interested.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
SUNDAY -21 10 67 Dept of Air Force
Federal Building
Washington 25 DC


- page 4 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    Sunday-8    10    67
                                                     (day)   (month)  (year)

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

When the object (UFO) while circling the general area
the frequency signal on the television became distorted and
visible portion was off and of sync. There wasn't any noise
coming from the object.

It seemed to be on an observation course of general
scanning pattern.

Also I saw due west at 275° a bright star was being
circled & by red lights and at 60° SE another star was being circled
by a red light(an odd object).


- page 5 -

October 5, 1967

Dear Mr.

Reference your letter of October 1, without complete information, we cannot make an accurate analysis of your sighting.

If you will, therefore, complete the attached questionnaire and send it in the postage free envelope we are enclosing to the address given on this envelope, it is quite possible that you will be able to find out what you saw.

Sincerely,

Civil Branch
Community Relations Div.
Office of Information

Attachment

Bayside, Queens, New York 11364


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Bequels Queens 113
Date 10-1-67
Tele.

Hqt of Air Force
Federal Building
Washington 25 DC.

Dear Sir:

Title: Report of Sighting of unidentified Flying Object
Date: 10-1-67 E.S.T. 2100 hrs to 2145 hrs
Description of UFO:

[There is a hand-drawn sketch of a UFO with red lights]

Then Figured 360° due East

Place of Sighting: 67 th Que + 224 St Baynos Queens
                   360° Bank → 2000 feet

[The document includes a hand-drawn map/diagram showing the path of the object]

The last line of text at the bottom is partially cut off and mostly illegible.


- page 7 -

I have stood watching while a service and I could tell aircraft from billeting and various other aircraft. This UFO sighting was with a the naked eye and moving. I have not seen before.

I will be willing to answer any questions where further.

Please let me know by return mail if I could be of any assistance.

[Signature appears to be blacked out/redacted]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

TDPT (UFO) Lt Col Quintanilla/70916/mds/26 Apr 68

UFO Observation, October 1, 1967

Mr.
Bayside, Queens, New York 11364

Reference your unidentified flying object (UFO) observation of October 1, 1967. We have attempted to contact witnesses to your sighting without success. If you could supply us with the complete names and exact addresses of as many of the witnesses as possible, it would be helpful in our investigation. Your assistance in this matter is appreciated.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
self-addressed envelope


- page 9 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DETI (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, October 1, 1967

TO: [Redacted]
Bayside, Queens, New York 11364

Reference your unidentified flying object (UFO) observation of October 1, 1967. We have attempted to contact witnesses to your sighting without success. If you could supply us with the complete names and exact addresses of as many of the witnesses as possible, it would be helpful in our investigation. Your assistance in this matter is appreciated.

[Signature]
NEWTON C. MCKINNELY, JR., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
self-addressed envelope

NAME: [Partially redacted]
RESIDENTS: [Partially redacted]
AND OTHERS Residents of Same Court
"will not give name"

Some some of the residents at the place detained were previously contacted but little proceeded, no further action is considered necessary at this late date.

[Signature]


- page 10 -

DFPM (UFO) Lt Col H Quintanilla/70916/msa/25 Apr 68

UFO Observation, 1 October 1967

Queens Police Department
Queens, New York 11429

1. The Aerial Phenomena Office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object (UFO) report from Bayside, Queens, New York, which occurred on 1 October 1967 at approximately 9 pm, EDT.

2. The observer sighted what he described as a flying disc with lights on it and observed it for approximately 45 minutes.

3. Did you receive any reports of unusual objects for this date? We would appreciate your comments as to a possible cause for this sighting.

4. Thank you for your assistance on this matter.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate


- page 11 -

POLICE DEPARTMENT
CITY OF NEW YORK
NEW YORK 13, N. Y.

May 21, 1968

Department of The Air Force
Headquarters Foreign Technology Division, (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Attn of: TDPT (UFO), Lt. Colonel, Hector Quintanilla, USAF

Subject: UFO OBSERVATION, 1 OCTOBER 1967 AT 9:00 P.M., IN
THE VICINITY OF BAYSIDE, QUEENS.

1. Records of this Command, Re: Your request of
October 1, 1967 are as follows:

a. The Bayside area of Queens is in the confines of
the 111 precinct. Records of this command disclose
no report of any UFO sightings at 9:00 p.m., on
October 1, 1967.

b. A further check of adjacent precincts in the area
were made and also disclose no UFO sightings in the
area.

Thomas McCrink,
Lieutenant,
Communications
Section Queens.

POLICE DEPARTMENT
CITY OF NEW YORK
QUEENS COMMUNICATIONS


- page 12 -

HQ UFO (Maj Quintanilla)/70916/mhs/25 Oct 67)                                OCT 25 1967

UFO Observation, October 1, 1967

224-293           224-29A           224-39B           67th Avenue
                                                      Bayside, Queens, New York 11364

1. The Aerial Phenomena Branch is investigating an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting which occurred on October 1, 1967. The witness saw the object east of your position between 8 and 9:45 PM, EDT, and reported that residents at the above address also observed the object.

2. If residents of your apartment did see this object, please complete the enclosed FTD Form 164; if they did not observe anything, request you state so on the enclosed form.

3. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

GEORGE C. MWATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems                1 Atch
                                                     FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 13 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Sunday-1   10   67
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day:
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Queens 1364    New York
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0   45   30
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes WDR 164, dtd 31 MAY 61, which is obsolete.


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[No text entered]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [handwritten text partially illegible, appears to say something about "light around object"]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
                Yes   No   Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?        
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   Yes   No   Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?            Yes   No   Don't know
d. Give off smoke?                            Yes   No   Don't know
e. Change brightness?                         Yes   No   Don't know
f. Change shape?                              Yes   No   Don't know
g. Flash or flicker?                          Yes   No   Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?                    Yes   No   Don't know


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
By finding rest until visual contact was lost, then unaffected by fading west

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes [No] Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes [No] Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound No sound could be heard for object

b. Color Oxidize color of ship was complete

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
One quarter of the object was covered.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a UFO is included, with labels such as "Oxidize Color", "Stationary", and directional arrows]


- page 16 -

