PROJECT 10279 RECORD

1. DATE/TIME GROUP: 15/00352
2. LOCATION: Irvington, New Jersey
3. SOURCE: -
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 70 Seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Continuous/Visual
7. COURSE: -
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Probable (HOT AIR BALLOON)

Description is consistent with those of a hot air balloon.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observers watched a bright light which was round in shape and orange in color. The object was traveling in a straight flight path. It turned and went toward the case. There was a mother object from which the smaller object discharged.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FTP Form 164
mailed 2-16-67

Irvington, N.J.
02711
Feb 16 1967

Dear Sirs

On Feb 14 1967 and
I spotted a orange color star, soon
it displaced a smaller orange object,
Earth, it was sparkling and leaving
no smoke trail of any sort evident
it.

Once idea was so moderate but
it would have left a trail, when
it fluctuated. Another was the
idea of a fire or super nova
but it would be too strong to
react up. Yet is a orange star
so that led us to the idea
of contacting space for it
is a UFO. We want you to
know about it.

I am a 9th grader at North Ave
Jr. H.S. The eyes many protested upon
that led out another factor.

Please Reply for you know
Thank You

Irvington, N.J.
CN 111


- page 2 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
14 Feb 67 15/0035Z

2. LOCATION
Irvington, New Jersey

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (?) Prob Hot Air Balloon

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched a bright light which was round in shape and orange in color. The object was traveling in a straight flight path when it turned and went toward the east. There was a mother object from which the smaller object discharged.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
70 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
NE

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

The sighting occurred in a heavy aircraft density area. Description is consistent with that of an aircraft observation. A study of the submitted data suggests that the observers probably saw an aircraft approaching, one of the local airports.

Description is consistent with Those Hot Air Balloon

FORM
00 - A07
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

2 witnesses


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
14 Feb 67
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 7:22
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern*
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Irvington    New Jersey
City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0    1    2
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. (Not very sure)
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Looked at clock about 2 seconds

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY    NIGHT
a. Bright    a. Bright
b. Cloudy    b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light?
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know

Page 2


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
cast out and soon blurred out

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   pt much no sound
b. Color:   it was orange and glow i

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match.   If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
one half of the object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.   Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a circular object with annotations "bright orange light" and arrows indicating movement]

Blurred + <- <- <-


- page 6 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other (be specific) list

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text in section 26 is partially illegible]

Page 4 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved lines to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 3
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

These was like a mother object from which the object discharged


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names [redacted]
Irvington, New Jersey

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [street redacted] Irvington, New Jersey
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 19   SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I am an amateur astronomer very interested in certain planets, cosmic and possibilities of life & I have seen many meteors, comets etc. in mine like this.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
19     February 1967
Day       Month       Year
I wrote directly to NICAP


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    23    February    1967
                                              Day    Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I was out with my 60X telescope we were looking at the moon when I sighted a strange orange star & through moving of this strange object, then being out on a rising star, communicating into glance past to the last then I sighted a look like star back up. I ran for a better view. Bay proceeded slightly, I was nervous, at a while soon at disappearance.


- page 10 -

