The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, a US Air Force investigation of UFO reports.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. TIME GROUP 1/0835Z
2. LOCATION Karthus, Pa.
10. CONCLUSION POSSIBLE (PING-PONG)
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 2
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 5 mins.
8. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Visual
9. COURSE
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was a batch white and 3 times brighter than the brightest satellite. Object exhibited a rapid right path. Observer stated object appeared to be a man-made satellite. Object disappeared by fading out of sight.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this document. The document appears to be a page from an old UFO report from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
Yes, am American or Russian satellite. Couple years ago, several times but they weren't so bright.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Dr. Boris ADDRESS 123 Main St., La., 58201 TELEPHONE NUMBER 51 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I was a pilot in WWII (may not have). Have had course in college astronomy.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? To AF UFO 7 June 1967
also reported immediately to a friend.

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a questionnaire or report form, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR (Optical Character Recognition) Output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 22 June 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely containing a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO 

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 1 June 1967

TO: Dubois, Pennsylvania 15801

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Please complete the attached FTD FORM 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

Report not 4/3/67 g yp

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed letter from the Office of Information at the Community Relations Division of the Civil Branch, addressed to Mr. Dubin in Pennsylvania. The letter discusses the observer's recent correspondence about an unidentified satellite observation on June 4, 1957. The letter provides details about the satellite's estimated stellar magnitude, apparent size, and trajectory, and concludes with the signature of Barnett F. Young, the Lt. Colonel, USAF of the Community Relations Division.

Here is the full text of the document:

Dear Mr. Dubin,

This replies to your recent correspondence on your unidentified observation of June 4, 1957. 

Investigation indicates that you observed ECHO II, this particular satellite, with an estimated stellar magnitude of about 0.0 to approximately 0.5, and an apparent size of from about 1/3 to 1/2 degree. As approximately 0345, EST, June 4, 1957, ECHO II would have been travelling over central Iowa on a southeasterly heading. The satellite would have entered the earth's shadow at approximately 35.5 latitude, which would have accounted for its disappearance in the ISW.

Sincerely,

BARNETT F. YOUNG
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Civil Branch
Community Relations Division 
Office of Information

SAFCICC                SAFTIC
____________________  ____________________

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official document related to a UFO observation report.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 4 June 1967

TO: DUBOIS, PENNSYLVANIA 15801

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. The text appears to be a letter from Raymond Nelson to the U.S. Air Force describing an unusual object he saw in the sky on the morning of June 4, 1967. The letter describes the object as a brilliant light that moved quickly and appeared to be an American or Russian satellite. Nelson expresses uncertainty about the nature of the object and asks for the recipient's opinion.

The text of the letter is as follows:

UFO Investigations
U.S. Air Force
Gentlemen:

I wish to report my seeing an unusual object in the sky:

On the morning of June 4, 1967 I sighted this light in the sky at about 5:00 AM. It was a brilliant object. It shone several times or more brilliance of the brightest star in the sky. From my location in South Huntington it appeared in the sky at about RBM and in a couple minutes had moved to about WSW where it quickly faded completely from view. 

It was an elevation of about 45 degrees above the horizon. I possible think this was an American or Russian satellite, possibly a guess as to the nature of the object. I would be interested in knowing your opinion.

Sincerely,
Raymond Nelson
Major, AR Res.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire form to be filled out.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 16 day june 1967 year
2. Time of day: 0330 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Karhlus Karlha Pa.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Hours 30 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Guess or estimate
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. DAY b. NIGHT c. Bright d. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Straight overhead f. Don't remember

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text from the document:

IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Fewer
c. More
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight at all, pitch dark
d. Don't remember

What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer
d. Don't know

Compare brightness to some common object: (Brighter than an airplane, brightest star in planet, etc.)

The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other
d. Don't remember

Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and dart away? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Unusual and disappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 9 -

There is no photograph or image present in this page of the Project Blue Book document. The document appears to be a questionnaire or form with various questions about a reported UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it disappeared - suddenly

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Bright white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the hand of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
3 believe all of it would have been covered

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The text found in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it disappeared - suddenly

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Bright white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the hand of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
3 believe all of it would have been covered

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a document from Project Blue Book, likely a UFO report form.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 27 went from about 340" to 250"-m 5 min

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 23. Were you (Circle One)
a. Inside a building 
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A man middle satellite

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather several sketches and diagrams related to UFO sightings. The first sketch shows the line of sight of an observed object above the horizon, with instructions to mark the object's position on a curved line. The second sketch is a compass rose diagram, with instructions to mark the object's position on the compass. The third sketch shows the motion path of an observed object, with instructions to draw the path and indicate any changes in direction.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "G" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 12 -

