PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE : TIME GROUP
21 Feb 67   22/0600Z

2. LOCATION
Englewood, Colorado

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astro(Aldebaran)   Pos. Night Sky Obs.
Aldebaran was on Az of 272 deg at an El of 24 deg

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched a peach colored object in the western sky that later changed to a more reddish color. Object was just above the mountain. The object was at approximately a 45 degree elevation above the horizon. Object was in view for about five minutes before the observer stopped watching. The object did not disappear.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes plus

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Basically Stationary

This description is consistent with that of an astronomical object. The star, Aldebaran was at the approximate location of the unknown and could account for the observation.

8. PHOTOS
Yes
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
No

FTD FORM
SEP 65 0-525 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

HQ TECHNICAL AIR TRAINING CENTER (ATC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE, 80230, Colorado

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: XPOP
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

Date: 24 Feb 1967

TO:

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information will be filed in and then forwarded immediately to Plans/Program attention XSC2.

a. Description of the Object(s):

(1) Shape: Round

(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: head of pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) in size: Larger than known object.

(3) Color: Peach

(4) Number: One

(5) Formation, if more than one: [blank]

(6) Any discernible features or details: Changed to reddish color on heading West toward mountains.

(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None

(8) Sound. If heard, describe sound: None

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: None


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

b. Description of course of Object(s):

(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
Returning from bathroom and glanced out window.

(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the Object(s) when first observed:
45 degrees

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:
[blank]

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of Object(s):
Heading SW then West towards and landing on mountain.

(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.)
Still visible

(6) How long was the object(s) visible. (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc)
5 minutes plus

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Was one or any combination of the following items: Ground-Visual, ground - Electronic, air Electronic. ( If electronic, specify type of radar.)
Ground visual

(2) Equipment as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) used and description thereof:
None

(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.
[blank]

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date-group of sighting:
22/0600Z Feb 67   2300 MST

2


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

(2) Light conditions. (Use one of the following terms: Night, day)
Night

c. Location of Observer(s): Exact latitude and longitude of each observer,
and/or geographical position. A point with reference to a known landmark
also should be given in electrical reports, such as "2mi N of Deville's" 3rd
SW of Blue Lake. Typographical errors or "pegging" often make electrical
transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

EXAMPLE: 89 45N, 192 71W for 39 45N, 102 21W.
                                Englewood

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):

(1) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of
reliability.
Mrs. ____. Three stated it was not a figment of her
imagination.

(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of
reliability.

g. Weather and winds -- Short conditions at time and place of sighting:

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions.   Clear

(2) Report from nearest NWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind
direction and velocity at target, and known wind surface, 6,000', 10,000', 16,000',
20,000', 30,000', 50,000', or 80,000' if available.

(3) Ceiling.   Clear

(4) Visibility.   plus 15

(5) Amount of cloud cover.   None

(6) Thunderstorms in area or quadrant in which located.   None

3


- page 4 -

h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.
None

i. Interception of identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever possible, complying with existing Air Defense directives).
None

j. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting.
Heavy traffic in Denver areas.

k. Possible title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).
Possible aircraft.

l. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.
[No text entered]

[Signature]
EDWARD E. VINES, Major, USAF
Chief, Operations Services Division

4


- page 5 -

