Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
7-7-67     2002

2. LOCATION
Mt. Auburn, Indiana

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Possible Aircraft

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object resembled a 500 watt bulb at a close distance. In color. Object had exhaust trails if red and green tail. Observer stated object disappeared at west reported.

LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 min.

TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

COURSE
[blank]

PHOTOS
Yes
No

PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
Yes
No

FORM
TO S.P. 63 0-629 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

AIRCRAFT (POSSIBLE)

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
5 M July 1967
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 9 00
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern     (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Central                   b. Standard
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Crab Bridge City Mt. Carmel   Ind. Woods
Nearest Postal Address        City or Town         State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)        10
                                  Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain     c. Not very sure
                      d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Clock
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No ✓

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                           NIGHT
a. Bright                     a. Bright
b. Cloudy                     b. Cloudy
(Day option circled)

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. in front of you     d. To your left
             b. in back of you       e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

FOR       Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative Reference Service
OCT 62 164   This form supersedes PTO 106, 1 JUL 61, which is obsolete.       May 1965


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter then the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Bright Light Standing Red Glow

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Shortly outlined
d. Don't remember

o. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response is illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   [No]   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [No response]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   [No]   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what in front of: [No response]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound
b. Color: White

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Handwritten response includes the word "object"]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Handwritten notes include "New exhaust trails" and "object"]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 2 miles/hr

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3 miles/high

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southwest        f. Southeast         h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses        Yes
b. Sun glasses       Yes
c. Windshield        Yes
d. Window glass      Yes

e. Binoculars        Yes
f. Telescope         Yes
g. Tried-line        Yes
h. Other 20 & eyes   Yes

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Cigar shape


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A—B        Toward 'SS        From 'SS

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? _________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

There were no objs.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and locations.

July 8, 1967 Frony Yard

Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

Please list their names and addresses:

Cognizant out
Ind.

Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS R.F. Complete, Ind.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 13 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

I like Astronomy

And to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

Sun July 12, 1967


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     11     July     1967
    Day     Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:     We took photographs


- page 8 -

