The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document related to the U.S. Air Force's investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 1/ 6DU 67 28/00H0Z
3. SOURCE: Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual 
7. COURSE: NE
8. TYPE OF OBJECT: XX Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Sighting (INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

TEDDY/UFO (Capt L Marley/70916/mna/26 Jun 67)
UFO OBSERVATION, 17 FEBRUARY 1967

ELKINS PARK, PENNSYLVANIA 19117

This replies to your recent correspondence in which you mentioned our unidentified observation of 17 February 1967, and our subsequent scientific investigation.

The original negative was needed to perform a scientific investigation. Since you cannot supply the original negative data sheet and film, this office is unable to continue with the scientific investigation.

When you can supply the original negative data sheet and film, this office will be glad to continue the scientific investigation. The completion of the analysis is required to return your negative.

JAMES C. HANNANT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technical Information Division
1. Atom
2. Film Panoramic 16 m/m*/slips
3. Photographic Data Sheet

COORDINATION:
TEDDY/UFO                 DATE 23 AUG 67
DATE 7 SEP 67

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains text describing various photographic data, such as the type and make of camera used, the type and make of lens, the brand and type of film, the shutter speed used, the lens opening used, the filters used, and whether a tripod or solid stand was used. The text also mentions that the exact direction the camera was pointing with relation to true north, and the minimum camera data required if supplemental information is unavailable.

PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA
1. Type and make of camera Kodak 120 Camera 14.
2. Type, focal length, and make of lens
3. Brand and type of film KODACHROME (color 35mm)
4. Shutter speed used 1/500 of a second (positive)
5. Lens opening used: that is, "f" stop 16
6. Filters used NONE
7. Was tripod or solid stand used Solid stand
8. Was "panning" used 
9. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true North, and its angle with respect to the horizon (e.g. 315 degrees azimuth, 45 degrees elevation)
10. If supplemental information is unobtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type and make of camera, and the smallest and largest "f" stop and shutter speed readings of the camera.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the "U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" questionnaire.

The text found in the document is as follows:

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements that you make, unless you indicate that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 7 FEB 67 Day Month Year

2. Time of day: 7:00 Hour Minute (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other _____

4. Where were you when you saw the object? 112 Elkins, Park, Pennsylvania State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Hours Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was it determined? a. Certain b. Approximately c. Not very sure d. Just a guess __ 

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes / No

6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy NIGHT a. Bright b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In back of you b. To your left c. Overhead d. To your right

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT OF NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent

a. As a light
b. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: __________________________

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Suddenly stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with questions about an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:
b. Color:
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you may such as wings, protrusions, etc., and indicate specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

OCR Output:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:
b. Color:
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? ABOUT 1/3 VERY LARGE AND CUSP SHAPED OBJECTED LITTLE OVER
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you may such as wings, protrusions, etc., and indicate specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was the United States Air Force's systematic study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page contains a questionnaire with various questions about the observation of an unidentified object, such as its speed, distance, location, and other details.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. Under water
e. Underwater (type)
f. At sea
g. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying in an aircraft?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

[The rest of the questionnaire continues with similar questions about the observation.]

- page 7 -

This image contains a sketch or diagram rather than a photograph. The sketch depicts a diagram with various compass directions and angles, as well as instructions for the viewer to imagine a sighting of an object above the horizon.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with questions and responses.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before?
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 12 SEX: Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year [REDACTED]

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. The page contains a form with questions, and the text provided in the image is the handwritten response to one of the questions.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is:

"KEEP SEEING LARGE LIGHTS, APPARENTLY CLOSE TO THE GROUND IN PARK AREA EARLY MORNING NOISE APPARENTLY CAUSING SENSATION OF VIBRATION IN CHEST UNUSUAL LARGE LIGHTS NOTED PREVIOUSLY SIGHTED GROUND LEVEL"

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

FLYING SAUCER, PA. FEB.

THOSE QUINTINNELLA
LEE BRIGHTFATLSON
DAYTON, OHIO.

Sir:
I am writing to you to tell you of a ufo sighting of
on the morning of FEB. 17(1967).
I was at my desk, gathering my papers up into my briefcase, when suddenly i spied a glowing object in the sky.
MY CAMERA WAS LOADED, T
GOR MY DESK, BECAUSE I HAD JUST TAKEN SOME PICTURES
THROUGH MY WINDOW THAT DAY PARTY.
I STILL HAVE THE NEGATIVES, ORIGINAL CAMERA SHOT, SLIDE, PLEASE DO NOT THINK
I AM A WIERDO, OR A CRACKPOT.
I SAY IT FLUCHUATED IT.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a typed letter on a typewriter.

Text in the image:

Major B. Quinn Farrill: 
Re: Evaluation of U.P.O.
photo of 17 Feb., 1957.

Dear Major Farrill:

This is in reference to my report of the evaluation of the U.F.O. photo taken on 17 Feb., 1957 from Villanova University.

I appreciate that you feel that I should a bit more clear in my evaluation of your original photograph. I wanted to postpone the submission of my evaluation because it is a complex study and will require me to make a careful and thorough analysis before giving you my final conclusions.

However, I understand your desire to have a prompt response so I will proceed with an initial evaluation for you now. I would like to advise that this may be subject to some revision later as the multiple exposures necessitate a careful analysis which takes some time. 

The exposures are multiple because of the overlapping frame outlines. Many rolls of negatives indicate this multiple exposure phenomenon. This fact alone would make a definitive interpretation difficult. I am concerned also that the "saucer-like" object which you consider the U.F.O. may actually be an artifact caused by the multiple exposure in the process.

I must advise that on the basis of the evidence before me, I cannot state with certainty that a definite U.F.O. is shown in the photograph. However, I would not want to rule out the possibility entirely without a more complete analysis. I would suggest that you consider the scientific aspects of the case rather than the sensational. Please know that I will be as thorough and objective as possible in reaching my final conclusions. I appreciate your patience and understanding in this matter. Thank you.

Sincerely,
(signature redacted)

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document states:

THAT OBJECT WAS THERE.  
I SINCERELY HOPE THAT  
YOU GIVE THIS CASE SOME THOUGHT.  
I'M ABOUT TO FEEL FREE TO CONTACT  
ANY MORE INFORMATION.  

CORDIALLY MAY  
YOURS,  
[Redacted]

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with handwritten text that says "This case includes TWO (2) 8X10 B&W PHOTOS".

Text from the document:
This case includes
TWO (2) 8X10 B&W PHOTOS

- page 14 -

The image appears to contain a blurry, indistinct photograph or image. There are no clearly identifiable objects or features in the image. The image seems to be a black and white document or photograph that has been marked as "UNCLASSIFIED" by the "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC".

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 15 -

The image appears to show an abstract, blurry shape resembling a flying object or unidentified aerial phenomenon. There are no clearly defined details or identifiable objects in the image.

COPY OF TRANSCRIPT:

COPY OF TRANSCRIPT:

CASE # 9666070

ELKINS PARK, PENNSYLVANIA
9 FEBRUARY 1967

SUBJECT SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT

SUMMARY: The witness, a 51-year-old male, reported observing a bright, oval-shaped object in the sky at approximately 2230 hours on 9 February 1967. The witness stated the object appeared to be about 50-75 feet in diameter and was traveling at a high rate of speed. The object was observed for approximately 2-3 minutes before disappearing from view. No sound was heard by the witness. No physical trace evidence was found at the site.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather handwritten text on a blank page. The text provided includes the name "Adam Schneider", an address "822 Forest Avenue, Elkins Park, PA 19117", and the number "17 feb 67".

Adam Schneider
822 Forest Avenue
Elkins Park, PA 19117

17 feb 67

- page 17 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present on this page of the Project Blue Book document. The page contains text that describes an observation made on 17 Feb 67.

EUEN: Ltr fm Observation 17 Feb 67.
This youngster is trying to pick an argument with regards to the analysis of his sighting. (The judge is doing their best to calm their feelings and his feelings regardless of whether their conclusions are correct.) We should just let it go at that.

ECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF

WPAFB (WP), Ohio  15 Jan 68

- page 18 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it is a scanned document from Project Blue Book, specifically a Memo Routing Slip. The text in the document is as follows:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
TO: USAF (SAFOTRC)
MAJOR STILES
REMARKS:
This man doesn't like our evaluations of his photos. I don't evaluate the photos, the photo people do and I'm sure with their evaluation, which I like, they don't like this evaluation and the only thing that I will agree to is that this man has a perfect right to disagree with our evaluation.
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
FD-4
PTD (TEST/LIGO)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
DD 1089.95 Ltri-3 Oct 67
70916

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

Transcription of the text in the image:

Dear Major Quintanilla,

I am forwarding to you the results of my investigative efforts concerning a U.F.O. sighting and photograph which was forwarded to me by Major David R. Shea (acting Chief, Information Division, Office of Information, Washington, D.C.). The results are as follows:

1. The photograph in question was not forwarded with the investigative report. It would be most helpful if the photograph could be made available for analysis.

2. Point to point measurements of the object seem to indicate that it was quite large, as the claim being made is that the object was approximately 200 feet in diameter. This measurement, if accurate, would seem to make it unlikely to be a hoax or a miniature model.

3. If you were to examine such a photograph, I would suggest looking for evidence which would either support or negate the claim that this is sufficient evidence of a multiple UFO manifesting itself.

At this time, I do not feel that the evidence is sufficient to conclude that this is a multiple UFO manifesting itself. I await your comments and the photograph, if available.

Sincerely,
[Signature]

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

"Exposure 3 points c" states that the entire object was illuminated with the exception of a definite cone-shape on the top front part of the object. This cone and the cap were black, while the rest of the object was bright white. Some of the details described
include:
1. Point "D" says that "the general appearance of the objects can incorrectly
be thought this object appeared mercurial, in the view, with many even I
eyes. I believe that you should re-evaluate your findings."
Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a US Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

The text in the document reads as follows:

SAP-OICC/J Turnure/sp/16522/2* Oct 67

SECT 84 1947

Dear Sir,

This will reply to your letter of October 9, 1967, to Major Richard F. Hinkle, Headquarters Air Force Liaison. 

We are sorry that you believe there are discrepancies in the handling of your photographic - (negatives?) you might be interested in sending the original negative(s) to Dr. Edward U. Condon, CUFOS Institute, University of Colorado, Boulder, Colorado 80302, for photographic analysis. This is a part of their investigation of unidentified flying objects and is searching for a photographic or a home film UFO.

Sincerely,

DAVID L. STERNER
Major, USAF, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Midlane Park, Pennsylvania 19117

- page 22 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

SAF-OICC/Wright-Patterson/J. Turnure/bo/7509 7/21 Bsp 67
SEP 21 1967

Dear Sir,

Reference your unidentified flying object observation and subsequent photographs which you made on February 17, 1967, the Aerial Phenomena Branch is pleased to provide you with this information for analysis. The results are as follows:

a. Examination of the negative reveals this to be a multiple exposure. This is evidenced by the multiple frames outline and irregular light and dark areas of the negative.

b. The size of the image relative to the frame size indicates the object was very close. Since no camera data is included, an exact determination of size is not possible.

c. The image shows a definite distortion with the suggestion of a definite object. However, the blur could be caused by motion of the object, however, if this were the case, there should also be blurred.

d. The general appearance of the image suggests that it is an unprocessed image. The graininess and lack of detail suggests an unprocessed image.

In summary, your photograph was a multiple exposure and the image suggests a process with the film.

Enclosed is your original negative and an 8" x 10" black-and-white print. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,
DAVID L. EPPES
Major, USAF, Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Elkins Park, Pennsylvania 19117
Footnote: SAF-OIC
Telephone: SAF-012
Activity by: SAF-012 Telephone

- page 23 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page of text from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text that I was able to extract from the image:

"It is reported to us by the Major, Elkins Park, Pennsylvania, who thoroughly investigated the sighting, that at approximately 7:15 A.M. on 9 February 1967, a family of four reported seeing two unidentified flying objects moving rapidly in the sky over Elkins Park, Pennsylvania.

The objects were described as round, flat, discs, approximately 8-10 feet in diameter, and silvery in color. The objects were observed to be moving rapidly in a northwesterly direction at an altitude of approximately 2,000 feet. The sighting lasted for approximately 20-30 seconds.

The observers were the father, mother, and two teenage children, all of whom were deemed to be reliable and unexcited witnesses. There was no evidence of hoax or hallucination, and the witnesses were considered to be sane, normal individuals.

WILLIAM H. FISHER
INVESTIGATOR
U.S. ARMY MATERIEL COMMAND

ROBERT BOLDER, JR.
MAJOR, USAF
CHIEF, INVESTIGATIONS, AFOSR"

- page 24 -

