Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT BLUE BOOK RECORD

Date: February 1967
Location: Glendale, California

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (AIRCRFT)
No data presented to indicate object could not have been an A/C.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated object was shaped like a passenger A/C but no wings. Object disappeared over the hills in NW direction.

Other details:
- Number of Objects: One
- Length of Observation: 2 minutes
- Type of Observation: Ground-Visual
- Course: N/A
- Photos: No
- Physical Evidence: No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   April 18 1967
                                                    Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

My twin daughters were with me on our East Patio. I called their attention to thething. Just past overhead-going NW over Verduro Hills was moving too slow for an air plane to remain in the air miles it was going to land


- page 2 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFBTC)
WRIGHT PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO                                                   14 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, February 1967

TO: [redacted]
     Glendale, California 91203

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems                1 Atch
                                                     FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Letterhead with location: Glendale, California]
Manufacturers of [redacted] Products
March 17, 67.

Edwards Air Psse.
Gentlemen:

My twin daughters, 6 years of age and I were sitting on our East Patio, I believe it was three weeks ago last Sunday when something went over us.

Looked like a wingless plane; could have been as long as the 707, maybe longer.

Had no wings; box like house on the back.

It moves slowly North West; our home is in the Verdugo Hills, on the extreme South tip of the Hills. 1720 Hillcrest.

As far as I know, any plane used by civilians could not have maintained altitude at the slow speed it was moving.

I have tried many angles, Police Dept. Lockheed, test pilot at Lockheed, civilians by the dozen. No one saw it other than we three.

None of us drink anything stronger than coffee!
Know what it was?

Sincerely,
[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?

2. Time of day:
Hour                Minutes
(Circle One):   A.M.   or   P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One):   a. Eastern           (Circle One):   a. Daylight Saving
               b. Central                           b. Standard
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?   In back patio at home-
                                             2 California
                                             City or Town            State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)   about 5     Hours   Minutes   Seconds
   a. Certain    c. Not very sure
   b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?   I am on porch at time of encounter time
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   before we had timers.
                                        Yes     No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY                               NIGHT
   a. Bright    b. Cloudy            a. Bright    b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One):   a. In front of you    d. To your left
                   b. In back of you     e. Overhead
                   c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? Clear

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other: Shaped like our messenger
Small plates but no wings.
Small box-like house on rear.

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know

We lost sight of it because we are in the Verdugo Hills.
Our home is on the Southern tip of the hills.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Lost sight as it passed over the Verdugo Hills going in a Northwesterly direction

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No x   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No x   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound         heard nothing
b. Color         off-white came as most passenger planes

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Do not know to do this but the ship was at least as long as the 707 Jet, possibly a bit longer.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
"no wings, small box or house on rear-no smoke-no noise"

Resemble the body of a passenger ship-saw no windows.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes x   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Between 15 and 25 miles per hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes x   No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? When overhead-500 to 1000 ft

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors x
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? x
c. Open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?   Glendale
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No x
b. Sun glasses    Yes   No x
c. Windshield     Yes   No x
d. Window glass   Yes   No x

e. Binoculars     Yes   No x
f. Telescope      Yes   No x
g. Theodolite     Yes   No x
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A messenger air plane no 10 wings - no 10 inches


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.
[Noted: Moved North West over Verdugo Hills]

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Handwritten notes: We were here X, It moved "W"]

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
[Handwritten response: Only one]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)  Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses
(We do not smoke or drink)  I am 80 yrs young!

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME
ADDRESS                 Glendale     91203    Calif
                        City         Zone     State

TELEPHONE NUMBER        AGE   80     SEX   Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I am interested gardening-take care of 34 acres (in office short 30 hours a week) (Started on Static X-ray-Calvert & Pardee, running practice). I love X-ray-never practiced. Took course for Information. I love animals-even the Coyote-they are not here by choice! Patents Make & Breakwith core trans former-rather in X-ray-sterilization HEADQUARTERS (had 7 years in Grammar School) went to work so I could eat.)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
I wrote you a letter-sorry I made no copy-you can fill in where I felt led on these pages.
                Day         Month       Year
                                        (Am Co-Pilot)


- page 10 -

