There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text information about an observation.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE/TIME GROUP: 3 2 11 APR 67
2. SOURCE: Civilian
3. LOCATION: Camden, Ohio
10. CONCLUSION: Astro (Conv.) 
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer stat d the object were hovering at an anr height near his house. Object appeared a bright star. It looked like a low hanging star. Object gainer alt speed, pull stray slow, and then disapppeared over a zen in a northnestarly direction.
8. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a declassified United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text extracted from the document:

Reference your letter concerning your unusual observation on April 3 and April 14, 1967.

The description you provided is consistent with that of a atmospheric disturbance which may have been the sighting of Venus with a stellar magnitude is by far the brightest object in the sky at this time of the year, Venus with a stellar magnitude of -4.0 being the exception, of course, of the sun and moon. There have been numerous reports for the last two months of a large, brilliant object hovering in the western sky between 8 p.m. and 10 p.m. Detailed investigation has revealed that Venus and a planet constellation have been responsible for these sightings. I fear this explanation is only a possibility.

Thank you for your letter and interest in the unidentified flying object (UFO) program.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information
Camden, Ohio 45311

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, containing a typed letter.

Text from the document:

Officer-in-Charge
2391st Installations Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

On two recent evenings - April 3 and 11 - beginning at about members of my family observed a bright, stationary object about 45 minutes near my home some 9 miles southwest of Camden, Ohio.

At first sighting, this object resembled a brilliant, low-hanging, grayish-white light. It remained in view for about 45 minutes, then, assuming a reddish glow, disappeared over the horizon in a northwesterly direction.  

I merely mention it in passing, and don't know whether any relationship or not, but some cheap carts are housed in our backyard close to where this phenomena occurred.

According to reports, others in Preble County, Ohio, and Indiana have seen the same, or other similar object. I would be discuss the matter further, should you care to contact me at the above address.

Yours truly,

- page 3 -

