PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 10 Jul 67 11/0220z

2. LOCATION: TUPPER LAKE, NEW YORK (4 Witnesses)

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 4

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: E • W

8. PHOTOS: [No box checked]

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [No box checked]

10. CONCLUSION: Probable (AIRCRAFT) 7

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer stated all that was observed was white blinking light. The object was shaped like an egg or football. Object went out of sight behind trees and buildings.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) - Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF YOU ANSWERED YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and address

merrick   Merrick   Merrick

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME:
ADDRESS:   Lawrence   N.Y.
TELEPHONE NUMBER:   12   SEX   male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?
11   4   67
Day   Month   Year


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Page 7 is visible in the top right corner of the document.

The rest of the page appears to be blank with no additional text filled in.


- page 3 -

TDET/UFO (Maj Quintanilla)/70916/mhs/12 Aug 67)

UFO Observation, 10 July 1967

Hq 8th AirForce
Attn: Flight Plans And Scheduling    (Westover AFB, Mass 01022)

Our office is in receipt of a reported unidentified flying object (UFO) observation over the Tupper Lake, New York area. A review of Air Force Low Altitude High Speed Training Route Charts indicates that SAC participation in flying over the area in question. Request information on participation by the 8th Air Force, or other agencies, if available, on the Westover 011 Burner (OB-4) corridor or the evening of 10 July 1967. The sight was located at approximately 0220Z, 11 July 1967.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES G. MARANT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

AUG 14 1967

Tupper Lake, NY


- page 4 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH AIR FORCE (SAC)
WESTOVER AIR FORCE BASE, MASSACHUSETTS 01022

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DOTS (Maj Kittredge/2316)                                                   21 AUG 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 10 July 1967

TO: FTD (TDET/UFO)

1. Eighth Air Force records indicate that the 72nd Bomb Wing (Ramey AFB) was utilizing the Watertown Olburner (OB-4) corridor with a primary entry time of 11/0100Z and release times of 11/0200Z and a racetrack of 11/0230Z. This was the only scheduled low level activity during the sighting period.

2. For your further information, Watertown RBS had scheduled high level activity from 11/0015Z to 11/0330Z.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
EDWIN L. KITTREDGE, Major, USAF
Directorate of Operations and Training

Peace . . . is our Profession


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

7/1/67

Dear Sirs,

I saw them!
It was almost 10 o'clock
when we came home from
being invited to a circus.
I got undressed with
my fundamentals and got into
our beds. about 35 to 45 minutes
a long few days later
the window gazed out of the
thinking of lights up in the sky.
I saw this and decided
that it was just a

[Note: The text appears to be handwritten and cuts off at the bottom of the page]


- page 6 -

Shooting star. A few minutes later we all saw this. A couple of them flying in order like airplanes. That's what we thought it was. Just about 20 minutes. Our Bruce aid, I were sitting to the window and saw "Believe it" there were five of them. On this you place [illegible word]


- page 7 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS PORTION TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    TDST/UFO

SUBJECT:    UFO Observation

TO:         Tupper Lake, New York

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 8 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Monday July 1967
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 10 20
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other __________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
TUPPER LAKE, N.Y.
Nearest Postal Address       City or Town           State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1/4
                                 Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain             d. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain      e. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? CLOCK
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No ___

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FORM


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[No text entered]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other [blank lines]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know for each question]

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 10 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it went out of sight of a couple of trees.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: and later blocked by a kind of tree.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: none
b. Color: white, blinking, bright

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
To make I it covered most of the size.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included showing a cloud-like object, some stars, and a rectangular shape with an arrow indicating movement direction]


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Less than a quarter of a mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

an egg on a football


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object, and a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? First one. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document also contains a compass rose diagram and two hand-drawn sketches showing object trajectories and positions.


- page 13 -

