Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT RECORD

8 Apr 67     1812     1. LOCATION
                      Riverside, California

10. CONCLUSION
    Possible AIROBJ.                 Youthful
                                     observer

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
    Observer stated at the object appeared to be a light.
    Object brightness was similar to a 1/4 of a bright star.
    Object appeared to shine like a piece of tin. Shape of
    object was sharply outlined. Source: none. Color: silver.


- page 1 -

"Project Bluebook"
Wright-Patterson A.F.B.
Dayton, Ohio 45433

April 8, 1967

Dear Sir,

My name is [redacted]. I am in the 6th grade. My friend and I saw two U.F.O.s, so I made a report. I enclose a copy. My friend made an illustration, so I enclosed that. I hope this will help you in your work.

Thank you for reading this.

Sincerely Yours,
[signature redacted]


- page 2 -

Witnesses:                R.S.           Age 10
                T.T.           Age 11

1. Date of observation:
   R) April 8, 1967        10:15 A.M.
   T) April 8, 1967        10:10 A.M.

2. Location of observer:
   R) In front of and in private school
   T) In front of private school

3. Duration of observation:
   R) 50 seconds
   T) 1 minute        15 seconds

4. Condition of sky:
   R) clear and few clouds
   T) clear and few clouds

5. Number of stars and state of moon:
   R) daylight
   T) daylight

6. If so, compare brightness with known objects:
   R) little duller than sun
   T) little duller than sun

7. Behavior of object:
   R) Appeared to hover, suddenly sped up, disappeared into etc.
   T) Flying slow, suddenly sped up, hover, disappeared out clouds

8. Did you observe the object through an thing
   R) No
   T) No


- page 3 -

9. Was there any wind?
R) Little breeze
T) Little breeze

10. Please describe; sound; color
R) No sound; silver
T) No sound; silver

11. Describe outline
R) Disk shape
T) Disk shape

12. Did the object rise or fall while in motion?
R) No
T) Yes

13. Apparent size of object held at arms length:
R) Nickle
T) Dime

14. How did the object disappear from view?
R) Unknown
T) Unknown

15. How did you happen to notice the object?
R) Looking through a window.
T) My friend saw it and called me.

16. Estimated distance of the object?
R) 1 mile and a half
T) 1 mile

17. Compare speed with jet at same distance:
R) Much faster than a jet.
T) Faster than a jet.

18. What were you doing at the time?
R) Talking to a friend


- page 4 -

7) Playing with a friend.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Flying, but disappeared
but later found
hovering over a cloud

Disappeared

Hovering

CLOUD

Then disappeared


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see this object?
5 April 1967
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:
    Hour    11    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest postal address is blacked out]
Riverside    California
City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    1    40    
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuous? Yes X    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 64, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

8. If you saw this object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
_swimming silver like tin_

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: ___________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
did disappear by speeding p

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: A grey cloud

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:    [No response]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   No sound
b. Color:   Silver

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Twice as big as the match head

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
No wing
No vapor trail

[A simple hand-drawn sketch of an elongated oval/elliptical shape is included at the bottom of the page]


- page 9 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   (Yes)   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   2 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
(c.) Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF YOU WERE MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South           g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest       h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No       e. Binoculars       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No       f. Telescope        Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No       g. Theodolite       Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No       h. Other

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A Disk


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF yo answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME
Last Name    First Name    Middle Name

ADDRESS
Street                City            Zone        State

TELEPHONE NUMBER                 AGE                 SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    Day         Month         Year


- page 12 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    [Blank spaces for Day, Month, Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[Faint handwritten text at bottom right includes words like "later" and "then" and "Disposition", but these are mostly illegible]

At the very bottom left, there is a faint handwritten note that appears to say "CLOUD AREA"

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 13 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFTSC)
WRIGHT PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 44533

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDES/UFO                                                26 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 8 Apr 67

TO: [Redacted]
     Riverside, California 92503

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Please you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JESS C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems                             1 Atch
                                                                  FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 14 -

