PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 15 Feb 67  16/0225Z

2. LOCATION: Chagrin Falls, Ohio   one

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2-3 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual

7. COURSE: Basically stationary

8. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes   [XX] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [ ] Yes   [XX] No

10. CONCLUSION: Aircraft(possible)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer was looking out of a window when she saw what at first appeared to be a star. The object appeared to be moving in a western direction at a very slow speed. All of a sudden the object appeared to reverse its direction. This time a flashing red light was noted. The witness left this window and returned in several minutes and couldn't see the object.

The description is consistent with that of an aircraft observation.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

15 Feb 67
(Chagrin Falls, Ohio)

U.S. Airforce Department
Washington, D.C.
United States

Dear Sirs:

I feel that the information that I have should first come to you because it is you who investigate these matters.

On the night of Wednesday 15, February '67, I was looking out of my window and saw an object which I will not say was a U.F.O. but it did have some strange characteristics. Below I have recorded the time, place, witnesses and a description.

Time: Between 9:25-9:30 P.M. Wed. 2/15/67
Place: In sky southwest of Chagrin Falls
(specifically- off route 422)

Witnesses: [redacted] (myself)
[redacted] (my father)

Description:
When I first saw "it", I thought to be a star, which seemed strange because it was the only star out that night. Remembering a few years back to the "Echo (I think it was) I thought that it might be a weather balloon or something of that sort. After I observed it longer I noticed that it was moving in a northerly direction at a very slow speed, this took about 2-3 minutes. After about half a minute of remaining still, it reversed direction and went back in an easterly direction now flashing a red light equally as bright as the first. I then went into the other room and returned in about 2-3 (at most) minutes and noticed that it was gone.

The peculiarity was that at its present speed, it could not have been my line of vision.

I was going to check with the airlines as to any flights in that area but I thought that I'll leave that up to you.

* Right here I would like to say that I don't think that it could have been an airplane because the lights it displayed were rather bright and radiating, not (I don't think) characteristic of an airplane.

Thank you for your attention.

Enclosed are notes that I took that night.


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Toint: Yellow 9... ... Rec. Wed. 9/15/61
...rect with ... 11 Supt. to Capt...
Witness: [redacted]

[The rest of the text is partially legible, with some words and phrases unclear due to the image quality. Some words I can partially make out include "when", "field", "after", but I cannot confidently transcribe the full sentences.]

At the bottom of the document, there are two lines that are also partially legible, but I cannot confidently reproduce their full text.

The document appears to be a typewritten or handwritten report with some sections redacted (blacked out).


- page 3 -

