PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
10 Mar 67     11/0155Z

2. LOCATION
Alexandria, Virginia     (2 witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
45 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Not Reported

8. PHOTOS
XX No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
XX No

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

Report is confusing in some parts.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers said there were no sounds, but said object disappeared by speeding off. Object was silver color. Object appeared as two plates put together, with a pointed cup upside down on it.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
mnt

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted text]   D.v.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted text]
ADDRESS [Redacted text] Alexandria Virginia
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted text]   AGE 13   SEX F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[No text in this section]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   Bert Plummer
13   March   1967
Day     Month     Year


- page 2 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   13     March     1967
                                                    Day     Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered is in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 3 -

Text found in the document:

THIS IS THE SHAPE

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of a classic flying saucer or UFO shape - a disc-like object with a slightly raised dome or cap in the center, drawn in black and white with shading to give it a three-dimensional appearance.


- page 4 -

The text visible in the image reads:

"YOUR NAMES HAVE TO GO ON"

The rest of the document appears to be redacted with black markings covering what were likely names or other identifying information.


- page 5 -

Insufficient data -
(My argument -
Confirming in part)

10 Mar 67
Alexandria, Virginia    1400-6"-57
New Alexandria, VA
22307

Maj. Keats & winterville, Jr. USAF
Intaper "Project Bluebook"
Keesler AFB, Va.

Attn: 2nd Ind, 20 Mar 67:

I am replying a copy of file 200-2 and have received it. In reply may state they saw "flying saucer" and I believe pilot's 8 U.S. Air Force form. I am sending in delay with a picture + brief opinion made and though would not be troubled like they say now. Will enclose for your and my other copy of 200-2?

If so please read. I am enclosing some information, and some of they were not sure of, but safely, as asked them some questions they please send a 2nd copy of file 200-2 + J.A.N.B.P. 146.

Thank you
Interested


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day: March
Month    Year: 1967

2. Time of day: 1900 15
Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other: _______

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted address]
Franklin, Fairfax, Virginia
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0    45    0
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

5.1 How was time in sight determined?: 45 minutes

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
              b. In back of you     e. Overhead
              c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 64 164

Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative Reference Service
This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 64, which is obsolete.

May 1966


- page 7 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Blank line]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other:
[Blank line]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know are filled out for each question]

Page 2 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
yes, it faded off out of sight

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   static
b. Color:   white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
old it

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Toward from Flower


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?   23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One):                                           a. In the business section of a city?
a. Inside a building                                    b. In the residential section of a city?
b. In a car                                             c. In open countryside?
c. Outdoors                                             d. Near an airfield?
d. In an airplane (type)                                e. Flying over a city?
e. At sea                                               f. Flying over open country?
f. Other wet were out looking and then                  g. Other _______________
went to a field

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South           g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest       h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No       f. Binoculars       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No       g. Telescope        Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No       h. Theodolite       Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No       i. Other one of two did

26. In order that you can give-as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

two plate, tip to tip well a reptile - down ^ cup on it


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
mno

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
3.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
3.2 Please list their names and addresses:

12. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME
ADDRESS Street Alexandria Virginia
                City   Zone   State

TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 13 SEX F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Bert Plummer
    13     March     1967
    Day    Month     Year


- page 11 -

