PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE TIME GROUP
Mar 17     05/0145Z

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15-20 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
SW-NW

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

2. LOCATION
Gladstone, Michigan (Multiple)

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (Venus) Very prob 7PH
Venus was setting on an azimuth of 236 degrees at approx.
2100 and at the time of the sighting.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated there were no objects visible. Just a bright
light. Colored see-ed and glow and slow acceleration up
or down or accelerated.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. In Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any change in direction during the course.

Northwest
South West

twice as quickly
through space quickly

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Our Children - Rte 1, Gladstone Mich

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS: Gladstone Mich.
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE: 39 SEX: Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: 9 Month: March Year: 1967
Reported to: [redacted] - State Trooper (State Police First)

Page 6 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 3 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 4 May 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The space at which this object had altitude before turning and moving, about made us realize this was not a star or aircraft of any kind, that we were familiar with. Under the fact that I can only report it as a very little white without any other shape or form, almost seems inadequate for a scientific evaluation.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

2-2-2
"UFO" Reporting Data (continued)

c. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar.)
Ground-visual.

(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, etc.) used and description thereof.
none

(3) If the sighting occurred while air-borne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

d. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING:
(1) Time-date group of sighting 8:45 P.M. EST March 8, 1967

(2) Light conditions. (Use one of the following terms: night, day, dawn, dusk.)
Night

e. LOCATION OF OBSERVER(s). Give exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position.
Indoors, watching through window on west side of house. House located in Delta county, address Gladstone, Michigan

f. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ON OBSERVER(s):
(1) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.
age 39 Bricklayer, Gladstone, Michigan 49837,
age 33 homemaker
14, 13, 11, 8, 4, Children

(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty and estimate of reliability.
ADG-1 Cmbt Spt Gp-CDC
Saltridge AFB, Mich.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Active (Venus)
Venus was setting man

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO

14 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 8 Mar 67

TO: Mr. & Mrs. [redacted]
Gladstone, Michigan 49837

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

Handwritten notes:
8 Mar 67
8/1167
Gladstone, Michigan


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Return to: 1st Fighter Wing (ADC)
Selfridge AFB, Mich 48045

"UFO" Reporting Data:

a. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT(S):
(1) Shape Undetermined
(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: Head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand at about arm's length.
    Size Larger than a basketball.
(3) Color Glowing brilliant object.
(4) Number Single object.
(5) Formation, if more than one
(6) Any discernible features or details see number nine (9)
(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s) none
(8) Sound; if heard, describe sound none watching from indoors.

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features Red glowing color appearing beneath object also a green flickering color beneath object.

b. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
    Family dog Skippy, excited barking;

(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed.
    Descending very rapidly towards earth from a southwesterly direction.

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
    Rising into the northwestern sky.

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
    Descended very rapidly towards earth. Appeared to hover above tree tops.
    Rising and falling motions while rising in a northeasterly direction. It appeared to veer to the right twice.

(5) How did the object(s) disappear? Instantaneously to the North.
    Rising to the northwest out of sight.

(6) How long were the objects(s) visible? (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 Hour, etc.)
    Approximately 15 to 20 minutes.

[Handwritten note: SEND 164]


- page 7 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
8 March 1967
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 8 45
           Hour  Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other _________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Gladstone   Michigan   Delta County
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
15-20 Min.
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

(Circle One): a. Certain
             b. Fairly certain
             c. Not very sure
             d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? The closest the time

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 8 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[No text entered]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other
[Blank lines]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know

Page 2


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
only, as it left, leaving in the direction of the northwestern sky.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: none
b. Color: no color - only white lite

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
at arm's length it would completely cover object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
glow glow color seemed to appear v glow as object moving at down or accelerated
object indicates bright
lite larger than a flashlight in size


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   At least one mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ____________
e. At sea
f. Other ____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East          e. South         g. West
b. Northeast     d. Southeast     f. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No     e. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No     f. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No     g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No     h. Other ____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

It appeared as a very white lite, such as headlite of an approaching car.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
only, as it left, leaving in the direction of the northwestern sky.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   None
b. Color:   No color - only white lite

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
at arms length it would completely cover object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
green glow? colors seemed to appear + glow as object moved up
Pale glow                 + down as accelerated
object indicates bright
like larger than a baseball in size


- page 12 -

