PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
25 January 67 26/0152

2. LOCATION
Stone Mountain, Georgia 5 witnesses

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
westward

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
(Aftercraftpossible)
Searchlight - confirmed by observer

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched a white light travel toward the western horizon. The light was brighter than the brightest star. One observer said that it looked like a street light flying through the sky. The object went down in a very slow manner.
The description is consistent with that of an aircraft observation.

FORM
FTDP SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

[Top of document]
Stone
Washington, D.C. 20526

Dear Sirs:

I saw two UFO's on the early night for my 23-1966. The first one was sighted at or 215 and it was silent and was moving at a first pace to hover in a westward direction and said I think high.

I lost it and then at again saw it and it had stopped, it made slow movement.

The second one sighted about 215 and made no first direction at with flashing lights, about 3 or 4.

I have 4 other witnesses other than myself, big man in [redacted] and I am 13. The other people were [redacted]

We were partly cloudy and I was at my [partially illegible text]

[Bottom of page has a circled number "164"]

Note: Several sections of text are redacted with black lines, and some words are difficult to read due to image quality.


- page 2 -

TDEV/UFO (Maj. Quintanilla/70916)jaf/9 Oct 67)

Request for UFO Information

Stone Mountain, Ga. 30083

1. Reference your letter of 2 Sept 1967 in which you requested information on unidentified flying objects.

2. Our files are set up according to date. If you would provide us with the date of your observation then we will be able to attach your letter to your report.

3. Enclosed is a FTD Form 164 that you requested, a current copy of Project Blue Book and summaries of our more interesting UFO sightings.

4. Cases are reported to us from all over the United States. There is no specific geographical area in which the sightings are centered.

5. Thank you for writing and providing us with the cause for your sighting.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

3 Atchs:
1. FTD Form 164
2. Project Blue Book
3. Case Summaries

Handwritten notes at top of page:
25 Jan 67
OCT 9 1967


- page 3 -

September 2, 1967

Dear Sirs,

I have written you before in reference to an Unidentified Flying Object I sighted out myself. It was a searchlight.

I then wrote you about more information U.S.O.'s. You saw my Project Blue Book - March 6, 1967.

I have now decided to do a project on U.S.O.'s. Please do all of the following questions in your power. It will be very helpful.

Please send me 1 380 Form 164 or whatever is used now in its place.

Is there any other helpful information that is not now in my Blue Book?

Where is most of your U.S.O. investigation centered?

Is there any extraordinary U.S.O. sightings?

Is there anything anyone else can write?

Thank you,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information as that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
25 January 1967
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 15 Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Stone Mountain    Stone Mountain    Georgia
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    15    Seconds
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? A Watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright          a. Bright
b. Cloudy          b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM                This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 51, which is obsolete.
FTD OCT 62 154


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Street light

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle one) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: All that was visible was light

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 1

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: TREE2

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound None
b. Color A white light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple drawing of a line with an arrow and a circle is present]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 300 yds.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other: Suburban neighborhood

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North e. South i. West
b. Northeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
c. East d. Southeast

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
A street light flying through the air.


- page 8 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? _____________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses
Stone Mountain, Ga.
Rte 5
Stone Mountain, Ga.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS     Stone Mountain     City     Ga     State
TELEPHONE NUMBER     AGE 13     SEX Male

Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?   Father, mother, and friends
    25-26     January     1967     Year


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Blank spaces for Day, Month, Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The object went down in a very slow manner. I was at my company's parking lot at the time.


- page 11 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDGT/UFO                                                   9 February 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 25 Jan 67

TO:    Stone Mountain, Georgia 30033

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems                1 Atch
                                                     FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 12 -

