There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various fields filled out.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 27 JUL 67
2. LOCATION Newcomerstown, Ohio (2 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 10 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Visually
7. COURSE 045° - NW
8. PHOTOS No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No
10. CONCLUSION (POSSIBLE AIRCRAFT) - No data presented to indicate object could not have been an A/C.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS Object was found in middle, with lights at top and bottom and on both sides (like a cross). Observer stated just the body of the object moved, not the lights which seemed fixed.

- page 1 -

This page does not contain a photograph. It appears to be part of an old document related to Project Blue Book, likely a UFO report.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 
5 Day, July Month, 1967 Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Just the majesty of the object and the manner in which it handled itself are of the utmost interest to one who had this experience. It is hoped that further investigations of this type of phenomena will be undertaken in the future.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. The document includes handwritten notes and calculations related to the analysis of some lights observed in the sky.

Text from the document:

10 sec
night 200 ft
speed 15 mi/hr
object came garden direction
moved used beam of search light to

*2625* 
50 ft

X = 200 sin .0625*
20' 
50' = .0625* Y = 260.0625* = 3.7' 
= 260 sin 3.7' = 200 + .0625* 
= .23 ft
mydya diameter undoubtedly as on at least 10 m - 3.4x10-2 
1 m = 
15x10*3.4x10*3 = 7.2x10*6
and would have used only 220 ft.

The configuration of this light does not conflict with any an aircraft.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEST/UTO (MAJOR QUINTANILLA/70916/MHS/11 AUG 67)
UFO Observation 
Newcomerstown, Ohio 43832
Reference your sighting observation of an unidentified flying object. Prior to reaching our final conclusion on your sighting of 20 July 1967, additional information was indicated. The questionnaire you completed indicated that the sighting occurred on 20 July 1967. We would appreciate a note from you clarifying this date.
JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF 
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, an air force report about a UFO observation.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation

TO: Newcomerstown, Ohio 43832

Reference your July 1967 observation of an unidentified flying object. Prior to reaching our final conclusion on your sighting we need to know the exact time the object was observed. The questionnaire you completed indicated that the sighting occurred on July 26, 1967; however, the date appears to be a note from your clarifying this discrepancy.

DONALD G. MARQUARDT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

Dear Sir:
As you will see from my note enclosed, the date was July 27, 1967, not July 26 as I had previously stated. We think the daily was the 27th but are not absolutely certain. At any rate it was very exciting at the time and caused quite a bit of talk in the area.

Newcomerstown, Ohio 43832

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this image, only a UFO sighting report form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. The information obtained will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 23 Jul 57
2. Time of day: 7:30 minutes
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern c. Mountain e. Other 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Newcomerstown, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? It just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Clear b. Cloudy NIGHT a. Clear b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. Overhead d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with a form or questionnaire filled out.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. Moon not visible, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. As a light, e. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Other, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) YES NO Don't know

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from what appears to be a UFO report document. The page is labeled "Page 3" and contains a series of questions and response fields related to the observation of a UFO or unidentified object.

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a pencil stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the pencil. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the pencil head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any other details of the object that you saw such as wings, tail, trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a filled-out questionnaire form.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 5 mi

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) YES NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 200 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? mph

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) YES NO

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses YES NO
b. Sun glasses YES NO
c. Windshield YES NO
d. Window YES NO

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 9 -

The image contains a photograph of an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document includes an illustration of a compass and instructions for a sketching exercise related to observing an unidentified flying object.

The text in the document says:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, specifically the 1967-07-7572739-Newcomerstown-Ohio.pdf11.txt file.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
LAST NAME                FIRST NAME        MIDDLE NAME
ADDRESS:
STREET                  CITY                  STATE
TELEPHONE NO.:           AGE: 12            SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day                Month          Year

- page 11 -

