PROJECT 10373 R. CCRD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
Jan - Mar 67

2. LOCATION
Peterson, Minnesota

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Other (Unr-liable)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15-30 minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYS
SEE CASE FILE

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
N-NW

8. PHOTOS
[] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[] Yes
[X] No

FORM
JTDG SEP 63 0-329 (TOE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Other (unverifiable)                                                Jan-Mar 67
                                                                    Peterson, Minnesota

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Date appears to be partially filled in but is illegible]

2. Time of day: [partially filled in but illegible]
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Address is blacked out]
[City/Town and State/County partially filled in but mostly illegible]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   c. Not very sure
   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? [partially filled in but illegible]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes [X] No [ ]

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                                NIGHT
a. Bright                                          a. Bright
b. Cloudy                                          b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you       e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, 1st 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text, partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other:
[Handwritten text, partially illegible]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know for each question]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response partially illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: [Handwritten response partially illegible]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: [Handwritten response partially illegible]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [Handwritten response partially illegible]
b. Color: [Handwritten response partially illegible]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Handwritten response partially illegible]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch is present at the bottom of the page with some annotations, but the details are not clearly legible]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Some handwritten text appears on the form, but it is partially illegible]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten text in this section is partially illegible, but appears to read something like: "Moved from the... across y (illegible)... to (illegible)"]

29. IF There was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? [Handwritten response appears to be "Two"]

Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[Partially illegible handwritten response]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Partially illegible handwritten response]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Personal details are redacted/blacked out]

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[Partially illegible handwritten response]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially illegible handwritten response]

The document appears to be a UFO sighting report form with most personal details obscured.


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Date appears to be handwritten but is mostly illegible]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The rest of the text in the document is handwritten and largely illegible. While some words and partial phrases are visible, I cannot confidently transcribe the full text without potentially introducing errors.]

The document appears to be Page 7 of a UFO sighting questionnaire, with most of the handwritten response being too difficult to read clearly.


- page 8 -

Page 8

I have a letter concerning [illegible text]
[partially illegible text] June 22, and I am
[illegible text] near Sparta of [illegible text]
many thanks, again I am
[illegible text] me -

[The rest of the text is either illegible or obscured by black redaction marks. The bottom half of the page contains what appears to be a hand-drawn or sketched object, but it is mostly covered by black redaction marks.]


- page 9 -

