There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a record entry for a sighting that occurred in Fairborn, Dayton, Ohio.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE OF OBSERVATION 27 MAY 1957 2. LOCATION Fairborn, Dayton, Ohio (airfield)
3. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
4. SHAPE OF OBJECT Astro (Venus) 
5. SIZE OF OBJECT Vens was on an azimuth of 293 deg and an elevation of 8 deg.
6. DURATION OF OBSERVATION
7. COURSE Circular (32K)
8. SPEED (Stationary)
9. PHOTOS No
10. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No - Disappeared with the eye was looking to a ...

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes (NO) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes (NO) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None.
b. Color: Bright (greyish, white) color on a clear starry night sky.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Cannot judge - but looked to be larger than a star.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can recall, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(No drawing provided.)

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, featuring a questionnaire with multiple-choice questions related to a UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
Very fast, about 5000 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
About 15 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No
e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
very bright, stationary, round object, noiselessly moved toward the southwest, disappeared after a few minutes

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report, likely related to a Project Blue Book UFO investigation. The page contains a sketch or diagram along with several questions and instructions for the reader to follow.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. 

The text in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: [redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] 
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 25 SEX F
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire regarding an unidentified aerial phenomenon that was observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for statistical purposes in connection with other sightings and may assist in reaching conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
(_) Day (_) Night (_) Twilight (_) 1967 (blank)

2. Time of day: 
Hours 11: Minutes 15
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Daylight Saving c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: FAIRBORN
City or Town: DAYTON 
State or County: OHIO

5. How long was object in sight? (Indicate best estimate)
Hours 3/4 Minutes 45 Seconds 30

5.1 How was time in sight determined? STOPWATCH

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Bright b. Clear c. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Bright b. Clear c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Overhead e. Behind you f. Don't remember

FORM FTD OCT 62 164
This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a printed document with text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will extract all the text from the document and provide the output below:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
  8.1 STARS (Circle One):
    a. Very bright
    b. Slightly dimmed
    c. No stars
    d. Don't remember

  8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. Bright moonlight
    b. Dull moonlight 
    c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
  a. Clear sky
  b. Haze
  c. Scattered clouds
  d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
  a. Dry
  b. Few mist, or light rain
  c. Moderate or heavy rain
  d. Fog
  e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
  a. Solid
  b. Transparent  
  c. Vapor
  d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
  a. Brighter
  b. Dimmer
  c. About the same
  d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects:
Brighter than a match, dimmer than a planet

12. The edge of the object were: 
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember
                e. Other

13. Did the object:
  a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes)   (No)   (Don't know)
  b. Appear to hover and then dart away at any time? (Yes)   (No)   (Don't know)
  c. Break up into parts or explode? (Yes)   (No)   (Don't know)
  d. Give off smoke or trails? (Yes)   (No)   (Don't know)
  e. Change brightness? (Yes)   (No)   (Don't know)
  f. Change shape? (Yes)   (No)   (Don't know)
  g. Flash or flicker? (Yes)   (No)   (Don't know)
  h. Disappear and reappear? (Yes)   (No)   (Don't know)

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire about a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The witness described the object disappearing after a short period of time.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? The witness circled "No" indicating the object did not move behind something.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? The witness circled "No" indicating the object did not move in front of something.

17. a. Sound: The witness described the sound as "none".
b. Color: The witness described the color as "white light".

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? The witness estimated "about 25%" of the object would have been covered by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that are such as size, proportions, etc. and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. The witness provided a hand-drawn sketch of the object with an arrow indicating the direction of motion.

Text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes It gradually faded out and disappeared.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
17. a. Sound None b. Color White light
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? about 25%
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that are such as size, proportions, etc. and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, containing a questionnaire about a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _(65') _

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 5 miies away

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One): a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country? g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest 24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No 

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?: a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: 1) A bright star-like object, stationary in the sky and slightly larger than a star. It was bright white in color. 1

- page 9 -

The image contains a sketch diagram, but no photographs.

*OCR output*:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90°    75°     60°     45°     30°     15°     0°

      N
      NW                      NE
       W                       E
      SW                       SE
       S

28. Draw a picture of the path that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a sketch of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph included in this scanned page from the Project Blue Book document. The page appears to be a questionnaire or report form with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out, such as whether they have seen the object before, if anyone else was with them, personal information, and when and to whom they reported the sighting.

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
N_

Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
[Redacted]

Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 22   SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Blank]

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be published in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
20 / 5 / 1967 

2. Time of day:
9 : 55 Hour Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
West Carrollton, 99999, Ohio

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
2 Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): DAY a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy NIGHT a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or survey form related to an observed unidentified object in the night sky.

Text from the document:

4. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds 
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. As a light
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
(Handwritten note: Brighter than the dern bright star I'd say.)

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One for each question)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 13 -

