PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
30 Mar 67     31/0205z

2. LOCATION
Fultonville, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
3

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 hours

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Other (ARTIFICIAL CLOUD)
BARIUM CLOUD RELEASE FROM WALLOPS ISLAND VA.
AT APPROXIMATELY 1700 EST.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated that the object was like a light and had vapor. Object was compared in brightness to that of a star and appeared to brighten. Object started out as a fuzzy ball, yielding closer and large and turned into a sharp firey red-orange disc. Object had no distinctive sound of its own.
Color: green, bright red-orange, then blue vapor.

FORM
F-TD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Date you completed this questionnaire: 2 March 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I just heard on the news about the some settling of some chemicals in the atmosphere, causing colors at night. Just an air balloon with burning cotton we know, too that could have been what we saw but I'm filling out this questionnaire just in case it wasn't. If the news it said the object was sighted late last night but the time I saw was sighted only about 7:15 at night.


- page 2 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 20330
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

MAY 29 1967

Dear Mr [redacted]

This replies to your recent correspondence regarding your unidentified observation on March 30, 1967.

Detailed investigation revealed that you probably saw the chemical clouds mentioned in your completed questionnaire. A rocket fired from the Wallops Island, Virginia station of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, at approximately 7 p.m. EST, March 30, 1967, released tri-ethyl borane and darlum into the atmosphere. This caused the clouds to become various colors, but eventually they turned blue in elongated patterns along the lines of the earth's magnetic field. The clouds may extend across the sky for several hundred miles and can be visible for thirty minutes to one hour.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
BARNETT B. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Utica, New York 13503

June 10, 1967.

What about that mysterious red ball that we saw on the N.Y.State Thruway and was even seen in Utica by a few observers?

Please send reply.
Thank you.


- page 3 -

Otter (Cloud) Contracts:

Proposed reply to UFO report from [redacted] March 30, 1967
30 New67
Fultonville, N. Y.
31/0205-2

Dear [redacted]:

This replies to your recent correspondence regarding your unidentified observation on March 30, 1967.

Detailed investigation revealed that you probably saw the chemical clouds mentioned in your completed questionnaire. A rocket fired from the Wallops Island, Virginia, station of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, at approximately 1900 EST, March 30, 1967, released tri-ethyl borane and barium into the atmosphere. This caused the clouds to become various colors, but eventually they turn blue-in elongated patterns along the lines of the earth's magnetic field. The clouds may extend across the sky for several hundred miles and can be visible for thirty minutes to one hour.

We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

[Handwritten note at bottom: 2. Safran 24 May 67]


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified serial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
30 March 1967
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 7 5
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Day b. Standard
b. Standard Time

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
State Thruway   Near Fultonville   New York
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
1 0
Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Wrist Watch

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY     NIGHT
a. Bright   a. Bright
b. Cloudy   b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right   f. Don't remember

FORM    Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative Service
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, JUL 61, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
The Sun

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other: It started out as a fuzzy green ball getting closer and large and turned into a sharp red-orange disc.

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
After the firey disc together with numerous trails which changed along time. I live, moved, green track and again, a while after get dimmer and faded out.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ______

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ______

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound None
b. Color Green, Bright Red-range, then blue vapor

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
It was much bigger than the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. (The Stages)

[A hand-drawn sketch with notes about the object's stages of movement]

The green ball split up into parts before


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other: Got out of car and went back in car

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 40 miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other: Through windshield and open air

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
A very hot, red sun.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

No motion

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Appeared to be 3

Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

One object which turned into three separate like objects which disappeared after about an hour.

flickering vapor


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[No text response]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Multiple lines blacked out, with partially visible text]
Utica, NY
Utica, N.Y.
Utica, N.Y.
Utica, N.Y.
Utica St. Utica, N.Y.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
[Blacked out]
ADDRESS: [Blacked out]
Utica      Zone 2   New York
TELEPHONE NUMBER:     AGE 14   SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I have written to Project Blue Book asking for information about UFO's.

34. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
30   March   1967   Griffis AFB   Rome, N.Y.
Day    Month   Year


- page 10 -

Handwritten text at the top of the page:
"I'm almost sure that this was not a balloon
Am sending a clipping from the Ilion Paper
Please send me the results & please pass on the newspaper
Thank you"

Newspaper clipping text:
"Utica Press reporters last night received three reports of a large orange ball along the Southern Horizon. The reports came from West Winfield, Whitesboro and New York Mills.

Callers said the ball appeared to be larger than the moon. It first appeared as a very bright light and then seemed to disappear as if being covered by a cloud.

The object then reappeared, grew very bright and then seemed to explode.

Mrs. Kenneth Davis, West Winfield Press correspondent, said she saw the unidentified object shortly before 7 p.m.

The Old Farmers Almanac said the moon would rise at 2 a. m. today. It reported that the moon set at 2 a. m. yesterday. Therefore the moon would not have been visible at the time the object was seen.

Griffiss Air Force Base spokesman said base opera-"

(The last line appears to be cut off)


- page 11 -

