PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE, TIME GROUP
5 Feb 67 ?2255-2305Z

2. LOCATION
Yorktown-Walden, New York
2 witnesses

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft with afterburner

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Two different observers watched an egg shaped fiery object pass overhead. Both observers stated that the object shook the house when it passed over. The object had a fiery tail. Also a thunderous noise was heard by both witnesses.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
N/A

8. PHOTOS
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

An F-101 was making a low level pass over runway 27 at Stewart AFB at approximately 2300. The pilot lit his afterburner and turned right out of traffic with his burners 11a and a low altitude until out of sight. The flight path would have taken this aircraft over the observers positions at the approximate time of their sighting.

FORM
FTDR 3.43 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

A. Description of the Object(s):

1. Shape: Egg Shaped

2. Size compared to a know object: Pea at arms length

3. Color: White and pink, fiery

4. Number: One (1)

5. Formation, if more than one: N/A

6. Any discernible features or details: None

7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s):
Fiery Tail

8. Sound; if heard, describe sound:
Thunderous noise

9. Other pertinent or unusual features: Both observers state object shook house as it passed over.

B. Description of Course of Object(s):

1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s):
N/A

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed:
N/A

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:
N/A


- page 2 -

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s):
Flew over observers house.

5. How did the object(s) disappear: Out of sight

6. How long (were) the object(s) visible:
30 Seconds

C. Manner of Observation:
1. Naked Eye

2. Optical Aids: N/A

3.

D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 5 Feb 67, 2255Z, 2305Z

2. Light conditions: Night

E. Location of Observer(s): Yorktown, New York
Walden, New York

F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Classification: Civilian

2. Name: Mrs.

3. Age: N/A

4. Mailing Address: Yorktown
Walden, New York

5. Occupation: N/A

6. Estimate of Reliability: N/A

2


- page 3 -

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:

1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions:    VFR

2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office:
   Winds                                         N/A

3. Ceiling:                                      VFR

4. Visibility:

5. Amount of cloud cover:                        N/A

6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located:    N/A

7. Vertical temperature gradient:                N/A

H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition:

I. Interception or Identification Action Taken:
   None

3


- page 4 -

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting:
F-101 traffic pattern altitude, low pass with afterburners lite.

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
Capt. Stephen Levine, Capt. Pilot/Navigator. At approximately 2300 I observed an F-101 making a low pass over runway 27. He lit his after burners and turned right out of traffic with his burners lit and at a low altitude until out of sight. This flight path would have taken him over the observers positions at the approximate time of their sightings. Their descriptions match my observation perfectly.

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:
None

4


- page 5 -

