The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record report.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: May, 57
2. LOCATION: Williamston, Michigan
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Approximately
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Beyond Visual
7. COURSE: Unknown
8. PHOTOS: () Yes (X) No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: () Yes (X) In file
10. CONCLUSION: PHYSICAL SIGHTING: Other (RADAR CHAFT)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer stated he found material in the back of his house while mowing. He stated he was concerned about the material because he had seen a space ship in that area before and thought material was associated with it.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page of a typed letter.

May 9, 1967

Dear Sir:

I am sending you a sample of a substance I found in our low land in back of our home. I found this while mushrooming. It was concerned on 3 June 1967  and I was wondering if this could have any bearing on this. I find not say anything about this as people think you out of your mind, if you see this sort of thing. I feel however that I should report this now. I left some of this where I found it in case someone would want to see the way it was found. It sound just a little on May 4th.

I would very much like to know what this is if you know. It may be something you can explain right away. If so, please let me know.

Thank You
Williamston, Mich. 48895

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Proposed reply to letter from [redacted], 9 May 1967

Dear Mrs. [redacted],

This replies to your recent correspondence concerning a substance found near your home on May 4, 1967. The material was identified as "radar chaff". This material is dropped by military aircraft in the vicinity of a radar station. This is done to confuse the radar operators so that the aircraft can penetrate the radar defense. There must have been one of these radar exercises in your area.

We wish to thank you for submitting the material to the Air Force for analysis.

T. Sefanies / JAN 67

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

SAFOICC/Mrs Cassel/Jad/790797/7 Jun 67

JUN 7 1967

Dear Mrs. [Redacted],

This replies to your recent correspondence concerning a material which was reported to your office on May 14, 1967. The material was identified as "radar chaff." This material is dropped from aircraft to confuse the radar operators so that the aircraft can maneuver the radar screens. There must have been one of these radar exercises in your area.

We wish to thank you for submitting the material to the Air Force for analysis. Attached is a fact sheet on electronic countermeasures which we think you will find interesting.

Sincerely,

BARNETT B. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Civil Branch
Civil Branch Division
Office of Information

Attachment (Fact Sheet on Elec Warfare)

[Redacted]
Williamston, Michigan 48895

COORDINATED BY: SAFOI-CC

SAFQIC Card Cy
CHRC cy
Rdrs Cy
Acty CY
Subj CY

- page 4 -

