PROJECT 10073 RECORD

DATE OF OBSERVATION 17 March 67 18/0300Z
LOCATION Galena, Illinois

10. CONCLUSION AIRCRAFT (W/VAPOR TRAIL)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 27

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 15 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual (GX)

7. COURSE N * W

8. PHOTOS [ ] Yes [X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE [ ] Yes [X] No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Objects had a number of lights, red, green, and orange. Some bright and others hazy. Object had a sound like gas escaping from a valve. Object disappeared after emitting jet streams.

FORM
PTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

H/C with Vapor Trail                                                12 MAR 67

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?    17    Dec    1967
                                    Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:    9    minutes    (Circle One):    A.M. or    P.M.
                                                    Exactly

3. Time Zone:    (Circle One): a. Eastern
                               b. Central
                               c. Mountain
                               d. Pacific
                               e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?    
    [Nearest Postal Address]    ST.    Helena    Illinois

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    15    minutes    seconds
    a. Certain    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    [handwritten response]

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes        No        37260 UFO's

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                                 NIGHT
    a. Bright                           a. Bright
    b. Cloudy                           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One):    a. In front of you    d. To your left
                     b. In back of you     e. Overhead
                     c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM                Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative Reference Service
OCT 53 164         This form supersedes AFR 200-2, dated 15 Jan 1953

"My name - may be used in statements"
Bring Joe Benson


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright-moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Some bright and some hazy

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Disappeared after swirling jet streams

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: No

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound
b. Color: Red, silver and white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1/2 Because they were so distant

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The document includes two hand-drawn sketches labeled "Top View" and "Side View"]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   20-30 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?   10   miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No       e. Binoculars      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No       f. Telescope       Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No       g. Theodolite      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No       h. Other ___________

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text in this section is illegible]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you lost saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Two or three came from the sky, continued

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
    NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:    1 on St. Regents Street of
                                               Zager)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
    NAME [redacted]
    ADDRESS [redacted]
    Calena - X   Illinois
    TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]    AGE 18    SEX M

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    17    3    67
    Day    Month    Year


- page 7 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 28   3   67
                                           Day  Month  Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

SOME

The rest of the page is blank.


- page 8 -

