PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
13 Feb 67   1600-1800Z

2. LOCATION
Indiana & Ohio   multiple

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Varied

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Air Visual 3x

7. COURSE
Toward the east-south

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Balloon

A 10.6 million ft³ balloon was launched at 1900 MST 12 Feb 67 from Page, Arizona. The balloon traveled across central Indiana and landed near Zanesville, Ohio at approximately 1327 EST 13 Feb 67.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
"All observers reported watching a large silver colored object travel toward the eastern horizon. The object was reported round or oval in shape. The balloon was observed from the air as well on the ground. Tower personal at both the Indianapolis and Dayton airport verified that the object was a high altitude balloon of some type."

F.O.PM
FTD SEP 62 0-322 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
N/A

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
from TV service Mother, & two men

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Blvd. Dayton 45419 Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 13 SEX E

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
13 Feb 67
Day   Month   Year


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    [Blank spaces for Day, Month, Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

From phone call

500


- page 3 -

at 130, 13 Feb 67

Received a call from SPL FRANK J
SCHROCK, C with work & Dayton Defense, inform
58 artillery SP, Wellington, Ohio.

State: he wanted a call from a man
heavily and just a few of the regular airmen
or staff, could help apply, moving toward items
the growth. She stated to move at turn
slowly, and this at a high rate of speed.
Shall have the observer help apply to about
134.5(2) 13 Feb 67.

BLANCHETTE O.

1109 O contacted, called Sulfur Pres
middle Station to find out of they had a caller
I want.


- page 4 -

Memo for the Record:   13 Feb 67

Contact was made with FAA Mapcon (WAFB), Ohio (ext 70042).  Shortly after noon they were informed of a large balloon at approximately 120,000 feet.  The balloon was being tracked by a Cessna aircraft.  The balloon was supposed to cover a 7 acre area when on the ground.  The balloon was visually sighted by the Patterson tower.

Contact was made with Holloman Balloon Control Center, Holloman AFB, New Mexico, ext 4421 with Col Clemenson.  Col Clemenson said that there were no balloon launches from Holloman to account for the sighting.

Contact was made with Vandalia Airport control tower.  Tower personnel had watch the balloon visually for several minutes.  They said they did not know what or who was tracking the balloon with the Cessna aircraft.

Contact was made with Bellefontaine AFS, Ohio in regards to radar paint of the large balloon over southern Ohio on 13 Feb 67.  The citation's height finder only goes up to in the neighborhood of 100,000 feet and the balloon was higher then this.  They did not track the balloon.

Contact was made with [redacted] Incorp., Minneapolis Minn.  Mr. [redacted] said that his company has not been launching balloons for the past couple of months.  He had not heard of the balloon but suggested that possibly Goodyear AFB, Texas might have launched a balloon.

Contact was made with [redacted] at Palestine, Texas Area Code [redacted].  Mr. [redacted] said the balloon was launched from Wag, Arizona on 12 Feb 67 at approximately 1900 CST.  The balloon was a reach an altitude of 130,000 feet.  Its capacity was 10.6 million cubic feet being about 400 feet long.  The impact was about 37 miles SW of Zanesville, Ohio at approximately 1300 EST.

Contact was made with Sulphur Grove Balloon Center, Ohio in regards to a balloon launch.  They released a balloon at 1155 EST which was 20 feet in diameter and white in color.  The balloon went toward the east.  Winds were 85 knots at 20,000 feet.


- page 5 -

Memo for the Record-   13 Feb 67

Contact with the Indianapolis Center in regards to observation of an alleged balloon over the Indianapolis area. The balloon came directly over the Air Route Traffic Control Center and was seen by many people.

There was a chase plane which was following the balloon all the way from Kokomo. One pilot in the area was summed by the balloon. He claimed that the object was only about 2000 feet in altitude but after he took off he could see that it was much higher. Another private claimed that he got fairly close to the balloon. The contact at Indianapolis Center said that the balloon did look like a flying saucer. They very much could see how many people could mistake the balloon for the UFO.


- page 6 -

Memo for the Record:     17 Feb 67

Location of observers-
Franklin, Indiana                                   1100-1300 EST
Tower Personnel Indianapolis Center
Tower Personnel Vandalia, Ohio                      1210 EST
Dayton, Ohio                                        1245 EST
Pianchester, Ohio

Both Indianapolis Center and Cox Airport, Dayton, Ohio personnel verified object as high altitude balloon.


- page 7 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 4344TH TROOP CARRIER WING (M) (RESERVE) (CAC)
BAKALAR AIR FORCE BASE, COLUMBUS, INDIANA 47201

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DO

SUBJECT: Report of UFO

TO: AFIN/USG
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

13 FEB 1967

The following report is submitted in accordance with the published
U.F.O. Check List:

a. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S)

(1) Shape
ANS: Egg shape, somewhat more round.

(2) Size
ANS: Larger than a basketball. (at arms length)

(3) Color
ANS: Silver

(4) Number of Objects
ANS: One (1)

(5) Type of Formation (if more than one object)
ANS: N/A

(6) Discernible features or detail
ANS: Not Reported

(7) Tail, Trail, or Exhaust (to include length)
ANS: None

(8) Sound (describe any sounds heard)
ANS: Not Reported

b. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S)

(1) What first attracted observer's attention to object?
ANS: Telephone Calls


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object when first seen.
ANS - NE 341°th more than 45°.

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth when object disappeared.
ANS - NE 45° behind cloud.

(4) Description of flight path or maneuvers of object/objects.
ANS - NE slight movement.

(5) How did the object(s) disappear?
ANS - Behind cloud.

(6) How long were the objects visible?
ANS - Two (2) hours.

c. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:

(1) What means of observation was used in sighting?
ANS - Ground-Visual, Air to Air, Naked Eye.

(2) Were Optical aids used, (i.e., Telescope, Binocular, etc.)?
ANS - No.

(3) If sighting occurred while airborne, state type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, air speed, and home station.
ANS - N/A (blank)

d. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING:

(1) WHEN - Date and time of sighting.
ANS - 1 Feb 1967, 1300 hours, February 13, 1967.

(2) What were the light conditions?
ANS - Day.

e. LOCATION OF OBSERV.

Location
ANS - 12 miles north of Franklin, Indiana

f. OBSERVER IDENTIFICATION:

To civilian, obtain name, address, and occupation. NOTE:
Record your own description of the observer's reliability.
ANS - Fr. (partially blacked out), age 46, c/o Daily Journal, Franklin, Ind.,
Editor, NOTE: Good.

2


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. WEATHER CONDITIONS

(1) Obtain from UFO Observer, a general report of weather at point of sighting.
NR - Generally clear with a few clouds at 10 or 12 thousand feet.

(2) Obtain from weather office, the winds at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 15,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000', if available.
WNW - 300° at 40 Kts Clear.

FOR THE COMMANDER.

W.F. NOLAN, Colonel, USAF
Director of Operations

3


- page 10 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Information as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information be that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
    2 Feb 67
    Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 19 10-15
    (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
    (Circle One): a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    [Redacted] Blvd Oakwood Ohio
    Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    5 Minutes
    Hours   Minutes   Seconds

    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?: clock

5.2 Was object in sight continuous? Yes   No

6. What was condition of the sky?
    DAY    NIGHT
    a. Bright   a. Bright
    b. Cloudy   b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One): a. In front of you
                b. In back of you
                c. To your right
                d. To your left
                e. Overhead
                f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OC OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 11 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 12 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound     No
b. Color     Silver

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Bigger

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[No drawing is present on this page]


- page 13 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?: 0

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was?: 3000-5000 ft

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. inside a building
b. in a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other: 

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?: [blank]

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?: Several people
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No

e. Binoculars      Yes   No
f. Telescope       Yes   No
g. Theodolite      Yes   No
h. Other:

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
round & silver - tin pan


- page 14 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

[Handwritten note: "don't know"]

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 15 -

