Here is the text I can read from the document:

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 4 - 5

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-visual

7. COURSE: East

8. PHOTOS: Yes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer was in his car driving which no observation is slowing stream. The point was that the observer estimated disconnected wires moving through a 30°. They appeared to be quite high speed.

CONCLUSION: The sighting is similar to those of earlier decay but seems less on this case.

Some parts of the text are partially illegible or cut off, so I have transcribed only what I can clearly read.


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

SEP 13 1967

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 6 Sept 67

TO: [Redacted]
Cincinnati 15, Ohio 45215

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 2 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD                                                   7 September 1967

Subject: UFO Sighting, 6 September 1967, Cincinnati, Ohio

Mr. [REDACTED] of [REDACTED], Cincinnati 15, Ohio and his neighbors observed an unidentified flying object at 950 pm. Mr. [REDACTED] said he was intrigued at what he saw. The duration of the sighting was at least twenty minutes long, his next door neighbor observed the object while walking his dog. He and his son put binoculars and telescope on the object. The object looked like somebody reached down and put the object out. The object never changed position, it was in the west, 270 deg az and 75 deg elev.

The object was perfectly stationary. The pulsating was similar to that of a lightning bug but not quite the same. Mr. [REDACTED] gave his boy and the neighbors boy a pencil, and they all drew the same thing. It looked like the bottom of our space ships, with cracks in the surface, similar to that of a volcano. Mr. [REDACTED] said he didn't know if anybody was aboard but he sure would like to know what the object is. Mr. [REDACTED] feels that the people in this country are not crazy and that the Air Force has been a little pooh pooh about the sightings. Mr. [REDACTED] used to be in the Air Force.

Mr. [REDACTED] glad that the University of Colorado is doing their own independent evaluational investigations into UFOs. Major Quintanilla said he would send him four copies of PID Form 164 so that he and his neighbors could complete them and return them in the self-addressed envelope.


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer has no sightings at 0930 EDT, 17 Jul 67. Report submitted. Additional information was never received.

At the bottom of the form:
(previous editions of this form may be used)

The rest of the document appears to have illegible or blank sections.


- page 4 -

TNEW/UFO (Maj. Quintanilla)/70916/jaz/13 Oct 67)
UFO Observation of 5-7 Oct 1967

Cincinnati 39, Ohio 45239

1. Thank you for reporting your sighting of 5-7 Oct 1967 to the Air Force. However, additional information is needed. If you would complete the enclosed FTD Form 164, it would be helpful in our analysis.

2. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
06-07 OCT 67
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day:
0310     7 OCT
Hour    Minutes

(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other __________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you?
Cincinnati, 39       Ohio
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours    20-25    Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
             d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? car radio & approximation (both times)
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy
                    (clear)

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? NW

(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 64 164


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember - did not see

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid <- both -> d. As a light
b. Transparent e. Don't remember
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter c. About the same
b. Dimmer d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Road flare in air

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred - 1st time -> too light
b. Like a bright star e. Other
c. Sharply outlined - 2nd time
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know - saw it twice

* change about every minute


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes. 1st time - took off quickly to south
2nd time - was in car, couldn't tell

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes [No] Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes [No] Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound no
b. Color fluorescent red - both cases

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1st time - would have covered the object (at great altitude)
2nd time - would not have covered (at lesser altitude)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
1st time - too high to determine shape
going SW
noticed a trail S.W.
behind object occasionally

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object is included, with notes about the first and second time observations]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? much like their satellite

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1st time - comparable to satellite
2nd time - 30,000-35,000 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car - 2nd time
c. Outdoors - 1st time
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? - 1st
c. In open countryside? - 2nd
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East            e. South            g. West
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 35-40 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses        Yes    No    e. Binoculars        Yes    No
b. Sun glasses       Yes    No    f. Telescope         Yes    No
c. Windshield        Yes    No    g. Theodolite        Yes    No
d. Window glass      Yes    No    h. Other 2nd time - threw little off in car

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
Second time - appeared as 2 sources joined to form a figure 8 - shaped object


- page 9 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Proceeded
7 S.W. 3 min
slide 30 sec
5-3 min
slide 3 sec
N - 3 min
pause 30 sec

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? only one
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
TWO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Mr. 4 family
Cincinnati, 35, Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
Last Name                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 11 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    TDEN/UFO

SUBJECT:    UFO Observation 25 Jul 67

TO:         [Redacted] Street
            Bayonne, New Jersey 07002

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific investigation. Request you complete the attached PFD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

                    JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
                    Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
PFD Form 164 w/envelope

NOV 1 1967 [Stamp]


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    07    Oct    1967
     Day     Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Yes, Subject has observed "all types" of air craft, & feels that this is different from any thing he has ever seen.


- page 13 -

Weather Data

6 Oct 67 Cinci

Local time     Wind     Knots

2100           070      11
2200           050      10
2300           040       6
2400           060      12


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE GROUP: 10/10/54
2. LOCATION: NELSON, IOWA (2 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE: [Illegible]
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: E to NE
8. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes [X] No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [ ] Yes [X] No

10. CONCLUSION: Possible (Airborne)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
The observers sighted a light that was white in the center with an orange ring, a dark space and then blue rays or flames. The observer estimated the height to be 1000 to 1500 ft.

COMMENTS: Nothing unusual was noticed on radar. No pilots reported anything unusual to the control tower in Waterloo or Aurora, Ill. It seems possible that the sighting could have been of a small plane or helicopter with its landing lights on or even of the Planet Venus which was at about 14 deg elevation and 84 deg azimuth during the time of sighting.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 15 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
10   Oct   1967
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 4   15
(Circle One):   A.M.   or   P.M.
Hour   Minutes

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: O'Brien   Fayette   Iowa
                        City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                                 20
                                 Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
                    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No X

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy, partly

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 16 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
* VERY BRIGHT SEAL BEAM LAMP

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
1. Like a bright star
2. Sharply outlined
c. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know are present for each item]


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? yes, appeared to
go away - it was not close at all - just faded out, just did not
go out of horizon, just went to nothing and vanished

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: slipped behind a small hill. Then started
straight up then moved to southwest

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:   Partly when we came over hill. Passed up
in front of hill and have a building style of flying SE

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   Couldn't tell or heard tone over sky was making soft noise
b. Color   light in center, with orange wing dark space and blue
edge and ground

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
very little

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included with labels:
- Bright white light
- Orange glowing
- Blue rays or slams
- Not sure how many sets
- These would change
- Length or opposite side to direction
of movement]


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   BUT VERY FAST

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   1000 TO 1500 Feet

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1000 to 1500 Feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   AT DIFFERENT   g. West
b. Northeast   c. East   d. South   h. Northwest
                            f. Southwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 35 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window   Yes   No   h. Other

26. In order that you can give us clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A ROUND CIRCLE ONLY VIEWED IN ONE PERSPECTIVE WAS ALL AS ROUND IN SHAPE


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

on another paper

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted text]
6 Austin place

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Redacted personal information]
First Name: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: Street: [Redacted]   City: Columbus   State: OH
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]   AGE: 26   SEX: M

Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Patrolman of Columbus Police Dept. was on duty at time of sighting

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?
10   OCT   1967   11 Corp.
Day   Month   Year   [Additional handwritten notes]


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    3    NOV    1967
    Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[Handwritten text, partially illegible, appears to read:]
"object followed & visible cause seemed & stay
about some distance away from us at all times
[and] the distance was as we stepped & change & 
flat time"

Page 3 NOV is marked in the top right corner, and this is Page 7 of the document.


- page 22 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

25 July 67

Miss N
[Address line partially obscured]
Cleveland, Ohio 44106

AUG 21 1967

[Other markings: "Noted 167" and a small sketch/notation in the left margin]

Most of the document appears to be very faint or illegible due to poor image quality and scanning.


- page 23 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

WENT
TO NE
WITH FIELD

ROCK ISLAND
RAILROAD TRACK

GLEN HAVEN
COUNTRY CLUB &
GOLF COURSE

HIGHWAY #150

FLIGHT OF OBJECT
TRAVEL OF
SQUAD CAR

VC FARM
CENTER

CEMETERY

NORTH SOUTH
WEST

WALKERS
WOODS

HIGH VOLTAGE
LINE

O SIGHTED OBJECT
HERE

ELSEWHERE HERE WHEN
I SAW OBJECT

Some text appears to be partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document.

The document appears to be a hand-drawn map with various locations and directional annotations related to what seems to be a UFO sighting report.


- page 24 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

WENT
SOME HERE
TO NOT EAST
TITANIUM

GLEN HAVEN
COUNTRY CLUB &
GOLF COURSE

ROCK ISLAND
RAILROAD TRACK

HIGHWAY #150

LIGHTED OBJECT
TRAVEL OF
SQUAD CAR

NORTH + SOUTH
WEST

V-C FARM
CENTER

CEMETERY

ROCK
QUARRY

WILLERS
WOODS

SIGHTED OBJECT
HERE

HIGH VOLTAGE
LINE

WHERE HERE WHEN
A SAW OBJECT


- page 25 -

TPPT (UFO)   Maj Quintanilla/70915/msl/1 Feb 68

UFO Observation, 10 October 1967

[Redacted address]
Delwitz, Iowa 50662

1. Reference our letter of 19 January 1968 in which we requested additional information on your unidentified flying object (UFO) observation of 10 October 1967. We regret that the forms you completed on your sighting were misplaced, with resultant in our further correspondence to you on this incident. Fortunately, your reply of 3 November 1967 has been located.

2. We would appreciate your asking [redacted] to complete the AF Form 117 that we forwarded to you in error. His personal description is necessary prior to making a final evaluation.

3. Once again, we are sorry that several forms were sent to you in error. Thank you for the assistance you have provided.

[Signature]
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

[Handwritten notes at bottom, partially illegible, appear to reference angles or measurements]

Handwritten notes seem to include references to angles like 12°, 15°, and 85°, but are not completely clear.


- page 26 -

TDPT (UFO) MAJ Quintanilla/TO916/mhs/19 Jan 68
UFO Observation, 10 October 1967

1. Your name was given as a witness to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting on October 10, 1967. On October 25 and November 2nd we forwarded Form 117 for your completion to aid in our investigation on this report. We are including another AF Form 117 for your completion. If you were not a witness, please state so and return the Form in the self-addressed envelope.

2. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

"DPT (UFO) MAJ Quintanilla/70916/mhs/21 Nov 67
UFO Observation, 10 October 1967

Celwin, Iowa 50662

1. Your name was given as a witness to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting on October 10, 1967. On October 25, we forwarded a PTD Form 164 for your completion to aid in our investigation on this report. Our records indicate that you have not returned the forms. Therefore, we are enclosing an AF Form 117 (latest UFO Form) for your completion. If you were not a witness, please state so and return the form in the self-addressed envelope.

2. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117"


- page 28 -

USET/UFO (Ma) Quintanilla/70916/mhs/25 Oct 67)
UFO Observation, 10 October 1967

738 Radar Squadron
Waverly AF Sta, Iowa 50677

Reference your message 7380IW/C0167 Oct 67, subject UFO report of 10 October 1967.

a. Was there any traffic on your radar scope at the time of the sighting?

b. Was there any air traffic in the area of Waterloo? If so, did they report anything unusual to the control tower? Did personnel in the control tower have any comments as to a possible cause for this observation?

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES C. MAYNATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems


- page 29 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
788TH RADAR SQUADRON (SAGE) (ADC)
WAVERLY AIR FORCE STATION
WAVERLY, IOWA 50657

7 November 1967

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 788 OIN

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 10 October 1967

TO: TOIT/380

Reference your letter 26 October 1967, subject UFO report of 10 October 1967.

1. Yes there were normal traffic indications on our radar scopes. There was also some ECM due to an upcoming exercise noted in that period.

2. There was normal air traffic in the Waterloo area. No pilots reported anything unusual to the control tower in Waterloo. Traffic was not controlled by Waterloo but Wiar Route Traffic Control Center (ARTCC) in Aurora, Illinois. Control tower personnel in Waterloo could not offer any explanation for this particular sighting. Personnel at ARTCC have no record of anything unusual reported to them at that time.

FOR THE COMMANDER

MICHAEL F. CARR, 2nd Lt, USAF
Intelligence Officer


- page 30 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEN/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 19 Oct 67

TO: [Recipient's address is blacked out, only zip code 50562 is visible]

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific investigation. Please set you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and ret in in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 31 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDES/LTD

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 10 Oct 67

TO: [Redacted location, Iowa 50662]

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific investigation.

Respond on complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MARATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNCLASSIFIED                ROUTINE

F-FTD
1553

ATTN: AFOAT-WPAFB/DOCS 4X2Q115-MUUG-RUEDFIA.
2ND USAFD

R 161830Z OCT 67

FM HAGAR SEBEL WAVERLY AFSTA. LA

TO AMFPAAOQ SAT AFB COLO

ROUTE VICAF RICHARDS GROUP AFIS MO
RUCIPM/APGC TI&MA FLD WISC
RUCIPM/AFSC PAFD WRIO-FTD
RUFPIM/USAF WASH DC
RUCIPM/USAF

HQ/JU OF COLO BOLDER COLO
BT

UNCLAS T-PCI/J0167 OCT 67. FOR ADC (ADOLN), LOAF (10-DIN),
20SS (10-DIN), AFSC (FT), HQ USAFR, AFNIN, SAFOI, UFO REPORT.
THIS MESSAGE IN TWELVE PARTS. PART A. DESCRIPTION: 1. ROUND.
2. FOOTBALL. 3. YELLO. ORANGE SET BLUE. 4. ONE. 5. N/A.
6. NO. 7. NONE. 8. N/A. PART B. COURSE OF OBJECT: 1.
ATTRACTED BY BRIGHT LIGHT. 2. 20 DEG WHEN FIRST SIGHTED. 3. 20 DEG
WAS DISAPPEARED IN THE DISTANCE. 4. OBJECT KEPT EVEN SPEED &
ALTITUDE. IT MOVED VERY FAST AND ERRATICALLY WHEN FIRST SIGHTED.
OBJECT PROCEEDED EAST FOR S/T MILE THEN SOUTH THEN NORTH THEN EAST.

UNCLASSIFIED                ROUTINE

S-l 144


- page 33 -

The

Cleveland, Ohio
July 26, 1967

Air Force Systems Command
Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio
Gentlemen:

I have been advised by the
Cleveland Special Investigation Agency in
Cleveland to contact your office in order to
report a strange sighting made by a friend
and myself as we drove west on Cedar Avenue
towards Cleveland from Gates Mills, on Tues.
July 25. The sighting took place at approx.
1115 P.M. and we telephoned the Lynhurst
police at approx. 1125 P.M. Although the
police listened politely and said it would
be reported to the proper agency, I believe
it is possible that they did not take us
seriously enough to do so. Both of us are
very certain that what we saw was no air
craft operated by the United States, and that
it can not be explained away as some kind of
"natural phenomenon."

I am a Ph.D. candidate at the Case-
Western Reserve Program of Philosophical
Studies. My companion on that night was
Mr. [ILLEGIBLE], a graduate student at Case
Institute of Technology who will be graduated
as a Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering this Sept.


- page 34 -

UNCLASSIFIED                                                ROUTINE

THE OBJECT AT HOVERED FOR A WHILE THEN WENT NORTH THEN SOUTH
THEN CAME BACK FIRST AND WILL DISAPPEARING IN THE DISTANCE.

PAGE 2 UNCONFIRMED CELLS

5. DISAPPEARED IN THE DISTANCE. 6. OBJECT VISIBLE FROM 0415-0435
(CENTRAL DAYLIGHT). PART C. MANNER OF OBSERVATION: 1.
GROUND VISUAL. 2. NO AIDS OTHER THAN PRESCRIPTION EYEGLASSES.

PART D. DATE/TIME: 1A. 10 OCTOBER 1967-10352. 2. NIGHT.
PART E. LOCATION: 1. 2 MILES SOUTH OF DENVER CITY, IOWA.
PART F. IDENTIFICATION: 1. [REDACTED]
                        [REDACTED] IOWA
HIGHLY RELIABLE. 2. [REDACTED] DEL CITY, IOWA PART G. WEATHER

1. ACCORDING TO THE T.W. FAIR WITH SOME CLOUDS. STARS STILL
VISIBLE. 2. 20TH AIR DIVISION DK OSBVR 300 DRK 4.50 DVREST
15 PLUS 95 DEGREES/ 25 DEGREES/ 20 DEGREES/ 7 / NO AERIAL PHENOMENA.

ALTITUDE    DIRECTION   SPEED    TEMP
 5,000       020         5 KTS    -7
10,000       250        15 KTS    -0

NO INTERVALS?

UNCLASSIFIED                                ROUTINE


- page 35 -

UNCLASSIFIED                ROUTINE

16,000     350    40 KTS         -12
20,000     341    55 KTS         -23
30,000     341    65 KTS         -46
50,000     300    45 KTS         -57

PART 1. INC. PART 1. MOB. PART J. LOCAL AIRPORT REPORTED

PAGE 3 INCIDENTS UNCLASSIFIED

ACTUAL UNUSUAL OCCURRED AT THESE TIMES AND NO SIGHTINGS WERE
REPORTED. PART 1. PREPARING OFFICER IS INTELLIGENCE OFFICER,
765 RADAR SQN WAVERLY AFBS IOWA. COMMENTS: NO PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
OF ANYTHING UNUSUAL. OBJECT COULD BE A LOW FLYING AIRCRAFT.
NO RATIONAL EXPLANATION FOR BEHAVIOR OF OBJECT. PLEASE NOTE:
WHEN ASKED DIRECTLY BOTH MEN DENIED HAVING MADE ANY ATTEMPT TO
CONTACT BEFORE I CONTACTED THEM.
GT

UNCLASSIFIED                ROUTINE


- page 36 -

I talked to Lt. Carr about the sightings. He has not investigated it yet, however he is going to investigate. All information that he has is completely second hand. He has received through news media the following:

A little before 0400 I a Mrs. of Casian woke up and saw a bright object skimming over the tree tops. She observed it for about 1½ min.

Sometime before 0400 I a farmer from Farnasburg named [REDACTED] saw a red tinged object that hurt his eyes when he looked at it.

At about 0,001 two police officers from Gelein ( one was the assist. chief of police) saw a circular object that was about a mile away. The object emitted blue rays that hurt their eyes. The object was first headed SE but then turned E. They followed it for about 2 mile till it turned NE. They continued to follow another 2 mile till their car had a flat tire and they were forced to stop.

At or about the same time a motorist on the road from Gelein to Strawberry saw a bright object that hurt his eyes. It seemed to go too slowly to be an airplane. He followed it for a while but finally lost it.

A little later three girls at Prairie Du Chien reported seeing a UFO to the Nuns at the school (?) they attend.


- page 37 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

TYPE OF OBSERVATION:

LENGTH OF OBSERVATION:

TYPE OBSERVATION:

CONCLUSION:

Object was observed only as bright light. S
with yellow hue. Was a distance of approx.
time of other 3 or 4 yellow to bright white
object and stated to approach. Observers p
back to its origin. Observers did not track
track.

Citing: Time and duration cannot be verified
although the color duration from yellow to white cannot be verified
the above sighting.

See data 5 page 47

Previous edition of this form may be used.

Some parts of the text are partially illegible or cut off, so I've transcribed what I could clearly read.


- page 38 -

Here is the text from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

From: RAF CON
Msg: 30 OCT 10:100 PM

REMARKS
Planes that were coming in for landing at Wright PAT all would have come in from South West of City, would have been having landing trim.

T-29 0848 pm
T-33 0851 pm
T-29 0852 pm

DD FORM 95


- page 39 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 29 Oct 67

TO: [Redacted]
Farmersville, Ohio 45325

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific investigation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

NOV 1 1967


- page 40 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
30   10   1967
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:
10     00
Hour   Minutes

(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is blacked out]
R.D. Pikesville                   Ohio   30
City or Town                 State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    1       30
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?  Timed by wrist watch second hand
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 41 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
f. 250 WATT LIGHT BULB VIEWED FROM 4 MILE AWAY

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 42 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
N/O

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: THE OBJECT WAS ABSOLUTELY SILENT
b. Color: IT CHANGED COLORS FROM YELLOW TO BRIGHT WHITE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? APPROXIMATELY
3/4 OF THE OBJECT WOULD HAVE BEEN COVERED BY MATCH HEAD EXCEPT FOR THE PERIODS WHEN IT BECAME INTENSELY BRIGHT. DURING BRIGHTEST PERIODS ONLY 1/2 OF OBJECT WOULD HAVE BEEN COVERED BY MATCH HEAD.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow aside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

(THERE WERE NO VAPOR OR EXHAUST TRAILS)


- page 43 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  200 - 1574

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?  ABOUT TWO MILES

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ___________

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ___________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             d. Southeast        g. West
b. Northeast         e. South            h. Northwest
c. East              f. Southwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No    e. Binoculars       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No    f. Telescope        Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No    g. Theodolite       Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No    h. Other ____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A YELLOW LIGHT BULB AT A DISTANCE OF APPROXIMATELY 4 MILES WOULD APPEAR SIMILAR TO THE OBJECT EXCEPT FOR PERIODS OF INTENSE BRIGHTNESS.


- page 44 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

On Tuesday evening we were driving west on Cedar Road at approximately 30 miles an hour I was driving, and through the windshield I noticed a peculiar light ahead of us and to my left. It first caught my attention because it was much too low to be an airport searchlight, although that is the best analogy I can offer of what I saw. At first I saw a light, while later that Mr. also noticed it was still ahead of us. As we came closer, it was still ahead of us and we saw what lo-ked like 1, 2, or 3 streaks of glowing light. Perfectly parallel to the road, going east and moving parallel to the road, giving the best description we could, it seemed somewhat disconnected at that moment. It illuminated space. We looked at the time it was moving through space, and it wasn't until they were 4 or 5 distinct objects that we could see it as 4 or 5 distinct glowing objects traveling very fast and in seeming perfect formation.

The most peculiar aspects of what we saw were: 1, the objects were moving quite low (Mr. 30-50 feet); 2, they were quite close to, and parallel to, the highway we were driving on; 3, they were traveling in perfect formation, at a rather high speed (although nothing like the speed of a jet plane) and were moving in a definite


- page 45 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

The object was observed only as a bright light. It changed course briefly. Not stopped its previous course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 46 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
I HAVE NEVER BEFORE SEEN ANYTHING
THAT WAS EVEN REMOTELY SIMILAR
THIS OBJECT.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  YES  No
31.1 If yes, and would YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)  YES  No

31.2 Place list their names and addresses:
FARMERSVILLE, OHIO                                                 RD.
(MY WIFE)

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME [Last Name redacted] [First Name redacted] [Middle Name redacted]
ADDRESS [Street redacted] FARMERSVILLE, OHIO
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 38 SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
IN 1944, AT THE AGE OF FIFTEEN, I WAS
A VOLUNTEER CIVILIAN AIRPLANE SPOTTER. I
HAD MORE THAN A YEAR OF EXPERIENCE
OBSERVING AIRCRAFT (AND IDENTIFYING THEM) DURING
BOTH DAYTIME AND NIGHTTIME HOURS.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
30     10     1967
Day    Month   Year
REPORT WAS MADE TO WRIGHT UFO DEPARTMENT.


- page 47 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    2    11    1967
     Day    Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I OBSERVED THIS OBJECT FOUR DIFFERENT TIMES. THE FIRST OBSERVATION WAS MADE ON 29 OCTOBER, 1967 AT 8:30 P.M. - THE SECOND OBSERVATION WAS MADE ON THE SAME DATE AT MIDNIGHT. THE THIRD OBSERVATION WAS MADE ON 30 OCTOBER, 1967 AT 9:45 P.M. THE FOURTH OBSERVATION WAS ON 30 OCTOBER, 1967 AT 10:00 P.M. AND IS THE OBSERVATION DESCRIBED IN THIS REPORT.

THE OBJECT WAS OBSERVED IN THE MOST INCREDIBLE MANNER DURING THE SECOND SIGHTING (MIDNIGHT ON 29 OCTOBER, 1967). THE FIRST OBSERVATION MADE ME QUITE CURIOUS SO I SPENT SEVERAL PERIODS OF 30 MINUTES OR THEREABOUTS STANDING IN MY SIDE YARD IN AN EFFORT TO OBTAIN ANOTHER LOOK AT THIS OBJECT AND PERHAPS IDENTIFY IT AT MIDNIGHT. I WAS LOOKING TO THE WEST WHEN INSTANTLY AND SUDDENLY A BRIGHT YELLOW LIGHT APPEARED APPROXIMATELY TEN DEGREES TO THE RIGHT OF THE SKY AT WHICH I WAS LOOKING. THE LIGHT APPEARED ALONE (SLIGHTLY) AND BEYOND A LARGE SOLITARY TREE WHICH STANDS APPROXIMATELY 500 FEET (OVER)


- page 48 -

Here is the text from the document:

Away from my yard, the object was
at less than 15 degrees elevation. It
remained absolutely stationary for a
period which I would estimate at
five or six seconds and then glided
away to the north (slightly NE) at
perhaps 200 mph. (The object remained
in sight on all four occasions until
it disappeared over the horizon a little
north of northwest.) At no time
did the object emit any sound of
any kind. It never appeared to flicker.
Go on and off, nor did it change speeds.
It appeared only as a very bright light
which, during the first and fourth
observations especially became intensely
bright. These brightest periods lasted for
approximately two or three seconds
each and occurred during each observation.

I might add that observations #1 and #2
were made on a bright and cloudless
night. Also, the fact that the object
was motionless is something to which
I am absolutely certain inasmuch as
my yard is situated almost 1/4 mile
back a lane and is very quiet. The
sounds of both jet and propeller driven

(see attached page)


- page 49 -

Here is the text from the document:

PAGE 9

AIRCRAFT ARE CLEARLY VISIBLE FOR LONG DISTANCES IN MY YARD SINCE THERE ARE PRACTICALLY NO COMPETITIVE SOUNDS AND THE AREA IS OPEN.

I AM UNABLE TO GIVE ANY INFORMATION ON THE CONFIGURATION OF THIS OBJECT DUE TO THE FACT THAT THE ENTIRE OBJECT WAS BRIGHTLY LIGHTED. IT HAD NO NAVIGATION LIGHTS -- JUST THE BRIGHT ILLUMINOSITY OF THE OBJECT ITSELF. ON TWO OCCASIONS DURING OBSERVATION #4 IT CHANGED COLOR, GOING FROM BRIGHT YELLOW TO BRIGHT WHITE.

IN 1944 I OBSERVED A WEATHER PHENOMENON KNOWN AS "BALL LIGHTNING." THIS OBJECT BORE NO RESEMBLANCE TO "BALL LIGHTNING." IT WAS NOT AN AIRCRAFT OF ANY TYPE. IT WAS NOT A METEORITE. IT WAS NOT A CELESTIAL BODY.

I DON'T KNOW WHAT THIS OBJECT WAS BUT IT APPEARED AS A VERY BRIGHT LIGHT WHICH SEEMED TO GLIDE ALONG -- SILENTLY. IT WAS NOTHING EVEN REMOTELY SIMILAR TO ANYTHING WHICH I HAD EVER SEEN BEFORE.

(OVER)


- page 50 -

Here is the text from the document:

PAGE 10

I will say that it was an eerie
and somewhat frightening sight. In fact,
it frightened my wife into tears.

I would appreciate it if you
can offer some credible and reasonable
explanation regarding what this object
might have been. I am not a "flying
saucer" nut - but I must admit that
I can't help wondering what in hell
I saw.

When I have an opportunity I
will continue to look for this object.
(All four observations were flying
the same course - from SW to NE)
Now being the point at which the object
disappeared over the horizon.) Perhaps
if I continue to scan SW I might
see it again - this time I'll try
to photograph the object with a camera
which I have loaded and ready. I'll notify
you. Thank you.

Very truly yours


- page 51 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
29 TH Oct 67
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 2030
             Hours   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Farmersville, Ohio
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
1     30
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?: Guessed

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
             b. In back of you
             c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 52 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
slowly faded + flew off

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   none
b. Color   white star

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object, would have been covered by the match head?
yes   thin later most wouldn't

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The drawing area is blank]


- page 53 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?    200 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    3-4 m.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East            e. South            g. West
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses        Yes    No        f. Binoculars        Yes    No
b. Sun glasses       Yes    No        g. Telescope        Yes    No
c. Windshield        Yes    No        h. Theodolite        Yes    No
d. Window glass      Yes    No        i. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw
Cent.


- page 54 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are on this point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 55 -

direction.

All of this took place within a few seconds, but I have tried to describe as best as I can how it appeared at each successive stage--that is, at the points at which it passed us. Locking back through the rear window, we were no longer able to see it.

The area alongside of the highway over which it was flying was somewhat open and desolate. We did not detect any sounds from the objects, and there were no other cars on the road at that moment. We stopped at a gas station a few minutes later and telephoned the police.

I am reporting this to you in case you have received other reports on that evening and may find this information useful. I have told you all I can remember, but if you should want to contact me I will be at the above address until Friday, July 28. From July 29 until Sept. 9, I can be reached at my home address:

Bayonne, New Jersey 07002

Mr. [REDACTED] can be reached at the above Cleveland address until Sept.

Yours truly,
[REDACTED]


- page 56 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER NONE     AGE     SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?
Day     Month     Year


- page 57 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[All fields blank]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire. A more comprehensive explanation of your sighting:

going north then east - then north east - then sharp right angle turns, not as an aircraft

Page 7 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 58 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

1. DATE 29/12/62
2. LOCATION Akron, Ohio
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE Stationary SW
8. PHOTOS □ Yes ■ None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE □ Yes ■ None

10. CONCLUSION Possible (SARTO) Sirius is the probable green. Betelgeuse a red and was observed slightly below horizon at the beginning of the observation but gradually disappeared as the observation continued.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observed was an object that looked like a star only at way. Titles as OB, and on 29 Dec 62 at 7:30 PM. Colors given in OD report were: No. JRK/well white. Observed at the beginning of the observation between 6:30 and 8. The observation gives an ETA as about 1 mile with elevation. Observer said object raised to about 20° in sky. Observation of 6.


- page 59 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    TDPY/UFO

SUBJECT:    UFO Observation, 28 November 1967

TO:         Mrs. [REDACTED] & [REDACTED]
             Kettering, Ohio 45429

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Branch (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object.

If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 28 November 1967, you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please make a statement to this effect on the attached form.

The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this Observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

JAMES C. MARATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Production

1 Atch
AF Form 117


- page 60 -

SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA QUESTIONNAIRE

THIS QUESTIONNAIRE HAS BEEN PREPARED SO THAT YOU CAN GIVE THE U.S. AIR FORCE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE CONCERNING THE UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA YOU HAVE OBSERVED. PLEASE TRY TO ANSWER ALL OF THE QUESTIONS. THE INFORMATION YOU GIVE WILL BE USED FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES. YOUR NAME WILL NOT BE USED IN CONFIDENCE WITH ANY OF YOUR STATEMENTS OR CONCLUSIONS WITHOUT YOUR PERMISSION. RETURN TO AIR FORCE BASE INVESTIGATOR FOR FORWARDING TO FTD (TETR), WRIGHT.

Handwritten text in section 5 (Where were you when you saw the phenomenon):
Williams is only 13 years old, he saw the phenomenon for awhile then went to be sand he saw not explain.

The document includes a diagram with an observer point and curved lines showing elevation angles from 0 to 90 degrees.

At the bottom of the form is printed: AF FORM 117 AUG 29


- page 61 -

Here is the text from the document:

6A. NOW IMAGINE YOU ARE AT THE CENTER OF THE COMPASS ROSE. PLACE AN "A" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN. PLACE A "B" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN.

7. IN THE SKETCH BELOW, PLACE AN "A" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN, AND A "B" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN. CONNECT THE "A" AND "B" WITH A LINE TO APPROXIMATE THE MOVEMENT OF THE PHENOMENON BETWEEN "A" AND "B". THAT IS, SCHEMATICALLY SHOW WHETHER THE MOVEMENT APPEARED TO BE STRAIGHT, CURVED OR ZIG-ZAG. REFER TO SMALLER SKETCH AS AN EXAMPLE OF HOW TO COMPLETE THE LARGER SKETCH.

PAGE 2 OF 9 PAGES


- page 62 -

WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? (Check appropriate block.)

OUTDOORS
IN BUILDING
IN CAR
AS DRIVER
AS PASSENGER
IN BOAT
IN AIRPLANE
AS PILOT
AS PASSENGER
OTHER

IN BUSINESS SECTION OF CITY
IN RESIDENTIAL SECTION OF CITY
IN OPEN COUNTRYSIDE
NEAR AIRFIELD
FLYING OVER CITY
FLYING OVER OPEN COUNTRY
OTHER

IF YOU WERE IN A VEHICLE, COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:
WHAT DIRECTION WERE YOU MOVING?
NORTH
EAST
SOUTH
WEST
NORTHEAST
SOUTHEAST
NORTHWEST
SOUTHWEST
EXPLAIN WHETHER SUCH MOVEMENT AFFECTS YOUR SKETCHES IN ITEMS 5 AND 6.

HOW FAST WERE YOU MOVING?

DID YOU STOP ANYTIME WHILE OBSERVING THE
PHENOMENON?
YES
NO

DESCRIBE TYPE OF VEHICLE YOU WERE IN AND TYPE OF ROAD, TERRAIN OR BODY OF WATER YOU TRAVERSED DURING
THE SIGHTING. STATE WHETHER WINDOWS OR CONVERTIBLE TOP WERE UP OR DOWN.

HOW MUCH OTHER TRAFFIC WAS THERE?
DID YOU NOTICE ANY AIRPLANES?
YES
NO. IF "YES", DESCRIBE WHEN THEY WERE IN SIGHT RELATIVE TO THE TIME
OF SIGHTING THE PHENOMENON AND WHERE THEY WERE IN THE SKY RELATIVE TO THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON.

HOW LONG WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT?
LENGTH OF TIME

CERTAIN OF TIME
FAIRLY CERTAIN

NOT VERY SURE
JUST A GUESS

HOW WAS TIME DETERMINED?
WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT CONTINUOUSLY?

YES

NO. IF "NO", INDICATE WHETHER THIS IS DUE TO YOUR
MOVEMENT OR THE BEHAVIOR OF THE PHENOMENON, AND DESCRIBE SUCH MOVEMENT OR BEHAVIOR. INDICATE DISAP-
PEARANCES ON PREVIOUS SKETCHES.

PAGE 3 OF 9 PAGES


- page 63 -

Here is the text from the document:

10. IF THERE WERE MORE THAN ONE PHENOMENON, HOW MANY WERE THERE? DRAW A PICTURE TO SHOW HOW THEY WERE ARRANGED. DID THIS ARRANGEMENT CHANGE DURING THE SIGHTING?

11. A.                                      B.                   CONDITIONS (Check appropriate block)     WEATHER
    DAY                                                         FOG OR MIST
    TWILIGHT                                CUMULUS CLOUDS (Low fluffy)
    NIGHT                                   CIRRUS CLOUDS (High fluffy or Herring-bone)
    CLEAR                                   NIMBUS CLOUDS (Rain)                      LIGHT RAIN OR DRIZZLE
    PARTLY CLOUDY                           CUMULO-NIMBUS CLOUDS                      HAIL
    COMPLETELY OVERCAST                     (Thunderstorms)                           SNOW OR SLEET
                                                                                      UNKNOWN
    HAZE OR SMOG                                                                      NONE OF THE ABOVE

12. IF THE SIGHTING WAS AT TWILIGHT OR NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE ABOUT THE STARS AND MOON?
    NONE                                    BRIGHT MOONLIGHT                          NO MOONLIGHT
    A FEW                                   MOON WITH HALO                            UNKNOWN
    MANY                                    MOON HIDDEN BY CLOUDS
    UNKNOWN                                 PARTIAL (More or less)

    C. IF SIGHTING WAS IN DAYLIGHT, WAS THE SUN VISIBLE? □ YES   □ NO. IF "YES," WHERE WAS THE SUN AS YOU FACED
    THE PHENOMENON:
    IN FRONT OF YOU                         TO YOUR RIGHT                             OVERHEAD (Near noon)
    IN BACK OF YOU                          TO YOUR LEFT                              UNKNOWN

    D. SPECIFY THE MAJOR SOURCE OF ILLUMINATION PRESENT DURING THE SIGHTING, SUCH AS THE SUN, HEADLIGHTS OR
    STREET LAMP, ETC. FOR TERRESTRIAL ILLUMINATION, SPECIFY DISTANCE TO LIGHT SOURCE.

    12. GIVE A BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE PHENOMENON, INDICATING WHETHER IT APPEARED DARK OR LIGHT, WHETHER IT
    REFLECTED LIGHT OR WAS SELF-LUMINOUS AND WHAT COLOR. DESCRIBE YOUR IMPRESSION OF WHETHER
    IT WAS SOLID OR TRANSPARENT, WHETHER EDGES WERE SHARP OR FUZZY. DESCRIBE THE SHAPE OR INDICATE IF IT
    APPEARED AS A POINT OR LIGHT. INDICATE COMPARISONS WITH OTHER OBSERVED OBJECTS, LIKE STARS, A LIGHT OR
    OTHER OBJECT IN YOUR FIELD OF VIEW.

    PAGE 4 OF 9 PAGES


- page 64 -

Here is the text I can see in the document:

DID THE PHENOMENON

MOVE IN A STRAIGHT LINE?
STAND STILL AT ANY TIME?
SUDDENLY SPEED UP AND RUN AWAY?
BREAK UP IN PARTS AND EXPLODE?
CHANGE COLOR?
GIVE OFF SMOKE?
CHANGE BRIGHTNESS?
CHANGE SHAPE?
LEAVE A TRAIL?
DISAPPEAR AND REAPPEAR?
SPIN LIKE A TOP?
MAKE A NOISE?
FLUTTER OR WOBBLE?

14. WHAT DREW YOUR ATTENTION TO THE PHENOMENON?

15. HOW DID IT FINALLY DISAPPEAR?

16. DID THE PHENOMENON MOVE BEHIND OR IN FRONT OF SOMETHING, LIKE A CLOUD, TREE, OR BUILDING AT ANY TIME? YES NO (PLEASE DESCRIBE)

PAGE 5 OF 9 PAGES


- page 65 -

16. DRAW A PICTURE THAT WILL SHOW THE SHAPE OF THE PHENOMENON. INCLUDE AND LABEL ANY DETAILS THAT MIGHT HAVE APPEARED AS MIGHT BE SHOWN BY A PHOTOGRAPH. INDICATE DIRECTION THE PHENOMENON WAS MOVING, AND INDICATE EXHAUST OR VAPOR TRAILS. INDICATE BY AN ARROW THE DIRECTION THE PHENOMENON WAS MOVING.

16. WHAT WAS THE ANGULAR SIZEY HOLD A MATCH AT ARM'S LENGTH IN FRONT OF A KNOWN OBJECT, SUCH AS A STREET LAMP OR THE MOON. NOTE HOW MUCH OF THE OBJECT IS COVERED BY THE HEAD OF THE MATCH. NOW IF YOU HAD BEEN ABLE TO PERFORM THIS EXPERIMENT AT THE TIME OF THE SIGHTING, ESTIMATE WHAT FRACTION OF THE PHENOMENON COULD HAVE BEEN COVERED BY THE MATCH HEAD.

PAGE 6 OF 9 PAGES


- page 66 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 25 July 67                                 AUG 21 1967

TO: [Redacted address]
     Bayonne, New Jersey 07002

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

[Signature]
Director of Technology and Subsystems     1 Atch
                                          FTD Form 164 w/envelope

FTD (TD-UFO)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
OFFICIAL BUSINESS

[Mailing address redacted]
Bayonne, New Jersey 07002

UNKNOWN

FTD FORM 383
JUL 30 1967   This form supersedes ATIC Form No. 383, dated December 1956

POSTAGE AND FEES PAID
[Postmark and postal markings]


- page 67 -

Here is the text from the document:

17. DID YOU OBSERVE THE PHENOMENON THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING? INCLUDE INFORMATION ON MODEL, TYPE, FILTER, LENS PRESCRIPTION OR OTHER APPLICABLE DATA:

[Checkboxes for:]
- EYEGLASSES
- SUNGLASSES
- WINDSHIELD
- SIDE WINDOW OF VEHICLE
- A. DO YOU ORDINARILY WEAR GLASSES? □ YES □ NO

[Additional checkboxes for:]
- CAMERA VIEWER
- BINOCULARS
- TELESCOPE
- THEODOLITE
- B. DO YOU USE READING GLASSES? □ YES □ NO

18. WHAT WAS YOUR IMPRESSION OF THE SPEED OF THE PHENOMENON?
[Blank space]

19. WHAT WAS YOUR IMPRESSION OF THE DISTANCE OF THE PHENOMENON? GIVE ESTIMATE OF DISTANCE.
[Blank space]

20. IN ORDER THAT WE MAY OBTAIN AS CLEAR A PICTURE AS POSSIBLE OF WHAT YOU SAW, DESCRIBE IN YOUR OWN WORDS A COMMON OBJECT OR SOMETHING WHICH, WHEN PLACED IN THE SKY, WOULD SEEM TO HAVE SOME RESEMBLANCE TO WHAT YOU SAW. DESCRIBE SIMILARITIES AND DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE COMMON OBJECT AND WHAT YOU SAW.
[Blank space]

21. DID YOU NOTICE ANY ODOR, NOISE, OR HEAT EMANATING FROM THE PHENOMENON OR ANY EFFECT ON YOURSELF, ANIMALS OR MACHINERY IN THE VICINITY? □ YES □ NO. IF YES, DESCRIBE:
[Blank space]

A. DID THE PHENOMENON DISTURB THE GROUND OR LEAVE ANY PHYSICAL EVIDENCE. □ YES □ NO.
[Blank space]

PAGE 7 OF 9 PAGES


- page 68 -

Here is the text from the document:

22. HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THIS OR A SIMILAR PHENOMENON BEFORE? □ YES □ NO. IF "YES," GIVE DATE AND LOCATION.

23. WAS ANYONE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? □ YES □ NO. IF "YES," DID THEY SEE IT TOO?
A. LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES

24. GIVE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF
LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, MIDDLE NAME

ADDRESS (Street, City, State and Zip Code)

TELEPHONE (Area code and number)                AGE                MALE        FEMALE

INDICATE ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDING OCCUPATION AND ANY EXPERIENCE WHICH MAY BE PERTINENT.

25. WHEN AND TO WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SIGHTED THIS PHENOMENON?
NAME                                                DAY             MONTH             YEAR

26. DATE YOU COMPLETED THIS QUESTIONNAIRE
    DAY             MONTH             YEAR

PAGE 8 OF 9 PAGES


- page 69 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFCD)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TPPT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 23 November 1967

TO: [Redacted]
Kettering, Ohio 45429

Reference your recent unidentified flying object sighting which you reported to the Air Force. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific investigation. Request you complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the self-addressed envelope. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Production

1 Atch
AF Form 117


- page 70 -

BOB Nr 21-R258

SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA QUESTIONNAIRE

THIS QUESTIONNAIRE HAS BEEN PREPARED SO THAT YOU CAN GIVE THE U.S. AIR FORCE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE CONCERNING THE UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENON YOU HAVE OBSERVED. PLEASE TRY TO ANSWER ALL QUESTIONS. PRINT OR TYPE. ADDITIONAL SHEETS MAY BE ATTACHED IF MORE SPACE IS NEEDED. YOUR NAME WILL NOT BE USED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF YOUR STATEMENTS OR CONCLUSIONS WITHOUT YOUR PERMISSION. RETURN TO AIR FORCE BASE INTELLIGENCE FOR FORWARDING TO FTD (TDBDR), WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433, IAW 60-17. (IF ADDITIONAL SHEETS ARE NEEDED FOR NARRATIVE OR SKETCHES ATTACH SECURELY TO THIS FORM OR ANNOTATE WITH YOUR NAME FOR IDENTIFICATION.)

1. WHEN DID YOU SEE THE PHENOMENON?
DAY 28 MONTH Nov YEAR 1967

2. WHAT TIME DID YOU FIRST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON?
HOUR 22 MINUTES 30 □A.M. □P.M.

3. WHAT TIME DID YOU LAST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON?
HOUR 22 MINUTES 30 □A.M. □P.M.

4. TIME/ZONE □EASTERN □CENTRAL □DAYLIGHT SAVING □MOUNTAIN □PACIFIC □STANDARD □OTHER

5. WHERE YOU WERE WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? IF IN CITY, GIVE THE NEAREST STREET ADDRESS AND INDICATE ON A HAND DRAWN MAP WHERE YOU WERE STANDING WITH REFERENCE TO THE ADDRESS. IF IN THE COUNTRY, IDENTIFY THE HIGHWAY YOU WERE ON OR NEAR AND TRY TO FIX A DISTANCE AND DIRECTION FROM SOME RECOGNIZABLE LANDMARK.

off Wilmington Pike
near Darby Lane

6. [A diagram showing an observer's position and angle of observation with degrees marked from 0 to 90]

AF FORM 117
AUG 67


- page 71 -

Here is the text from the document:

6. NOW IMAGINE YOU ARE AT THE CENTER OF THE COMPASS ROSE. PLACE AN "A" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN. PLACE A "B" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN.

7. IN THE SKETCH BELOW, PLACE AN "A" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN, AND A "B" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN. CONNECT THE "A" AND "B" WITH A LINE TO APPROXIMATE THE MOVEMENT OF THE PHENOMENON BETWEEN "A" AND "B". THAT IS, SCHEMATICALLY SHOW WHETHER THE MOVEMENT IS STRAIGHT, CURVED OR ZIG-ZAG. REFER TO SMALLER SKETCH AS AN EXAMPLE OF HOW TO COMPLETE THE LARGER SKETCH.

PAGE 2 OF 9 PAGES


- page 72 -

Here is the text from the document:

WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? (Check appropriate blocks)

OUTDOORS
IN BUILDING
IN CAR        ☐ AS DRIVER    ☐ AS PASSENGER
IN BOAT
IN AIRPLANE   ☐ AS PILOT     ☐ AS PASSENGER
OTHER

IF YOU WERE IN A VEHICLE, WHERE WERE YOU MOVING?
NORTH                                 EAST
SOUTH                                 WEST
NORTHEAST                             SOUTHEAST
NORTHWEST                             SOUTHWEST

DID YOU STOP ANYTIME WHILE OBSERVING THE PHENOMENON?
☐ YES                                 ☐ NO

EXPLAIN WHETHER SUCH MOVEMENT EFFECTS YOUR SKETCHES IN ITEMS 5 AND 6.

DESCRIBE TYPE OF VEHICLE YOU WERE IN AND TYPE OF ROAD, TERRAIN OR BODY OF WATER YOU TRAVERSED DURING THE SIGHTING. STATE WHETHER WINDOWS OR CONVERTIBLE TOP WERE UP OR DOWN.

HOW MUCH OTHER TRAFFIC WAS THERE?

DID YOU NOTICE ANY AIRPLANES? ☐ YES   ☐ NO. IF YES, DESCRIBE WHEN THEY WERE IN SIGHT RELATIVE TO THE TIME OF SIGHTING THE PHENOMENON AND WHERE THEY WERE IN THE SKY RELATIVE TO THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON.

LENGTH OF TIME                         HOW LONG WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT
                                       CERTAIN OF TIME        NOT VERY SURE
                                       FAIRLY CERTAIN         JUST A GUESS
HOW WAS TIME DETERMINED?

WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT CONTINUOUSLY? ☐ YES   ☐ NO. IF "NO", INDICATE WHETHER THIS IS DUE TO YOUR MOVEMENT OR THE BEHAVIOR OF THE PHENOMENON. AND DESCRIBE SUCH MOVEMENT OR BEHAVIOR. INDICATE DISAPPEARANCES ON PREVIOUS SKETCHES.

PAGE 3 OF 3 PAGES


- page 73 -

Here is the text from the document:

10. IF THERE WERE MORE THAN ONE PHENOMENON, HOW MANY WERE THERE? DRAW A PICTURE TO SHOW HOW THEY WERE ARRANGED. DO THIS ARRANGEMENT CHANGE DURING THE SIGHTING?

11. CONDITIONS (Check appropriate blocks.)

A. SKY                                B. WEATHER
[Checkboxes for: Twilight, Night, Clear, Partly Cloudy, Complete Overcast]
[Checkboxes for: Cumulus Clouds, Cirrus Clouds, Nimbus Clouds, Cumulonimbus Clouds, Haze or Smog, Fog or Mist, Heavy Rain, Light Rain or Drizzle, Hail, Snow or Sleet, Unknown]

C. IF THE SIGHTING WAS AT TWILIGHT OR NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE ABOUT THE STARS AND MOON
[Checkboxes for: None, A Few, Many, Unknown]
[Checkboxes for: Bright Moonlight, Moon with Halo, Moon Hidden by Clouds, Partial, No Moonlight, Unknown]

D. IF SIGHTING WAS IN DAYLIGHT, WAS THE SUN VISIBLE? □ YES □ NO. IF "YES", WHERE WAS THE SUN AS YOU FACED

E. [Sections for: In Front of You, In Back of You, To Your Right, To Your Left, Overhead, Unknown]

E. SPECIFY THE MAJOR SOURCE OF ILLUMINATION PRESENT DURING THE SIGHTING, SUCH AS THE SUN, HEADLIGHTS OR STREET LAMP, ETC. FOR TERRESTRIAL ILLUMINATION, SPECIFY DISTANCE TO LIGHT SOURCE.

12. GIVE A BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE PHENOMENON, INDICATING WHETHER IT APPEARED DARK OR LIGHT, WHETHER IT REFLECTED LIGHT OR WAS SELF-LUMINOUS AND WHAT COLOR. DESCRIBE YOUR IMPRESSION OF WHETHER IT APPEARED SOLID OR TRANSPARENT, AND WHETHER IT SEEMED TO BE A SINGLE OBJECT OR A FORMATION. DESCRIBE THE SHAPE, OR INDICATE IT APPEARS AS A POINT OF LIGHT. INDICATE WITH COMPARISONS WITH OTHER OBSERVED OBJECTS, LIKE STARS, A LIGHT OR OTHER OBJECT IN YOUR FIELD OF VIEW.

PAGE 4 OF 9 PAGES


- page 74 -

Here is the text from the document:

13. MOVE IN A STRAIGHT LINE? [Checked "NO"]
STAY AND STILL AT ANYTIME? [Checked "NO"]
SUDDENLY SPEED UP AND RUN AWAY [Checked "NO"]
BREAK UP IN PARTS AND EXPLODE? [Checked "NO"]
CHANGE COLOR? [Checked "UNKNOWN"]
GIVE OFF SMOKE? [Checked "NO"]
CHANGE BRIGHTNESS? [Checked "NO"]
CHANGE SHAPE? [Checked "NO"]
FLASH OR FLICKER? [Checked "NO"]
DISAPPEAR AND REAPPEAR? [Checked "NO"]
SPIN LIKE A TOP? [Blank]
MAKE A NOISE? [Blank]

14. WHAT DREW YOUR ATTENTION TO THE PHENOMENON?
The fact that something out the window was flickering and changing colors.

15. HOW DID IT FINALLY DISAPPEAR?
It kept going up and to the southwest and we went to bed about 1:30.
NOT IND. 15 SUCH OR #6

16. DID THE PHENOMENON MOVE BEHIND OR IN FRONT OF SOMETHING, LIKE A CLOUD, TREE, OR BUILDING AT ANY TIME?
When I first saw it, it was between the tree about 1 block away, and then it started to move upward.

PAGE 5 OF 5 PAGES


- page 75 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. DRAW A PICTURE THAT WILL SHOW THE SHAPE OF THE PHENOMENON. INCLUDE AND LABEL ANY DETAILS THAT MIGHT HAVE APPEARED AS WITH PHOTRUSION, AND INDICATE EXHAUST OR VAPOR TRAIL. INDICATE BY AN ARROW THE DIRECTION THE PHENOMENON WAS MOVING.

[No drawing is present on this page]

15. WHAT WAS THE ANGULAR SIZE HOLD A MATCH AT ARM'S LENGTH IN FRONT OF A KNOWN OBJECT, SUCH AS A STREET LAMP OR THE MOON. NOTE HOW MUCH OF THE OBJECT IS COVERED BY THE HEAD OR THE MATCH HEAD. HOW AS YOU HAVE BEEN ABLE TO PERFORM THIS EXPERIMENT AT THE TIME OF THE SIGHTING, ESTIMATE WHAT FRACTION OF THE PHENOMENON WOULD HAVE BEEN COVERED BY THE MATCH HEAD.

[Handwritten text]
About half of its would have.

PAGE 6 OF 9 PAGES


- page 76 -

Here is the text from the document:

17. DID YOU OBSERVE THE PHENOMENON THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING? INCLUDE INFORMATION ON MODEL, TYPE, FILTER, LENS PRESCRIPTION OR OTHER APPLICABLE DATA.

VEHICLES:
- SUNGLASSES
- WINDSHIELD
- SIDE WINDOW OF VEHICLE
- WIND FRAME
- DO YOU NORMALLY WEAR GLASSES? ☐ YES ☒ NO

CAMERA VIEWER:
- BINOCULARS
- TELESCOPE
- THEODOLITE
- OTHER

18. DO YOU USE READING GLASSES? ☐ YES ☒ NO

19. WHAT WAS YOUR IMPRESSION OF THE SPEED OF THE PHENOMENON? GIVE ESTIMATE OF SPEED.

20. IN ORDER THAT WE MAY OBTAIN AS CLEAR A PICTURE AS POSSIBLE OF WHAT YOU SAW, DESCRIBES IN YOUR OWN WORDS A COMMON OBJECT OR OBJECTS WHICH, WHEN PLACED IN THE SKY, SIMILAR TO WHAT YOU NOTICED THE PHENOMENON, WOULD GIVE A REASONABLE APPROXIMATION TO WHAT YOU SAW. DESCRIBE SIMILARITIES AND DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE COMMON OBJECT AND WHAT YOU SAW:

A star only three times as big and wider, colors now where bright and always changing.

21. DID YOU NOTICE ANY ODOR, NOISE, OR HEAT EMANATING FROM THE PHENOMENON OR ANY EFFECT ON YOURSELF, ANIMALS OR MACHINERY IN THE VICINITY? ☐ YES ☒ NO. IF "YES", DESCRIBE:

22. A. DID THE PHENOMENON DISTURB THE GROUND OR LEAVE ANY PHYSICAL EVIDENCE. ☐ YES ☒ NO. IF "YES", DESCRIBE:

PAGE 7 OF 9 PAGES


- page 77 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

AERONOMY
INSUFFICIENT DATA

25 July 67

AUG 21 1967

[Address is partially obscured, but appears to be in Bayonne, New Jersey, with zip code 07002]

Notch 169


- page 78 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

22. HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THIS OR A SIMILAR PHENOMENON BEFORE? □ YES [X] NO. IF "YES", GIVE DATE AND LOCATION.

23. WAS ANYONE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? □ YES □ NO. IF "YES", DID THEY SEE IT TOO?
A. LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES (some additional text is handwritten but mostly obscured)

24. GIVE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF
(Most personal details are blacked out)
TELEPHONE: (partially obscured)
MALE [X] FEMALE □

25. WHEN AND TO WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SIGHTED THIS PHENOMENON?
NAME (blacked out)
DAY 28 MONTH Dec YEAR 1967

26. DATE YOU COMPLETED THIS QUESTIONNAIRE
DAY 3 MONTH Jan YEAR 1967

PAGE 8 OF 9 PAGES


- page 79 -

27. INFORMATION WHICH YOU FEEL IS PERTINENT BUT WHICH IS NOT ADEQUATELY COVERED IN THIS QUESTIONNAIRE, ALTERNATIVELY PROVIDE A NARRATIVE EXPLANATION OF THE SIGHTING.

This thing was strange, but it was too far away to see any shape. It did not get close enough to land. It was not moving - to its really but seemed to be going very slowly away up in sky.

It started going up, then when it got up so far it stopped moving up, but instead moved westward.

Now when it stopped moving upward and for moving westward it traveled in one place a long while then moved to the southwest.

PAGE 8 OF 9 PAGES


- page 80 -

OD Report
BOB Nr 21-A258

SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA QUESTIONNAIRE

THIS QUESTIONNAIRE HAS BEEN PREPARED SO THAT YOU CAN GIVE THE U.S. AIR FORCE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE CONCERNING THE UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENON THAT YOU HAVE OBSERVED. PLEASE TRY TO ANSWER ALL OF THE QUESTIONS. THE INFORMATION YOU GIVE WILL BE USED FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES.

1. WHEN DID YOU SEE THE PHENOMENON?
DAY 28 MONTH 11 YEAR 62

2. WHAT TIME DID YOU FIRST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON?
HOUR 21 MINUTES 0 □A.M. □P.M.

3. WHAT TIME DID YOU LAST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON?
HOUR 5 MINUTES 16 □STANDARD □A.M. □P.M.

4. TIME/ZONE ■ EASTERN □CENTRAL □MOUNTAIN □PACIFIC □OTHER

5. [Location details are blacked out/illegible]

6. [Diagram shows an observer's perspective with angular measurements, showing the height of a phenomenon above the horizon when first and last seen]

AF FORM 117
AUG 64


- page 81 -

Here is the text from the document:

GA. NOW IMAGINE YOU ARE AT THE CENTER OF THE COMPASS ROSE. PLACE AN "A" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN. PLACE A "B" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION THE PHENOMENON WAS LAST SEEN.

IN THIS SKETCH BELOW, PLACE AN "A" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN, AND A "B" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN. CONNECT THE "A" AND "B" WITH A LINE TO APPROXIMATE THE MOVEMENT OF THE PHENOMENON. CURVED OR ZIG-ZAG. REFER TO SMALLER SKETCH AS AN EXAMPLE OF HOW TO COMPLETE THE LARGER SKETCH.

PAGE 2 OF 3 PAGES


- page 82 -

WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THIS PHENOMENON? (Check appropriate block)

OUTDOORS
IN BUILDING
IN CAR
IN BOAT
IN AIRPLANE
OTHER

AS DRIVER
AS PILOT

AS PASSENGER
AS PASSENGER

IN BUSINESS SECTION OF CITY
IN RESIDENTIAL SECTION OF CITY
IN OPEN COUNTRYSIDE
NEAR AIRFIELD
FLYING OVER CITY
FLYING OVER OPEN COUNTRY
OTHER

IF YOU WERE IN A VEHICLE, COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:
WHAT DIRECTION WERE YOU MOVING?
NORTH
SOUTH
NORTHEAST
NORTHWEST

EAST
WEST
SOUTHEAST
SOUTHWEST

HOW FAST WERE YOU MOVING?

DID YOU STOP ANYTIME WHILE OBSERVING THE
PHENOMENON?

□ YES

□ NO

EXPLAIN WHETHER SUCH MOVEMENT EFFECTS YOUR SKETCHES IN ITEMS 5 AND 6.

DESCRIBE TYPE OF VEHICLE YOU WERE IN AND TYPE OF ROAD, TERRAIN OR BODY OF WATER YOU TRAVERSED DURING
THE SIGHTING. STATE WHETHER WINDOWS OR CONVERTIBLE TOP WERE UP OR DOWN.

HOW MUCH OTHER TRAFFIC WAS THERE?

DID YOU NOTICE ANY AIRPLANES? □ YES □ NO. IF "YES", DESCRIBE WHEN THEY WERE IN SIGHT RELATIVE TO THE TIME
OF SIGHTING THE PHENOMENON AND WHERE THEY WERE IN THE SKY RELATIVE TO THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON.

LENGTH OF TIME

HOW LONG WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT?
CERTAIN OF TIME
FAIRLY CERTAIN

NOT VERY SURE
JUST A GUESS

HOW WAS TIME DETERMINED?

WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT CONTINUOUSLY? □ YES □ NO. IF "NO", INDICATE WHETHER THIS IS DUE TO YOUR
MOVEMENT OR THE BEHAVIOR OF THE PHENOMENON, AND DESCRIBE SUCH MOVEMENT OR BEHAVIOR. INDICATE DISAPPEARANCE ON PREVIOUS SKETCHES.

PAGE 3 OF 9 PAGES


- page 83 -

Here is the text from the document:

10. IF THERE WERE MORE THAN ONE PHENOMENON, HOW MANY WERE THERE? DRAW A PICTURE TO SHOW HOW THEY WERE ARRANGED. DID THIS ARRANGEMENT CHANGE DURING THE SIGHTING?

11. CONDITIONS (Check appropriate blocks.)

A. SKY                                B. WEATHER
DAY                                   FOG OR MIST
TWILIGHT                              HEAVY RAIN
NIGHT                                 LIGHT RAIN OR DRIZZLE
CLEAR                                 HAIL
PARTLY CLOUDY                         SNOW OR SLEET
COMPLETELY OVERCAST                   UNKNOWN

C. IF THE SIGHTING WAS AT TWILIGHT OR NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE ABOUT THE STARS AND MOON
(1)                                   (2)
NONE                                  BRIGHT MOONLIGHT
A FEW                                 MOON WITH HALO
MANY                                  MOON HIDDEN BY CLOUDS
UNKNOWN                               PARTIAL (New or quarter)
                                      NO MOON
D. IF SIGHTING WAS IN DAYLIGHT, WAS THE SUN VISIBLE? YES NO. IF "YES", WHERE WAS THE SUN AS YOU FACED
THE PHENOMENON?
IN FRONT OF YOU                       TO YOUR RIGHT                       OVERHEAD (Near noon)
                                                                          UNKNOWN
E. IN BACK OF YOU                     TO YOUR LEFT

IN. GIVE A BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE PHENOMENON, INDICATING WHETHER IT APPEARED AS A SOLID OBJECT, A LIGHT, A DISK, A SPHERE, A DISK, A LIGHT OR A SPHERE, A FORMATION, A FORMATION OF DISKS OR LIGHTS, DESCRIBE YOUR IMPRESSION OF WHETHER IT APPEARED AS A POINT OF LIGHT, INDICATE COMPARISONS WITH OTHER OBSERVED OBJECTS, LIKE STARS, A LIGHT OR OTHER OBJECT IN YOUR FIELD OF VIEW.

[Handwritten text in this section is partially illegible]

PAGE 4 OF 9 PAGES


- page 84 -

Here is the text from the document:

13. DID THE PHENOMENON
MOVE IN A STRAIGHT LINE?
STAND STILL AT ANYTIME?
SUDDENLY SPEED UP AND RUN AWAY
BREAK UP IN PARTS AND EXPLODE?
CHANGE COLOR?
GIVE OFF SMOKE?
CHANGE BRIGHTNESS?
CHANGE SHAPE?
FLASH OR FLICKER?
DISAPPEAR AND REAPPEAR?
SPIN LIKE A TOP?
MAKE A NOISE?
FLUTTER OR WOBBLE?

14. WHAT DREW YOUR ATTENTION TO THE PHENOMENON?
Blinking to the right

15. A. HOW DID IT FINALLY DISAPPEAR?
Slow into the cold, cold area

15. B. DID THE PHENOMENON MOVE BEHIND OR IN FRONT OF SOMETHING, LIKE A CLOUD, TREE, OR BUILDING AT ANY TIME?
[Partially illegible handwritten response]

PAGE 5 OF 9 PAGES

The document appears to be a UFO sighting report form with various checkboxes and spaces for written descriptions.


- page 85 -

Here is the text from the document:

19. DRAW A PICTURE THAT WILL SHOW THE SHAPE OF THE PHENOMENON. INCLUDE AND LABEL ANY DETAILS THAT MIGHT HAVE APPEARED AS WINGS OR PROTRUSIONS, AND INDICATE EXHAUST OR VAPOR TRAILS. INDICATE BY AN ARROW THE DIRECTION THE PHENOMENON WAS MOVING.

16. WHAT WAS THE ANGULAR SIZE? HOLD A MATCH AT ARM'S LENGTH IN FRONT OF A KNOWN OBJECT, SUCH AS A STREET LAMP OR TV-SET MOON. NOTE HOW MUCH OF THE OBJECT IS COVERED BY THE HEAD OF THE MATCH. IF YOU HAD BEEN ABLE TO PERFORM THIS EXPERIMENT AT THE TIME OF THE SIGHTING, ESTIMATE WHAT FRACTION OF THE PHENOMENON WOULD HAVE BEEN COVERED BY THE MATCH HEAD.

PAGE 6 OF 9 PAGES


- page 86 -

Here is the text from the document:

17. DID YOU OBSERVE THE PHENOMENON THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING? INCLUDE INFORMATION ON MODEL, TYPE, FILTER, LENS PRESCRIPTION OR OTHER APPLICABLE DATA:

EYEGLASSES
SUNGLASSES
WINDSHIELD
SIDE WINDOW OF VEHICLE
WINDPWANE
READING GLASSES? □ YES □NO

CAMERA VIEWER
BINOCULARS
TELESCOPE
THEODOLITE
OTHER

18. WHAT WAS YOUR IMPRESSION OF THE SPEED OF THE
PHENOMENON? GIVE ESTIMATE OF SPEED.

19. WHAT WAS YOUR IMPRESSION OF THE DISTANCE OF THE
PHENOMENON? GIVE ESTIMATE OF DISTANCE.

20. IN ORDER THAT WE MAY OBTAIN AS CLEAR A PICTURE AS POSSIBLE OF WHAT YOU SAW, DESCRIBE IN YOUR OWN WORDS
A COMMON OBJECT OR OBJECTS WHICH, WHEN PLACED IN THE SKY, SIMILAR TO WHAT YOU NOTED THE PHENOMENON,
WOULD BEAR SOME RESEMBLANCE TO WHAT YOU SAW. DESCRIBE SIMILARITIES AND DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE
COMMON OBJECT AND WHAT YOU SAW:

[Handwritten text is partially illegible, appears to include some words but cannot be fully transcribed]

21. DID YOU NOTICE ANY ODOR, NOISE, OR HEAT EMANATING FROM THE PHENOMENON OR ANY EFFECT ON YOURSELF,
ANIMALS OR MACHINERY IN THE VICINITY? □ YES □ NO. IF YES, DESCRIBE:

A. DID THE PHENOMENON DISTURB THE GROUND OR LEAVE ANY PHYSICAL EVIDENCE? □ YES □ NO.

PAGE 7 OF 9 PAGES


- page 87 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

22. HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THIS OR A SIMILAR PHENOMENON BEFORE? □ YES □ NO. IF "YES", GIVE DATE AND LOCATION.

23. WAS ANYONE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? □ YES □ NO. IF "YES", DID THEY SEE IT TOO?
A. LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES:

24. GIVE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF
LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, MIDDLE NAME

ADDRESS (Street, City, State and Zip Code)

TELEPHONE:                 AGE:        □ MALE   □ FEMALE

INDICATE ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDING OCCUPATION AND ANY EXPERIENCE WHICH MAY BE PERTINENT.

25. WHEN AND TO WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SIGHTED THIS PHENOMENON
NAME:                      DAY:        MONTH:       YEAR:

26. DATE YOU COMPLETED THIS QUESTIONNAIRE.
DAY:                       MONTH:       YEAR:

PAGE 8 OF 9 PAGES

Note: Most fields are blank or redacted, and some handwritten text appears to be partially obscured.


- page 88 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

TYPE GROUP: [partially illegible]

LOCATION: Cincinnati, Ohio

OBSERVER STATED: [partially illegible]

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer saw pulsating light at 270-08 azimuth and 75 bug but not quite the same. The pulsating was similar to the object just disappeared. At the end of the sighting...

[Large portions of the text are illegible or cut off]

The rest of the document appears to be obscured or too blurry to read clearly.


- page 89 -

Printed Text:
57. INFORMATION WHICH YOU FEEL IS PERTINENT BUT WHICH IS NOT ADEQUATELY COVERED IN THIS QUESTIONNAIRE, ALTERNATIVELY PROVIDE A NARRATIVE EXPLANATION OF THE SIGHTING.

No. 28

[Handwritten text partially illegible, appears to be a few lines of text with some words not clearly discernible]

At bottom of page:
PAGE 9 OF 9 PAGES


- page 90 -

Here is the text from the document:

BOB Nr 21-R258

SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA QUESTIONNAIRE

THIS QUESTIONNAIRE HAS BEEN PREPARED SO THAT YOU CAN GIVE THE U.S. AIR FORCE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE. CONCERNING THIS UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENON THAT YOU HAVE OBSERVED. PLEASE TRY TO ANSWER ALL OF THE QUESTIONS. THE INFORMATION YOU GIVE WILL BE USED FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES.

1. WHEN DID YOU SEE THE PHENOMENON?
DAY 28 MONTH 6 YEAR 67

2. WHAT TIME DID YOU FIRST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON?
HOUR 9 MINUTES 30 □A.M. ■P.M.

3. WHAT TIME DID YOU LAST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON?
HOUR 12 MINUTES 30 ■A.M. □P.M.

4. TIME/ZONE
■EASTERN □CENTRAL □MOUNTAIN □PACIFIC □STANDARD □OTHER

5. WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? IF IN CITY, GIVE THE NEAREST STREET ADDRESS AND INDICATE ON A HAND DRAWN MAP WHICH YOU WERE STANDING WHEN SEEN. (IF COUNTRY, IDENTIFY THE HIGHWAY OR NEAR AND TRY TO FIX A DISTANCE AND DIRECTION FROM SOME RECOGNIZABLE LANDMARK)

We stopped in the town 1112
Sister we just off Wilmington Pike
close to Northey Lane.

(The rest of the document contains a diagram showing an observer's view and angle of observation, with markings from 0 to 50 degrees)


- page 91 -

Here is the text from the document:

6A. NOW IMAGINE YOU ARE AT THE CENTER OF THE COMPASS ROSE. PLACE AN "A" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN. PLACE A "B" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN.

7. IN THE SKETCH BELOW, PLACE AN "A" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN, AND A "B" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN. CONNECT THE "A" AND "B" WITH A LINE TO APPROXIMATE THE MOVEMENT OF THE PHENOMENON BETWEEN "A" AND "B". THE LINE MAY APPEAR TO BE STRAIGHT, CURVED OR ZIG-ZAG. REFER TO SMALLER SKETCH AS AN EXAMPLE OF HOW TO COMPLETE THE LARGER SKETCH.

PAGE 2 OF 9 PAGES


- page 92 -

WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? (Check appropriate blocks.)

OUTDOORS
IN BUILDING
IN CAR
IN BOAT
IN AIRPLANE
OTHER:

IN BUSINESS SECTION OF CITY
IN RESIDENTIAL SECTION OF CITY
IN OPEN COUNTRYSIDE
NEAR AIRFIELD
FLYING OVER CITY
FLYING OVER OPEN COUNTRY
OTHER:

IF YOU WERE IN A VEHICLE, COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:
WHAT DIRECTION WERE YOU MOVING?
NORTH
SOUTH
NORTHEAST
NORTHWEST

EAST
WEST
SOUTHEAST
SOUTHWEST

HOW FAST WERE YOU MOVING?

DID YOU STOP ANYTIME WHILE OBSERVING THE
PHENOMENON?

YES

NO

EXPLAIN WHETHER SUCH MOVEMENT EFFECTS YOUR SKETCHES IN ITEMS 5 AND 6.

DESCRIBE TYPE OF VEHICLE YOU WERE IN AND TYPE OF ROAD, TERRAIN OR BODY OF WATER YOU TRAVERSED DURING
THE SIGHTING. STATE WHETHER WINDOWS OR CONVERTIBLE TOP WERE UP OR DOWN.

HOW MUCH OTHER TRAFFIC WAS THERE?

DID YOU NOTICE ANY AIRPLANES? YES NO. IF "YES", DESCRIBE WHEN THEY WERE IN SIGHT RELATIVE TO THE TIME
OF SIGHTING THE PHENOMENON AND WHERE THEY WERE IN THE SKY RELATIVE TO THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON.

HOW LONG WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT?
LENGTH OF TIME

3 Hours

HOW WAS TIME DETERMINED?

CERTAIN OF TIME
FAIRLY CERTAIN

NOT VERY SURE
JUST A GUESS

WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT CONTINUOUSLY? YES NO. IF "NO", INDICATE WHETHER THIS IS DUE TO YOUR
MOVEMENT OR THE BEHAVIOR OF THE PHENOMENON, AND DESCRIBE SUCH MOVEMENT OR BEHAVIOR. INDICATE DISAPPEARANCE OR PREVIOUS SKETCHES.

PAGE 3 OF 9 PAGES


- page 93 -

Here is the text from the document:

10. IF THERE WERE MORE THAN ONE PHENOMENON, HOW MANY WERE THERE? DRAW A PICTURE TO SHOW HOW THEY WERE ARRANGED. DID THIS ARRANGEMENT CHANGE DURING THE SIGHTING?
Only one.

11. A. SKY
[Checked] TWILIGHT
[Checked] NIGHT
[Checked] CLEAR
[Checked] PARTLY CLOUDY
[Checked] COMPLETELY OVERCAST

B. CONDITIONS (Check appropriate block.) WEATHER
CUMULUS CLOUDS (Low fluffy)
CUMULUS CLOUDS (High fluffy or Herring-bone)
NIMBUS CLOUDS (Red)
CUMULONIMBUS CLOUDS
(Thunderstorm)

HAZE OR SMOG

FOG OR MIST
HEAVY RAIN
LIGHT RAIN OR DRIZZLE
HAIL
SNOW OR SLEET
UNKNOWN
NONE OF THE ABOVE

C. IF THE SIGHTING WAS AT TWILIGHT OR NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE ABOUT THE STARS AND MOON?
[Checked] NONE
[Checked] A FEW
[Checked] MANY
[Checked] UNKNOWN

STARS
BRIGHT MOONLIGHT
MOON WITH HALO
MOON HIDDEN BY CLOUDS
PARTIAL (Now or gone)

MOON
[Checked] NO MOONLIGHT
[Checked] UNKNOWN

D. IF SIGHTING WAS IN DAYLIGHT, WAS THE SUN VISIBLE? [Checked] YES [Checked] NO. IF "YES," WHERE WAS THE SUN AS YOU FACED
IN FRONT OF YOU
IN BACK OF YOU

TO YOUR RIGHT
TO YOUR LEFT

OVERHEAD (Near noon)
UNKNOWN

E. SPECIFY THE MAJOR SOURCE OF ILLUMINATION PRESENT DURING THE SIGHTING, SUCH AS THE SUN, HEADLIGHTS OR STREET LAMP, ETC. FOR TERRESTRIAL ILLUMINATION, SPECIFY DISTANCE TO LIGHT SOURCE.
None

12. GIVE A BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE PHENOMENON, INDICATING WHETHER IT APPEARED DARK OR LIGHT, WHETHER IT WAS SOLID OR TRANSPARENT, WHETHER EDGES WERE SHARP OR FUZZY. DESCRIBE THE SHAPE OR INDICATE IF IT APPEARED AS A POINT OR LIGHT. INDICATE COMPARISONS WITH OTHER OBSERVED OBJECTS, LIKE STARS, A LIGHT OR OTHER OBJECT IN YOUR FIELD OF VIEW.
Looked like lights going around in a circle and moving straight up very slowly.

PAGE 4 OF 9 PAGES


- page 94 -

Here is the text from the document:

DID THE PHENOMENON    YES    NO    UNKNOWN
MOVE IN A STRAIGHT LINE?
STAND STILL AT ANYTIME?
SUDDENLY CHANGE DIRECTION AND RUN AWAY?
BREAK UP IN PARTS AND EXPLODE?
CHANGE COLOR?
GIVE OFF SMOKE?
CHANGE GRID-FINEST?
CHANGE SHAPE?
FLASH OR FLICKER?
DISAPPEAR AND REAPPEAR?
SPIN LIKE A TOP?
MAKE A NOISE?
FLUTTER OR WOBBLE?
16. WHAT DREW YOUR ATTENTION TO THE PHENOMENON?

My daughter called me to see what it was.

A. HOW DID IT FINALLY DISAPPEAR?

I just not see it disappear was not feeling very well so went to bed.

B. DID THE PHENOMENON MOVE BEHIND OR IN FRONT OF SOMETHING, LIKE A CLOUD, TREE, OR BUILDING AT ANY TIME?

It was between the trees and moving west.

PAGE 8 OF 9 PAGES


- page 95 -

Here is the text from the document:

15. DRAW A PICTURE THAT WILL SHOW THE SHAPE OF THE PHENOMENON, INCLUDE AND LABEL ANY DETAILS THAT MIGHT HAVE APPEARED AS WINGS OR PROTRUSIONS, AND INDICATE EXHAUST OR VAPOR TRAILS. INDICATE BY AN ARROW THE DIRECTION THE PHENOMENON WAS MOVING.

It was to far away to see any shape, only the lights and a slow movement appeared.

16. WHAT WAS THE ANGULAR SIZE? HOLD A MATCH AT ARM'S LENGTH IN FRONT OF A KNOWN OBJECT, SUCH AS A STREET LAMP OR A TELEPHONE POLE. COMPARE THE OBJECT THAT IS COVERED BY THE HEAD OF THE MATCH. NOW IF YOU HAD BEEN ABLE TO PERFORM THIS EXPERIMENT AT THE TIME OF SIGHTING, ESTIMATE WHAT FRACTION OF THE PHENOMENON YOU'D HAVE BEEN COVERING BY THE MATCH HEAD.

PAGE 6 OF 9 PAGES


- page 96 -

Here is the text from the document:

17. DID YOU OBSERVE THE PHENOMENON THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING? INCLUDE INFORMATION ON MODEL, TYPE, FILTER, LENS PERCEPTION OR OTHER APPLICABLE DATA:

EYEGLASSES:
SUNGLASSES:
WINDSHIELD:
SIDE WINDOW OF VEHICLE:

CAMERA VIEWER:
BINOCULARS:
TELESCOPE:
THEODOLITE:
OTHER:

WINDPANE:

A. DO YOU ORDINARILY WEAR GLASSES? YES ☐ NO
B. DO YOU USE READING GLASSES? YES ☐ NO

19. IN ORDER THAT WE MAY OBTAIN AS CLEAR A PICTURE AS POSSIBLE OF WHAT YOU SAW, DESCRIBE IN YOUR OWN WORDS A COMMON OBJECT OR OBJECTS WHICH, WHEN PLACED IN THE SKY, SIMILAR TO WHERE YOU NOTED THE PHENOMENON, WOULD BEST RESEMBLE, GIVE SOME INDICATION TO WHAT YOU SAW. DESCRIBE SIMILARITIES AND DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE COMMON OBJECT AND WHAT YOU SAW:

Very bright lights different colors very far away and moving in a circle also moving separate very slow

21. DID YOU NOTICE ANY ODOR, NOISE, OR HEAT EMANATING FROM THE PHENOMENON OR ANY EFFECT ON YOURSELF, ANIMALS OR MACHINERY IN THE VICINITY? YES ☐ NO. IF YES, DESCRIBE:

Was too far away

A. DID THE PHENOMENON DISTURB THE GROUND OR LEAVE ANY PHYSICAL EVIDENCE. ☐ YES ☒ NO.

I did not see the ground where it was sighted.

PAGE 7 OF 9 PAGES


- page 97 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

22. HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THIS OR A SIMILAR PHENOMENON BEFORE? □ YES □ NO. IF "YES", GIVE DATE AND LOCATION.

23. WAS ANYONE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? □ YES □ NO. IF "YES", DID THEY SEE IT TOO?
A. LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES

24. GIVE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF
LAST NAME
ADDRESS (Street and Zip code)     45419
TELEPHONE (area code and number)   AGE    19    MALE    FEMALE

25. WHEN AND TO WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SIGHTED THIS PHENOMENON
NAME
DAY     MONTH     YEAR

26. DATE YOU COMPLETED THIS QUESTIONNAIRE
DAY 4   MONTH 13   YEAR 67

PAGE 8 OF 9 PAGES

Most of the specific details are blacked out or obscured, so I cannot read the specific names, addresses, or other personal information.


- page 98 -

