The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a record related to an observation that occurred in Cheltenham, Maryland on February 12, 1967.

Text from the document:

1. DATE & 2330UP
2. LOCATION
Cheltenham, Maryland (Multiple)
3. SOURCE
Civilians
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
4 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-visual
7. COURSE
Irregular
8. PHOTOS
None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
None
10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Objects were seen with colors of spectruns. No sound was heard. Object looked like a bright light, but they were likely regular aircraft as indicated from the other, but they over-lapped.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document containing a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be most helpful in connection with any research, analysis, or conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
12 February 1967

2. Time of day: 9:00
(Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): A. Eastern B. Central C. Mountain D. Pacific E. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Cheltenham, Maryland

5. How long was object in sight? (Test Duration)
Hours 4 Minutes Seconds  c. Not very sure (d) Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? comparison with other observers Yes_ No _

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(DAY) Bright (NIGHT) Bright

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book UFO reports. The text on the page is an interview questionnaire with various questions about the observed object, stars, moon, and weather conditions.

B. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None 
b. A few 
c. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid  
b. Transparent
c. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer 
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: IT APPEARED ABOUT AS BRIGHT AS THE BRIGHTEST STAR

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply defined
c. Partly sharp, partly blurred
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES NO Don't know
b. Move in a straight line? YES NO Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? YES NO Don't know
d. Give off smoke? YES NO Don't know
e. Leave a trail? YES NO Don't know
f. Change shape? YES NO Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? YES NO Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? YES NO Don't know

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image from the Project Blue Book report. The image appears to be a page from the report containing a series of questions and answer choices related to the observation of an unidentified object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes - It seemed to go straight up and disappear into the clouds.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know 
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what: In front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Looked at it - no sound.
b. Color: white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The object was 1/10 the size of a match head against the sky.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object's size, proportions, etc. and especially relative size or vapor trails.
A hand drawn sketch depicts a roughly circular object.

Text transcribed from the image:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes - It seemed to go straight up and disappear into the clouds.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know 
If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know
If you answered YES, then tell what: In front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Looked at it - no sound.
b. Color: white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The object was 1/10 the size of a match head against the sky.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object's size, proportions, etc. and especially relative size or vapor trails.
Place an "X" beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form, with various questions and multiple-choice options for the observer to answer regarding a UFO sighting.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city? 
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city? 
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? 
24.2 How fast were you moving?
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? 

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses 
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 5 -

The image appears to contain a sketch and instructions for how to describe the sighting of a UFO. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

As an OCR system, the text in the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90°
_  _ ___ ___ __

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. I will proceed to extract the text from the document as an OCR system.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
February 5. 1967 Cheltenham maryland

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES NO

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 29 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? I first report this to the air force on February 6, 1967

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 22 February 1967
Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Our sighting of an unidentified object took place on the 24th of December 1966, at approximately 7:15pm in Cheltenham, Maryland. We were returning from a Christmas party when we first noticed the object in the sky. It appeared to be hovering or moving very slowly and was a round or oval shape with a bluish-white light. At first we thought it might be an aircraft, but it made no sound and the light did not blink as an aircraft light would. It hovered for several minutes and then suddenly took off at a very high rate of speed, disappearing from view in a matter of seconds. I was quite puzzled by this and wondered what it could have been. We did not report the incident at the time, but I am now doing so as I feel it may be of interest. I am aware that there have been many similar sightings in this area and I would be most interested to learn if there is any explanation for what we saw.

- page 8 -

