The image does not contain any photographs, it is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text on the page reads:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION

SOVIET EFFORT TO CONTACT EXTRATERRESTRIAL LIFE
3 FEBRUARY 1967

The page also contains the logos of the Foreign Technology Division and the Central Technology Division.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old document or report, possibly related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

appeared in 1962, its second edition in 1965. The first edition was revised by the author, translated by Paula Fern, annotated by the U.S. astronomer C. Sagan, and published in the U.S. in 1966 as "Intelligent Life in the Universe" by I. S. Shklovskiy and C. Sagan.

With the First Conference on "Extraterrestrial Civilizations" (Byurakan Observatory, May 20-23, 1964) which included all the leaders in radio astronomy and some optical astronomers, the problem can be said to have obtained the official recognition of the Soviet Union.

Before proceeding to the details of Soviet schemes for the establishment of contact with extraterrestrial civilizations it is important to realize that the whole problem hinges on the answers to three general questions:
(1) What is the origin of the solar system? Without knowing this answer it is not possible to decide whether planets are rare or common around the stars.
(2) What is the nature of life?
(3) What is the origin of life on the surface of the earth?

In spite of a very large amount of work, both East and West, no definite answers to these questions are available. We have to fall back on vague arguments such as "with so many stars some of them must have planets with life."

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page of text from an old UFO report document.

The text in the document states:

"them at least must have planets," etc. It is impossible at the present time to prove or disprove the existence of planets of the size of the earth even around the nearest stars, let alone life on these planets. Therefore, the existence of intelligent life elsewhere in the universe is at the present time an article of faith rather than a scientific fact. In this respect, scientists are in exactly the same position as their predecessors were in the 18th Century, or even the ancient Greeks 2,000 years ago. The only difference considered extremely significant by the proponents of life in the universe is modern man's possession of radio communication techniques capable of reaching out to 1,000 light years and more. How to utilize this capability is the subject of animated discussion among the radio astronomers in the West and the USSR.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing text related to the Soviet Union's philosophical stance on extraterrestrial life.

SECTION II

EXISTENCE OF EXTRATERRESTRIAL LIFE

1. General Attitude
The Soviets are emphatic that their materialistic philosophy is in complete agreement with the idea of extraterrestrial civilizations. According to this philosophy, life is a normal and inevitable consequence of the development of matter, and intelligence is a normal consequence of the existence of life.

Even the best-informed scientists in the USSR, like Oparin and Shklovskiy, must necessarily subscribe to this crude philosophy promulgated more than 100 years ago by Marx and Engels. However, once having stated their materialistic point of view they often introduce reservations. Thus Oparin thinks that the presence of oceans was the necessary factor in the appearance of life on the earth, and Shklovskiy is willing to accept the existence of life only on the earth, but this would be a "miracle."

2. What Kind of Life?
The Soviets seem to be committed to life based on the hydrocarbon compounds, that is essentially the same kind of life that exists on the earth, from bacteria to man. Oparin considers any other basis of life sheer impossibility, and at any rate devoid of any physical meaning. Shklovskiy goes into considerable

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document discussing the persistence of terrestrial type life and the problem of contamination of planets by terrestrial micro-organisms. The text mentions experiments conducted in the East and West, particularly in the USSR, to test bacteria and other simple organisms under conditions found on the Moon, Venus, and Mars.

detail to show by energy considerations that life must necessarily
be based on hydrocarbon reactions.

Speculations common in the West about the possibility
of life based on ammonia, or even inorganic compounds (as in 
Hoyle's novel "The Black Cloud" which appears to be not only alive
but even intelligent) do not occur in Soviet literature.

3. Persistence of Terrestrial Type of Life

As conditions on the Moon, Venus, and Mars are known
to be severe in terrestrial terms, the problem arises whether
even the simplest terrestrial organisms like bacteria can exist
there. Experiments to test bacteria and other simple organisms
under these conditions are conducted in both the East and West,
on a comparable scale. In the USSR, this is done in the Institute
of Microbiology, Academy of Sciences, USSR, and probably other
places. There is a recent report of the simulation of conditions
on Mars for microbial growth by A. I. Zhukova and I. I. Kondrat'ev
(1965) of that institute.

The problem has assumed considerable importance as
terrestrial bacteria have been shown to possess remarkable
endurance and adaptability in planetary conditions. The danger
of contamination of planets by terrestrial micro-organisms exists
and has required international cooperation since the introduction
of space exploration.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document discussing the search for life on Mars.

The text in the document is as follows:

4. Search for Life on Mars

Mars is the only planet where conditions remotely approach those on the earth. It was therefore natural that Mars became the focus of attention of astronomers and biologists looking for evidence of life elsewhere in the solar system. 

In the U.S., the center of the study of Mars for a long time was the Lowell Observatory, Arizona, where Percival Lowell's work was continued by E. C. Slipher. In the USSR, an indefatigable searcher for evidence of life on Mars was Tikhov.

Tikhov (1875-1960) was a Pulkovo astronomer who had attained considerable international reputation for the excellence of his observational work. In 1909, during one of the great oppositions of Mars, he studied that planet through filters and proved the existence of snow near its poles and clouds in its atmosphere, in spite of the low position of the planet during observations. This work remained little known in the West, and was repeated at the next great opposition in 1924 with substantially the same results by W. H. Wright at Lick Observatory, California.

After his retirement from Pulkovo, Tikhov settled down in Alma-Ata, Kazakh S.S.R., and in 1957 formed there a "Sector of Astrobotany" at the Institute of Physics and Astronomy of the Academy of the Kazakh S.S.R. The idea of this sector (or section) was to study the behavior of plants in conditions approaching those of the Planet Mars, that is the Arctic tundra and high mountains.

- page 6 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from a document that discusses the work of astronomers and botanists who published five volumes of proceedings from 1947 to 1960. The text covers their research on the adaptation of plants to extreme climatic conditions on Mars, Tikhov's method of obtaining plant spectra, and the results of investigations by Tikhov and his collaborators regarding the existence of plants on Mars. The text also mentions Shklovsky's view that Mars once had a civilization that launched artificial satellites, but is now a dead body. The document concludes by stating that the question of life on Mars can only be resolved by an actual visit there using instrumented or manned vehicles.

Many astronomers and botanists worked at this section which published five volumes of its proceedings (1947-1960).
Although this work did not resolve the question of life on Mars, it nevertheless uncovered many remarkable instances of adaptation of plants to extreme climatic conditions. Tikhov's method of obtaining spectra of plants in reflected light to compare with the spectra of Mars was later employed in the West, especially with the development of the infrared techniques. 
With Tikhov's death his section was absorbed by the Institute of Astronomy. Tikhov's works were published in five volumes by the Academy of Sciences, Kazakh S.S.R. They contain 33 of his own papers on the problems of terrestrial plants and existence of life on Mars.
The results of investigations by Tikhov and his collaborators were indecisive so far as the existence of plants on Mars was concerned, paralleling similar results in the West. They simply increased the probability in favor of the existence of such life. The occurrence of intelligent life on Mars is even more difficult to prove than the existence of plants.
Shklovsky's point of view is that Mars once had a civilization which launched its artificial satellites, but is now a dead body.
The question of life on Mars will be resolved only with an actual visit there either of instrumented or manned vehicles.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from a document containing text about the search for life on Mars, the possibility of life on Venus and the moon, and the study of meteors as potential sources of extraterrestrial life.

For this reason, emphasis is being given to the development of techniques for detecting the existence of life on Mars in both the U.S. and the USSR planetary exploration program. The discovery by Mariner 4 of craters on the surface of Mars, however, has little direct bearing on the problem of life there. The same can be said of the presumed absence of the Martian Canals.

Few astronomers believe that there can be any life on Venus or the moon. An exception is N. A. Kozyrev, a Soviet astronomer famous for his observations of the moon, who thinks that the high temperature of Venus refers to its ionosphere, and the surface may be in a condition to allow the development of life.

But even the moon cannot be assumed to be entirely devoid of life. Such is the opinion of A. I. Oparin, the greatest authority on such matters in the USSR. According to the TASS Agency (December 29, 1966), Oparin thinks that organic substances either alive or dead are possible on the moon.

Such an idea would probably be unacceptable in the West, but it was only 30 or 40 years ago that W. H. Pickering, an American astronomer, tried to explain various changes of tint in the moon by colonies of insects appearing and disappearing during the progress of the lunar day.

Meteorities are the only bodies of extraterrestrial origin that are available for a study in our laboratories. In connection with this, the document discusses the potential for studying meteors as a source of extraterrestrial life.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. 

Transcribed text from the document:

with the problem of extraterrestrial life, a large number of mineralogists, physicists, biologists, etc., everywhere are studying meteorites. The proof of the existence of organic substances in meteorites would support the existence of life outside the earth, no matter what the ultimate origin of meteorites might be. But in this problem, as in all other problems concerning extraterrestrial life, there is no simple answer and no convincing proof of the existence of life. The problem has recently been reviewed by A. A. Imshenetskiy (1966), Director of the Institute of Microbiology, Academy of Sciences, USSR, where many investigations of such nature are being carried out.

There are three items in meteorites which must be considered in this connection:
(a) Carbonaceous chondrites are stony meteorites which have some carbon matter (up to five per cent of weight) of possible organic origin. At the present time there are 30 meteorites of this class, which can be divided into three sub-classes quite different from each other. At first it seemed that this is indisputable proof of the cosmic origin of organic matter, but later researches proved this improbable. The carbonaceous matter is now considered to be of inorganic origin and similar to matter found in terrestrial rocks.
(b) "Organized elements" in the same meteorites are small

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document that contains text discussing various topics related to Soviet attitudes towards science fiction.

Found grains which have been considered as possibly produced by plant spores. The best authority in the USSR on these problems, G. F. Vdovykin, does not think they are of organic origin at all.

(c) Bacteria in meteorites have been reported time and again both in the East and West. In every case they were proved to be introduced into the meteorite after its fall on the surface of the earth.

6. Soviet Attitude Toward Science Fiction

The idea of inhabited worlds naturally evokes in people all sorts of emotions which are not always amenable to scientific treatment. In the Soviet philosophy, scientific fiction occupies an honorable place provided that it is not represented as solid achievements of science. Much of what Tsiolkovskiy wrote, for instance, can be characterized as science fiction, and one of the famous Soviet writers, Alexis Tolstoy was famous for his fantastic stories. Academician Obruchev, the explorer of Siberia, was also a science fiction writer. 

However, the Soviets have attempted to draw a line separating science fiction from deliberate fraud and distortion of facts well established by science, and some Soviet scientists, principally astronomers, are busy refuting and criticizing sensationalism by writers who exhibit more exuberance than knowledge. One such writer is Kazantsev, the author of a fantastic story.

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a project Blue Book document, containing text only.

OCR output:

tale, "Guest Out of Cosmos" (1959), which has had its repercussions abroad also. The main idea is that the Tunguska meteor, which landed in Russia in 1908, was in reality a spaceship from Mars supplied with a hydrogen bomb. This ship blew up over Siberia thus saving the earth from conquest by the Martians. Astronomer Yu. G. Perel' (1959) concedes that a fiction writer may invent anything he pleases, but Kazantsev represents his wild surmises and ignorant theories as scientifically established facts. Kazantsev, however, proceeded to attack official science as concealing from the public the true situation, etc., thus closely paralleling the UFO enthusiasts in the U.S. who accuse the Air Force of suppressing evidence supporting flying-saucer visitations. 

Another line of pseudo-scientific effort is directed toward the discovery of traces of contacts of higher civilization with the earth. In the USSR, M. M. Agrest in 1959 put forward an idea that classical myths and biblical stories contain in them vague reminiscences of visits by extraterrestrial highly civilized beings. These are gods coming down to earth, angels flying through the air, destruction of Sodom and Gomorra (evidently by an atomic bomb), kidnapping of people (the biblical Enoch) by the intruders, etc. The search for information, however, is not restricted to the Bible. Anything is good if it points toward the existence of extraterrestrial civilizations; crude images on rocks in the

14

- page 11 -

This document appears to be the table of contents for a report on the history of the problem and existence of extraterrestrial life. There is no photograph present in this image.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SUMMARY
SECTION I History of the Problem
SECTION II Existence of Extraterrestrial Life
1- General Attitude
2- What Kind of Life
3- Persistence of Terrestrial Type of Life
4- Search for Life on Mars
5- Meteorites and Life
6- Soviet Attitude Toward Science Fiction
SECTION III Possibility of Establishing Contact
1- Means of Communication
2- Associated Programs, Facilities, and Personalities
APPENDIX I Calculations by Gindilin
APPENDIX II Planetary Requirements
APPENDIX III Power Requirements
APPENDIX IV Papers Read at the Byurakan Conference
APPENDIX V Resolutions of the Byurakan Conference
APPENDIX VI Soviet Radio Telescopes
BIBLIOGRAPHY
SUPPLEMENTARY BIBLIOGRAPHY

- page 12 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page from Project Blue Book, which discusses various topics related to UFOs and extraterrestrial civilizations.

Sahara, mythical small men in China, Peruvian fairy tales, are examples. More recently, in the Soviet popular magazine, "Sputnik," 1967, Nr. 1, there is an article by Vyacheslav Zaytaev, "Visitors from Outer Space" which is full of such stories. It is stated that the author spent 30 years of his life collecting this information.

To the credit of Shklovalskiy (second edition of his book, Chapter 23) he refutes many of the ridiculous stories which have been propagated very assiduously in the West, particularly in the U.S., where they have been adopted by the adherents of the UFO cult. Other serious Soviet writer-scientists like V. N. Komarov ("Man and Mysteries of the Universe," 1966) also exhibit an exemplary caution.

In general, it appears that the problem of sensationalism in science is exactly the same both in the USSR and the U.S. There are scientists interested in the problem of extraterrestrial civilizations and there are writers who want to publish a breath-taking book. There are even combinations of the two. In the USSR, Shklovalskiy is not averse to publicizing his own wild ideas. In the West, there are F. Hoyle and George Gamow of the same type.

Modern science is so fantastic that the boundary between possible and impossible is fairly indistinct. Some people, sometimes even bona fide scientists, simply cannot discern this boundary and mix up.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to Project Blue Book, containing only text.

solid science, their unconscious desires, and fairy tales into
a nightmarish whole. The Soviets cannot escape this situation
any more than the Americans and West Europeans.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document discussing the possibility of establishing contact with extraterrestrial civilizations.

SECTION III
POSSIBILITY OF ESTABLISHING CONTACT

In view of the complete absence of concrete data on extraterrestrial civilizations the only possible formulation of the problem is this: Assuming that there are extraterrestrial civilizations, what would be the best way of getting in touch with them? This problem is twofold: (1) How can understandable signals be transmitted and (2) how can signals from outer space be detected and interpreted?

Radio signals from other civilizations, no matter how clear and strong, would have had no significance 50 years ago, since nobody on earth could intercept them, let alone interpret. According to modern astrophysics the development of stars is a continuous process and they certainly were not all created at the same time. If there are planets around them, and if there is life on these planets, and if there are civilizations, they must be in various stages of development. The extraterrestrial civilizations obviously must be in a similar or higher state of development than our own in order to make a contact possible.

On the earth, life has existed for something like two or three billion years. Written documents can be traced for some 6,000 years, while in contrast the use of radio for interstellar communication has only existed for around 100 years.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a document containing text discussing the lifespan and duration of human civilization.

communications is less than 20 years old.  In other words,
the time during which a civilization like ours is in a position
to communicate with other civilizations is infinitesimally short
in comparison with the duration of life on the planet, and age
of the stars.  
The next question is how long shall we have this ability to
communicate with other civilizations, that is, how long is our
civilization likely to endure?  The answer to this can be
based only on faith and temperament.  Shklovskiy thinks that
a civilization cannot last longer than 10,000 years for which
he is taken to task by his Soviet colleagues.  According to the
Communist conception our civilization, once reorganized by the
adherents of Marx and Lenin, will go on forever as all sources
of internal friction will be removed.  Therefore, the duration
of a civilization should be put down as 10⁹ rather than 10⁴ years. 
Western writers would tend to the longer time scale.  It is,
however, clear that the duration of a civilization is something
that cannot be decided a priori.  Our own civilization may be
said to be 6,000 years old, and whether it will survive for
another 4,000 years, or 400 years, or even 40 years is anybody's
guess.  Some thinkers, notably H.G. Wells and O. Spengler, were
very pessimistic in this respect.  It is well known that our

- page 16 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an excerpt from a document discussing the duration of civilizations and interstellar communication. As an OCR system, I will output all the text found in the document:

civilization has had its ups and downs. The ancient Romans, for instance, were much more highly civilized than their descendants a thousand years later. Therefore, there is no need to postulate a complete destruction of our civilization in order to lose our ability for interstellar communication.

The duration of any civilization is accordingly a guess, and this factor makes all discussions about interstellar contacts very nearly a pure exchange of verbage. Shklovskiy, for instance, develops a formula for the average distance between civilizations, d, depending on the time, T, of the duration of the existence of stars and, t, the duration of civilization:

d = 5.2 (T/t)^1/3 parsecs

If we put T = 10^10 years as commonly accepted, and t = 10^4 years we compute the average distance between two civilizations in our galaxy to be 520 parsecs or about 1,700 light years.

Shklovskiy is evidently afraid of his own result and is willing to take t = 10^5 to 10^6 years. Even in this case the distances come out on the order of 100 parsecs or 300 light years.

Similar calculations by L.M. Gindilis, reported in an article entitled "The Possibilities of Communication with Extraterrestrial Civilizations (Zemlya I Vselennaya, No. 1, 1965) are summarized in Appendix I. Although the assumptions used in Gindilis's calculations are different from Shklovskiy's, Gindilis concludes

19

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a text document.

that the distance between civilizations in a galaxy is not less than several hundred light years and is probably more than a thousand light years.
Although the results of these two calculations differ, the important feature is that both calculations indicate the extremely large distances involved in attempting to establish communications with extraterrestrial civilizations.
The tremendous distances between the stars is another serious difficulty; they average out to about 3 parsecs or 10 light years, not to speak of the millions of light years separating us from other galaxies. The situation is thus not very encouraging even with the most favorable assumptions about the frequency of the planets and a simultaneous existence of highly developed civilizations on these planets. (Some of the planetary requirements for civilizations to evolve are given in Appendix II.)
Soviet radio astronomers such as Troitskiy and Kotel'nikov think that 1,000 light years is the maximum distance at which interstellar communications have any meaning at all, and at this distance the existence of only one civilization similar to ours can be expected.
As is well known, Project Ozma in the US was based on a much greater restriction of the problem. Only the nearest stars were considered and among these only those that were more or

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document page discussing a project called "Ozma" and the search for artificial signals from stars, as well as the Soviet Union's involvement in similar experiments.

less in the same physical class as our sun. Only two stars
CCeti and CEridani about 11 light years distant were tried.
Signals in the hydrogen line 1420 Mc were sent to these stars
from the National Radio Observatory in May-July 1960, and
characteristics of the radio emission from these stars analyzed. 
No evidence of any artificial signals was discovered, and the
answer to our own signals, if any, cannot be expected until 1982. 
It is not known whether the Soviets ever attempted a similar
experiment. They all quote the Ozma project, and the book
"Interstellar Communications" published by the NASA in 1963
(in which the Ozma project is described) appears to be one of
their fundamental information sources, although, the Soviet
expert Khaykin considers Ozma a waste of time and resources
(Byurakan Conference, p 90). The inference in most of the
Soviet papers, however, seems to be that the Soviets have
nothing to offer in the experimental line comparable even to
the modest Project Ozma. Experience, however, with Soviet
scientific practice, notably their withholding of information
on recent scientific activities for several years as was the
case with their radio telescope development, makes it advisable
to exercise caution in ascertaining their status from published
literature alone.

- page 19 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text discussing the existence of civilizations and their electromagnetic energy output.

Here is the text from the document:

How can the existence of civilizations like ours be discovered? Shklovskiy points out that at least one indication of intelligent activity is available, i.e., the generation of electromagnetic energy by planets which, of course, at stellar distances would merge with their stars. He notes that there are several thousand radio and television stations on the earth, and taking their power into consideration concludes that the brightness temperature of the earth in television wavelengths is some millions of degrees. Moreover, this temperature started rapidly increasing since about 1940. He speculates, therefore, that if a similar situation can be associated with one of the nearest stars it would be prima facie evidence of existence of intelligent life there. He cautions, however, that this possibility requires a long and careful survey of all sources of cosmic origin, something that is not very easy to organize.

Developing the idea of energy criterion, Kardashev points out that the earth civilization is currently utilizing 4 x 10^19 ergs/sec and this quantity is rapidly increasing in an exponential way. By extrapolation he concludes that by the year 5000 A.D. humanity will consume 4 x 10^33 ergs/sec, which is equal to the output of the sun and by the year 8000 A.D. to the energy output of the whole galaxy, that is 4 x 10^44 ergs/sec.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

Obviously such possibilities require the harnessing of the whole energy of the sun of which the earth intercepts now only one part in two billion. Projects of this sort are in existence, one of them being Dyson's Sphere to capture and retain the energy of the sun. The utilization of the galaxy will then be the next problem.

Kardashev sets up a classification of civilizations according to the energy criteria as follows:
(1) Technological level approaches that of terrestrial civilization: consumption of energy 4 x 10^19 ergs/sec.
(2) Civilization utilizing the whole energy of the star, that is, of the order 4 x 10^33 ergs/sec.
(3) Civilization, having at its disposal the energy of its galaxy, is about 4 x 10^44 ergs/sec.

Further, Kardashev, basing his argument on our own experience, thinks that Stage 1 is reached in a few billion years. Stage 2, according to him, should develop within several thousand years after Stage 1 had been reached. Stage 3 should be developed in not more than 10 million years after Stage 2. Thus indicating that the 10,000 years postulated by Shklovskiy for the existence of a civilization is not satisfactory to at least some Soviet astronomers.

The evidence of the existence of a civilization of Type 3 would consist of radio phenomena which could not be explained in any

23

- page 21 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document discussing a controversy over Soviet astronomers' classification of cosmic radio sources STA-21 and STA-102 in the California Institute of Technology Catalogue of Cosmic Radio Sources. The text describes the debate over whether these sources should be considered as satisfying the requirements of "civilizations of Type 3" and the doubts raised about the periodic variation in the radio frequency of STA-102 being an artificial signal.

rational way.  All this setting up of criteria is highly
arbitrary as it presupposes complete understanding of radio
astronomical processes which is hardly the case. 

An illustration of this humble truth is the controversy
produced by Soviet astronomers over STA-21 and STA-102, that
is, Nrs. 21 and 102 in the California Institute of Technology
Catalogue of Cosmic Radio Sources.  They were hastily declared
as satisfying the requirements of civilizations of Type 3, and
some more of such, LHE-210, LHE-459, and LHE-523 were found at
GAISH.

So far as the situation with STA-102 is concerned much
doubt has been thrown on Kardashev's claim that its period
variation in radio frequency should be considered as an
artificial signal with a period of 100 days, drawing our
attention to this galaxy.  Astronomers in the West failed to
confirm its periodic variation and it is generally considered
now of the quasar type, that is, a perfectly natural, although
not yet perfectly understood, object.

Yu. N. Parijskij investigated, on Kardashev's request,
sources STA-21 and STA-102 with the great Pulkovo radio tele-
scope (Byurakan Conference, pp 54-60), but his conclusions are
hardly in favor of the artificial origin of the radio emission
from these two sources.  He finds that their radio properties

24

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It is a list of illustrations with their corresponding page numbers, including "FIGURE 1 RT-22 Radio Telescope" on page 64 and "FIGURE 2 Pulkovo Radio Telescope" on page 65, as well as "TABLE I Types of Contact Between Civilizations" on page 28 and "TABLE II Distance Between Civilizations as a Function of the Number of Civilizations" on page 51.

LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS
Page Nr.
FIGURE 1 RT-22 Radio Telescope . . . . . . . . 64
FIGURE 2 Pulkovo Radio Telescope . . . . . . . 65
TABLE I Types of Contact Between Civilizations . 28
TABLE II Distance Between Civilizations as a Function
of the Number of Civilizations . . . . 51

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page of text from an old UFO report document.

are similar to those of some other cosmic sources and the strength of the signals under the most favorable assumption exceeds by several orders of magnitude the strength that we can reasonably expect from civilizations of Class 2 or 3.

The criteria which an artificial signal from another civilization should satisfy, according to Kardshev, are:
(1) The small angular size of the source. This he considers an extremely important if not a decisive indication of the artificiality of the source.
(2) Maximum intensity of signal in the range 3-10 cm.
(3) Variability of the signal in time.

Much of the discussion at the Byurakan Conference was centered on these criteria, some participants declaring that many natural objects could satisfy them. V.I. Slysh (Byurakan Conference, pp 61-67) thinks that a simultaneous fulfillment of these criteria by a cosmic source would constitute a presumption (but not a proof) of its cosmic origin. The question whether a cosmic radio source is artificial or not can be settled according to Slysh only by a systematic survey of the whole sky by means of a radio interferometer with a resolving power 0.1". This at least would eliminate all sources that are clearly natural, so that attention could be concentrated on a few suspicious objects.

He does not indicate whether the Soviet technical capacity is

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing means of communication with extraterrestrial civilizations. The text discusses various challenges and considerations, such as the problems posed by interstellar travel distances, the potential use of photon rockets, and the limitations of relativistic effects on travel time. The text does not mention or identify any individuals.

MEANS OF COMMUNICATION

Assuming that there are extraterrestrial civilizations willing to communicate, consideration must be given to how this may be accomplished. There are three possible ways of doing this:

(a) Direct contact, that is, interstellar travel, seems to be excluded from serious consideration despite the fact that this mode of communication is the most appealing to human imagination. Even assuming that physiological requirements of inhabitants of various planets are identical, the problem of travel, aggravated by tremendous distances, still remains. The various proposals of photon rockets, etc., (for which DR. STANYUKOVICH is famous in the USSR) taking advantage of the relativity dilatation of time will not be of much use even when they are technically possible. According to SAGAN the flight with acceleration of 10 m/sec2 would allow a trip to the Andromeda galaxy in 28 years so far as the passengers in the rocket are concerned. However, for the home civilization that sent them this would be equivalent to 1.5 million years. A round trip taking three million years is of doubtful value. The information returned may have been made obsolete by better systems developed after the mission departed.

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old document discussing radio contact as a method for exchange of signals between civilizations, and provides a tabulation summarizing the present situation according to L.N. Gindilis (1965). The text focuses on the distances at which radio contact is effective, the possibility of contact with civilizations in the Andromeda galaxy, and the discussion around suitable radio frequencies for interstellar communications.

(b) Radio contact is a method for exchange of signals which is now technically possible but the distances at which it is effective are very small in comparison with the size of the universe.

Only one way radio contact, of course, is not limited by distance. We may imagine a civilization in the Andromeda galaxy that sent out signals "to whom it may concern" a million and a half years ago. We would just now be receiving them.

(c) Possible contact by means of masers, lasers, and other modern electronic means.

L.N. Gindilis (1965) in his survey of the problem gives a tabulation summarizing the present situation. This tabulation is shown in Table I, where d denotes the distance between civilizations in light years, and tc the life time of a civilization. This tc, as has already been remarked is of a highly speculative nature. Shklovskiy takes it to be of the order of 10,000 years, Gindilis thinks it should be billions of years, that is, comparable to the life-time of the planets themselves.

The bulk of discussion in the USSR (as well as in the West) is on the selection of suitable radio frequencies and other characteristics of radio waves for interstellar communications. The hydrogen wavelength 21 cm originally proposed as having a special significance.

- page 26 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a table titled "TYPES OF CONTACT BETWEEN CIVILIZATIONS". The table lists the distance between civilizations in light years and the possible types of contact for each distance range. For distances less than 100 light years, all types of contact are possible, including one-way radio communication, two-way radio communication, and direct contacts by bodily visits. For distances between 100 and 1,000 light years, the possible types of contact are limited to one-way radio communication and two-way radio communication. For distances between 1,000 and tc light years, the possible types of contact are one-way radio communication and direct contacts, if possible, which will be only one way. For distances greater than tc light years, only one-way radio communication is possible.

TEXT OUTPUT:

TABLE I

TYPES OF CONTACT BETWEEN CIVILIZATIONS

Distance Between Civilizations, light years	Possible Types of Contact
d < 100	All types are possible.
100 ≤ d < 1,000	(1) One-way radio communication
(2) Two-way radio communication possible
1,000 ≤ d < tc	(1) One-way radio communication
(2) Direct contacts, if possible, will be only one way
d ≥ tc	Only one-way radio communication possible.

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows text that appears to be a technical discussion about the challenges in detecting and receiving signals from extraterrestrial hydrogen wavelengths using radio astronomy techniques.

universal meaning and actually used in the Ozma project is 
objected to by many scientists both East and West.  The reason 
for this is the abundance of interstellar hydrogen which places 
the high threshold of radio noise exactly in this line.
The choice of the wavelength for communication is, of course, 
badly restricted by the known properties of the earth's atmosphere. 
Moreover, it is equally restricted by the unknown properties of 
other bodies' atmospheres.  It is easy to imagine a planetary 
atmosphere suitable for life having argon instead of nitrogen 
which would radically change its transmission properties.
Perhaps the most thorough discussion of this problem was 
given by Kotel'nikov in the Byurakan Symposium (pp 113-120).  The 
hydrogen wavelength 21 cm is assumed to be impractical for the 
above-mentioned reasons.  He proposes a multi-channel receiver 
containing a large number of narrow-band filters.  If a mono- 
chromatic signal of a certain frequency reaches the antenna it 
will be automatically recorded and an appropriate channel tuned 
to that frequency.
Even with this device the coverage of the whole sky is not 
an easy undertaking.  Assuming a limiting distance of 1,000 light 
years, the number of stars in this space will be of the order of 
10 million.  To cover the whole sky including all these stars 
will take exactly one year utilizing antennas and recorders 
recommended by Kotel'nikov.  Further, what guarantee is there

- page 28 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document discussing the detection of signals from civilizations and the limiting distance required for such communications.

that the signal will be detectable on exactly the date programmed 
for observation? Kotel'nikov's final conclusion is that it may
be possible to discover a civilization of our type by our present
radio means if it exists on one star out of 106. If this figure
is one star out of 107 the discovery will be almost impossible,
and if a civilization exists only on one star out of 108 its
discovery will be impossible unless the radio apparatus becomes
much more efficient. The criteria of one civilization per 106
stars corresponds statistically to the limiting distance of 500
light years. Thus a distance of only 500 to 1,000 light years
must be considered as the limiting distance for interstellar
communications.
V.S. Troitskiy (ibid. pp 97-112) by an entirely different
line of reasoning comes to the same conclusion that even with
a narrow direction signal the limiting distance of a civilization
detectable by radio is about 1,000 light years. He estimates a
power requirement for this distance on the order of 1.6 x 1016
watts. A brief discussion of power requirements from a Soviet
reference is contained in Appendix III.  
The problem of what to transmit to stellar civilizations
and how to interpret signals received from them was only briefly
treated at the Byurakan Conference. A.V. Gladkiy (pp 145-146)

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document or report.

expressed only general ideas as to the form a language can take
under different conditions. He is a member of the Institute of
Mathematics, Siberian Section of the Academy of Sciences, USSR,
and being a mathematician he declares that it should not be
assumed that mathematics of our stellar correspondents will be
the same as ours. A short discussion of the artificial language
Lincus developed by the Dutch mathematician Hans Freudenthal does
not indicate any Soviet originality in this direction. The
attempt to unravel the meaning of the Mayan inscriptions of
Yucatan by a mathematical analysis carried out by the same
Mathematical Institute of Siberia was not well received in the
West, and the Mayan language is probably much simpler than the
language of a planet X attached to star y in galaxy z. The
understanding of stellar language may possibly turn out to be a
harder problem than sending or receiving stellar communications.
Resolutions of the Byurakan Conference emphasize the importance
of linguistic studies in this connection.
As to the other than radio communications with stellar
civilizations, the only promising means is an apparatus of the
laser type. Shklovskiy discusses it in considerable detail
(second edition, Chapter 20), but he cautions that it requires
space platforms for its use which are not yet available. As
Shklovskiy notes in the introduction to his book, the present

31

- page 30 -

The image appears to contain text only and does not include any photographs. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

rapid development of radio astronomy, gamma-ray astronomy, X-ray astronomy, etc., indicates possibilities never dreamed of just a few years ago. What is said about stellar civilizations today may become obsolete tomorrow. 

The fundamental question whether extra-terrestrial civilizations (or even life in general) exist at all has not been answered in these papers nor in similar papers in the West. Nor the next question, whether man-kind is willing to put so much effort into a search which may well prove futile likewise has not been settled. The Soviets have something to say about this. They rationalize by noting that the development of methods for interstellar communications will be of the greatest advantage to radio technology in general regardless of what the radio technology was originally designed for.

There is also a curious utilitarian streak running through Soviet discussions. In the Soviet periodical ("Sputnik") (1967, Nr.1, p. 179), e.g., the Nobel prize winner, physical chemist, N. Semenonyov, declares that the present knowledge and technology makes possible the regeneration of the atmosphere of Mars which could make Mars a suitable home for humans. Also, some Soviet writers are optimistic that the more advanced civilizations are very anxious to communicate their knowledge to us, even though the Soviets are at times quite unwilling to reveal many of their scientific advancements.

- page 31 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an optical character recognition (OCR) system and produce the text found in the document:

2. Associated Programs, Facilities and Personalities
The only solid basis for the estimate of the Soviet effort in establishing interstellar communications is the book "Extraterrestrial Civilizations" published by the Armenian Academy of Sciences in 1965. It consists of 13 papers delivered on this problem at a conference on May 20-23, 1964, at the Byurakan Observatory. The titles of these papers, in many cases self-explanatory, are given in Appendix IV. There are other indications of the Soviet activity as noted in the text of this report but the total amount of information is very small. The Conference was titled the "First All-Union Conference devoted to the Problem of Extraterrestrial Civilizations." The second Conference was to be called in 1965 but there is no further reference to it in available Soviet scientific literature.

A condensed translation of the resolutions of the Byurakan Conference is given in Appendix V. In it there are a number of institutions in the USSR mentioned as suitable centers for the development of various problems connected with contacting extra-terrestrial civilizations. Appendix VI shows two of the large radio antennas in the USSR.

One of the centers listed by the Byurakan Conference is GAIS (Shternberg Institute) where one of the most influential of the workers on these problems, I.S. Shklovskiy, is located. In a condensed translation of the resolutions of the Byurakan Conference is given in Appendix V.

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Citation in connection with his election to the corresponding membership of the Academy of Sciences and award of the Lenin prize it is stated that he is in charge of a large theoretical and experimental section of the CAGS. Members of this section carry out astrophysical investigations utilizing the largest optical and radio telescopes, cosmic rockets, and artificial satellites ("Zemlya i Vselennaya," 1966, Nr 5, p 3).

Research at the GAISH of interest in the present connection is carried out by N.S. Kardashev, G.B. Shklomskiy and other associates of Shklovsky. They are observing radio galaxies of the quasar type with radio instruments of FIAN (Physical Institute of the Academy of Sciences) on the wavelength 32.5 cm with a view of locating artificial sources.

Quasars are very small objects appearing like stars but with masses approaching those of galaxies. All this is not certain at all and there is no agreement in the interpretation of the observations. The smallness of the apparent size of quasars, which is of the order of 1", is according to Kardashev, a good indication of the possibility of their artificial origin.

It is impossible to say just what practical results of a program like this could be. Kardashev's attempt to explain the periodic fluctuations in the radio emission of source STA-102.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document discussing the Soviet scientific efforts relating to the problem of contact with extraterrestrial civilizations.

Purpose
To review Soviet scientific efforts relating to the problem of contact with extraterrestrial civilizations.

Conclusions
1. There is a comparatively high level of theoretical discussion in the USSR concerning the existence of extraterrestrial civilizations and the problem involved in detecting these civilizations.
2. Participation of many influential astronomers, radio experts, physicists, etc., in these discussions indicates a considerable importance attached to these problems in the USSR.
3. There is no evidence that practical steps on any large scale are being taken in the USSR to contact or to decipher messages from other civilizations, though there exist small projects, of the size of Ozma in some institutions, notably the Shternberg Astronomical Institute in Moscow.
4. The Soviets have available a number of radio telescopes suitable for an integrated search program, if they choose to begin such a program.
5. Considerable emphasis was made at the Byurakan Conference (1964) on the necessity of a systematic survey of the whole sky in order to locate artificial cosmic radio sources.

- page 34 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text.

(as has already been mentioned) as a communication signal has
not been accepted in the West. At any rate, this research may
be expected to shed some light on the nature of quasars.

Also, Kardashev and Pashchenko at GAISH (Shklovsky-Sagan,
P 475) will be attempting to detect artificial signals on the 21
cm hydrogen wavelength. The anticipated power of the signals should
be relatively great. A negative result from this search would
indicate that in our galaxy there are not civilizations with power
resources of the order 10^33 ergs/sec. The investigations on the
Andromeda galaxy, M31, will also be conducted. It is perhaps
noteworthy that nothing of this can be found in the second edition
of Shklovsky's book, and Sagan inserted this paragraph evidently
from direct contact with Shklovsky. Also, an equivalent to this
program does not exist in the West.

Nothing is known of the research programs in this connection
at the Pulkovo Observatory or at any other institution named in the
resolutions of the Byurakan conference.

In a book "Radio for 70 Years" (1965), Siforov (pp 11-23)
in an article titled 'Radio Role in Space Exploration" fails to
include in his scheme of five steps in the development of radio
communications the problem of interstellar communication where it
logically belongs. He devotes to this problem exactly two lines:

35

- page 35 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather text from an old UFO report document. As requested, I will proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the output of all the text found in the document, without any additional commentary.

"It is not impossible that by radio electronic means the problem of contact with intelligent beings elsewhere in the Universe will be solved."

Parlyskiy and Khaykin of Pulkowo in their review of the development of radio astronomy (1940-1952) do mention the problem of interstellar communications in a few lines, but put their faith in the international radio telescope discussed at a meeting of International Radio Union (Tokyo, 1963). No concrete program at Pulkowo or any other place in the USSR is mentioned.

Also nothing is said about observational programs in the detailed review article by L.M. Gindilis (1965), although the picture of the Pulkowo (see Appendix VI) radio telescope is given with a caption:

"Certain peculiar sources of radio emission that are suspected to be artificial have been investigated with this instrument."

This probably refers to sources STA-21 and STA-102, which were investigated on request from Kardashev (as discussed above), but not to any particular program of investigation.

The only practical approach to this problem would be the organization of a continuous radio survey of all objects within a certain distance, such as 1,000 light years, as indeed is recommended by the Byurakan Conference. This will be a gigantic program requiring monitoring some 10 million objects. Obviously an international cooperation is called for, especially so in the southern hemisphere.

- page 36 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a document or report. As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

Part of which is inaccessible to the Soviet astronomers. As the
Soviets are already doing astronomical work in Chile this would
be the logical place for the establishment of such a radio telescope
for the purposes of such a survey. 
Nothing illustrates better the importance of the subject
of extraterrestrial civilizations in the USSR than a list of
attendants at the Byurakan Conference of 1964 who either delivered
papers themselves or participated in the ensuing discussion:

*1. V.A. Ambartsumyan, President, Academy of Sciences Armenian
S.S.R.; Director, Byurakan Observatory.
*2. I.S. Shklovsky, GAISH.
3. G.A. Gurzadyan, Byurakan.
4. Ya. B. Zel'dovich, Member Academy of Sciences, USSR.
*5. V.A. Kotel'nikov, IRE, Member Academy of Sciences, USSR.
6. B. V. Kukarkin, Astronomical Council, Academy of Sciences,
USSR; GAISH.
7. D. Ya. Martynov, GAISH.
*8. N.S. Kardashev, GAISH.
9. E.G. Mirzabekyan, Byurakan.
10. G.M. Avvazan, Armenian Academy of Sciences.
11. P.M. Geruni, IRE, Armenian Academy of Sciences.
*12. Yu. N. Pariyskiy, Pulkovo.
13. I.D. Novikov, Mathematics Institute, Academy of Sciences,
USSR.

37

- page 37 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document containing a list of names, affiliations, and titles.

Ye. Ya. Boguslayskiy, NII 885.
V.I. Slysh, GASH.
L.I. Gudzenka, FIAN.
B.N. Panovkin, Council for Radio Astronomy, Academy of Sciences, USSR.
A.A. Pistol'kors, Corresponding Member, Academy of Sciences, USSR.
V.I. Siforov, Corresponding Member, Academy of Sciences, USSR; IRE.
V.A. Razin, NIRFI.
L.M. Gindilis, GAISH.
G.S. Shataian, Byurakan.
S.E. Khaykin, Pulkovo.
G.M. Tovmasyan, Byurakan.
V.S. Troitskiy, NIRFI, Director.
N.A. Smirnova, Pulkovo.
N.L. Kaydanovskiy, Pulkovo.
E. Ye. Khachikyan, Byurakan.
A.V. Gladkiy, Institute of Mathematics, Siberian Section, Academy of Sciences, USSR.
*Denotes authors of the reports read at the Conference.
The large number of radio astronomers from Byurakan Observatory may be explained by the fact that the Conference was held there. Otherwise, the largest number of representatives (6) was from the GAISH, that is, the Sternberg Astronomical Institute of Moscow University, which is an important organizational and observational center of all astronomical

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed page from an old document discussing Soviet astrophysicist I.S. Shklovsky and his views on extraterrestrial civilizations. The text describes Shklovsky as a highly respected figure in the Soviet scientific community who enthusiastically accepted the idea of extraterrestrial civilizations, despite some of his unorthodox theories.

Text from the document:

work in the USSR.

A few remarks can be made about these people.
(1) I.S. Shklovsky is the best known theoretical astro-
physicist in the USSR, highly respected at home and abroad. He is
the past president of the International Astronomical Union, and a
member of the Academy of Sciences, USSR. This is the first
intimation of his interest in the problem of extraterrestrial
civilizations, and his remarks at the meeting were of a general
character, apparently made in his capacity as the host of the
conference. As a serious worker in the problem he can probably
be dismissed.

(2) I.S. Shklovsky is the most picturesque figure in the
above list. He is highly respected abroad for his contributions
to theoretical astrophysics and radio astronomy, yet there is a
streak in his make-up that baffles observers.

He enthusiastically accepted the idea of extraterrestrial
civilizations, criticizing his predecessors Oparin and Fesenkov for
their lack of imagination and "pedestrian" attitudes. His work is
generally brilliant with a few odd ideas here and there.

One of these was his theory that the Martian satellites are
artificial hollow bodies put up by the Martians some half a billion
years ago before the Martian civilization expired. This reasoning
is based on so many wild assumptions that some astronomers were

39

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report. 

convinced that it was a deliberate hoax to see how much nonsense they could swallow.. Such hoaxes have occurred low and then in the history of science.

Anyway, Shklovskiy cannot ever claim priority in this idea.

In 1950, a book was published in the US by Gerald Heard under the title "Is Another World Watching?". The author believes the UFO's are coming from Mars, and its satellites are platforms for launching Martian flying saucers. There is more than one contact between the world of UFO's and scientific discussions of extraterrestrial civilizations.

But Shklovskiy's reputation apparently has not been damaged in spite of violent criticism of some of his work both at home and abroad. Last fall he was elected corresponding member of the Academy of Sciences, USSR. It is known also that he heads a large research group at the GAISH.

(6) and (7) are well known astronomers at the GAISH. Both, and especially Kukarkin, are political figures who get into everything in the way of astronomy at home and abroad.

(8) N.S. Kardashev, a pupil of Shklovskiy, is one of the ablest men at GAISH and is particularly interested in the problem.

(4) Ya. B. Zel'dovich is a theoretical physicist who has been connected with the FIAN and later with the Institute of Chemical Physics.

- page 40 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a document containing text.

(5) V.A. Kotel'nikov is the Director of IRE (Institute of Radio Engineering and Electronics) of the Academy of Sciences, USSR.
He is known for his radar measurements of the planets. V.I. Siforov
(19) is Director of the laboratories of IRE.
(25) V.S. Troitskiy is Director of NIRFI (Radio-Physics Institute at Gor'kov University). He is the author of many papers on radio astronomy, and especially on the moon.
(12) Yu. N. Pariyskiy, (26) N.A. Smirnova, (23) S.E. Khaykin, and (27) N.L. Kaydanovskiy are Pulkovo radio astronomers.
(16) L.I. Gudzenko at the FIAN (Physical Institute of the Academy of Sciences, USSR) is prominent in radio astronomy work.
To the above mentioned persons we can add K.P. Stanyukovich, a rocket expert, who frequently writes on interstellar travel by means of photon rockets; V.I. Krasovskiy, an upper atmospheric specialist; V.A. Bronstein, and some others. The total number of scientists in the USSR actively interested in the problem of interstellar communications and extraterrestrial civilizations is probably in the neighborhood of 50.
Of special significance is the participation of Kotel'nikov and Siforov of IRE both of whom are not only radio scientists of considerable standing but also (especially Siforov) influential political figures. Their activity in the problem of extraterrestrial civilizations indicates the degree of importance that the Soviet

- page 41 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Government attaches to it. If recommendations of the Byurakan Conference in regard to construction of new instruments, establishing special sections for the study of the problem at various specified institutes, establishment of a special commission to deal with it, etc., are to be implemented (about which no recent information is available), Siforov and Kotel'nikov will play key roles. The presence of participants like Boguslavskiy, connected with Research Institute Nr 885, and a strange reference (in the resolutions) to P. Ya. 2427 may be indicative of a military interest in this topic.

- page 42 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

APPENDIX I
CALCULATIONS BY GINDILIN*
The possibilities of communication with other civilizations depend upon the distances between them. This distance in turn is a function of the size of the universe and the number of civilizations in it.
Restricting himself to our own galaxy, Gindilin (1965) attempts to calculate the number of civilizations existing in time with our own. The following equation is used:
Ne = Nk1k2p1p2f(tc)
(1)
Where Ne = number of civilizations in our galaxy coexisting in time with our own.
N = total number of stars in our galaxy.
k1 = factor that specifies the number of planetary systems (therefore, Nk1 is the number of planetary systems in the galaxy).
* "The Possibilities of Communication with Extraterrestrial Civilizations," by L. M. Gindilin. Foreign Technology Division translation number FTD-HT-66-517/1+2+4 dated 27 September 1966.
43

- page 43 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather text from a document. The text appears to be discussing factors related to the possibility of life on other planets, including the probability of life beginning on a planet with suitable conditions, the probability of living matter on a given planet developing intelligence capable of congregating into a society and creating a civilization, and the lifetime of technologically developed civilizations.

The text also mentions that the term "k2" includes a factor of the probability of how many planets within a planetary system have conditions suitable for life to begin, and that this second factor is not necessarily equal to one as discussed in Appendix II.

- page 44 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text.

Such plans, if consistently carried out, would involve the southern hemisphere, possibly Chile, where the Soviet astronomers already have a foothold.

International cooperation in such a large undertaking seems unavoidable. Accordingly, Soviet steps to establish such cooperation may be anticipated at the next meeting of the International Astronomical Union in Prague, in August 1967.

As in most Soviet scientific activities, there is noticeable emphasis on the practical benefits to be obtained from a systematic effort to contact other civilizations.

- page 45 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document that contains text describing the spectral sequence and characteristics of stars.

"As we move along the spectral sequence from stars of type O to stars of type M the temperature of the surface layers changes continuously. Other characteristics of stars, for example, their mass, their luminosity, etc., also change continuously. But the rotational velocity changes continuously only for stars of the early spectral classes from O to F2. Around the F2 class the rotational velocity changes sharply, almost stepwise. The equatorial regions of those stars that are hotter than the F2 class rotate with a velocity greater than 100 km/sec. Stars of the later spectral classes G, K and M practically do not rotate at all; their equatorial velocity is several km/sec. We have the impression that, for some reason, in the process of their development the stars of these spectral classes have lost their initial angular momentum, due to which their velocity is significantly reduced. It is curious that the magnitude of the lost momentum for the stars of the same type as the sun corresponds to the angular momentum of our planetary system. From this we can make a very plausible conclusion that the loss of angular momentum is connected with the formation of planetary systems around the stars in a definite stage of their evolution. One possible mechanism for transferring the angular momentum from a star to the forming planets, in which the role of the transfer agent is played by a magnetic field, was proposed by the English astrophysicist Hoyle."

- page 46 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document.

Presentations are valid, then we can assume that there are planetary systems around all stars whose spectral classes are later than F2. The overwhelming majority of the stars of the galaxy satisfy this condition, i.e., the k1 factor in formula (1) must be close to unity.

Gindilis also points out that another important argument in favor of a large number of planetary systems in the galaxy results from observations of "Barnard's Flying Star." Because this star is very close to the solar system, (closest to us after Proxima and Alpha Centauri) it moves rapidly along the celestial sphere in comparison with other stars. Barnard's Flying Star is a red dwarf of the M5 spectral class with a mass of 0.15 that of the sun. Van de Kamp (American) observed that the proper motion (path across the celestial sphere) of this star has periodic oscillations caused by the presence of an invisible dark satellite. The satellite is dark because its mass is only about 1.5 times that of Jupiter and therefore cannot be self-luminous. This could be a giant planet rotating around its star along a strongly elongated orbit.

Professor B. V. Kukarkin (USSR) has noted that wobbling could also be caused by a system of several planets similar to our planetary system, provided the periods of rotation of the planets are approximately commensurate. Kukarkin suggests that the proper

46

- page 47 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document discussing the motion of our sun and its relation to other civilizations' astronomers, as well as the potential for planetary systems to sustain life.

motion of our sun would appear to another civilization's astronomers to be satisfied by the presence of one giant dark satellite with a period of about 60 years. This is explained by the approximate commensurability of the periods of rotation of the two largest planets of our solar system: five periods of Jupiter correspond to 59.3 years, two periods of Saturn correspond to 58.9 years.

Gindilis continues, "These arguments are not, of course, strong proof of the existence of planetary systems around many stars. However, they indicate that there is a weighty basis for such an assumption. Most investigators consider that planetary systems are well spread throughout the galaxy and that their number can attain one hundred billion (10^11)."

"Of course, not all planets are suitable for the evolution of life. Evaluating the number of planets with conditions suitable for life is a rather difficult problem, if only because we know nothing about the life forms that can develop on other planets. We shall not consider this question. The reader can find details about this in the exceptional book of I. S. Shklovskiy 'Universe, Life, Intelligence,' in the books of A. I. Oparin and V. G. Fesenkov, 'Life in the Universe' and Kh. Shepli, 'Stars and People.'

The limit for the factor k2 given there lie in the range from 10^-6 to 0.06. From this the number of planets in the galaxy with conditions suitable for life is from 10^3 to 10^10."

- page 48 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing only text.

Here is the text from the document, as an output of an OCR (optical character recognition) system:

If the element of randomness is excluded, and it is assumed that life must arise in the presence of the necessary conditions (according to Ginditis many scientists think so) then p1 = 1.

Even with the above assumption there is no guarantee that once life has begun it will necessarily evolve into intelligent life. According to Professor A. A. Neyfakh (USSR) even insignificant differences in the physical conditions on different planets in comparison to terrestrial conditions can cause difference in the period of evolution by one or two orders of magnitude. 

Because intelligent life developed on earth, the factor p2 is greater than zero, but from the above discussion not necessarily equal to unity. Thus there is a definite probability that on a planet where some life has developed, this life at some time in the future will have evolved into intelligent thinking beings. As evident from the preceding discussion, it is not possible to determine this probability p2.

As described in the main text there is no agreement as to the time span of a civilization. One view is that the lifetime tc of a civilization is limited and regardless of its length (hundreds, thousands, or millions of years) is small when compared to the cosmic time scale T. Another view is that the lifetime of a technologically developed civilization is indefinitely large and can be only compared with the age of the oldest objects in the universe.

48

- page 49 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the output of all the text found in the document.

The form of the function f(tc) depends upon the point of
view with regard to the time span of a civilization.
If tc <= T,
then f(tc) = tc
If tc ~ T,
then f(tc) = T - tc
where To is the time between the formation of a planetary system
and the appearance of a technologically developed civilization
on it.
Assuming the lifetime of a civilization is limited, the
following variables may be substituted into equation (1):
Nk1k2 = between 10^5 and 10^10
P1 and P2 unknown but greater than zero and less than or equal
to one.
f(tc) = tc where T is generally accepted as 10^10
Upon substituting into equation (1) under the premise that
one wishes to calculate the maximum number of civilizations, the
following result is obtained:
Nc ~ tc (2)
49

- page 50 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from what appears to be a scientific or technical document, containing only text.

Here is the text output from the document:

Therefore in the most favorable case the number of civilizations coexisting with ours in the galaxy is equal in order of magnitude to their lifetime t. in years.

Gindilis then quotes two evaluations of the number of civilizations, the first evaluation is that there are not less than one per 10^12 stars (not less than one civilization in five neighboring galaxies). The second evaluation, more optimistic, is that there is one civilization per 10^6 stars or on the order of 10^3 civilizations in the galaxy.

Gindilis then calculates the average distance d between civilizations in the galaxy by using the following formula:

d = (N/n)^1/3

Where d is the average distance between neighboring stars, then assuming d_0 = 7 light years one may calculate the average distance.

d. given values of N and t_c. These results are shown in Table II. Based on Table II and his discussion about the possible number of civilizations in the galaxy, Gindilis concludes that the distance between civilizations is not less than several hundreds of light years, and it is probably more than a thousand light years.

- page 51 -

The image contains a table titled "TABLE II" that shows the "Distance between civilizations as a function of the number of civilizations." The table has three columns - "N/Ne", "Nc", and "d (in light years)" - and lists various numerical values in each row.

TABLE II
Distance between civilizations as a function of the number of civilizations.
N/Ne	Nc	d (in light years)
102	109	32
103	108	70
104	107	150
105	106	320
106	105	700
107	104	1500
108	103	3200
109	102	7000

- page 52 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document titled "APPENDIX II PLANETARY REQUIREMENTS" that discusses requirements for the process of the beginning and evolution of life on other planets.

APPENDIX II
PLANETARY REQUIREMENTS

If one assumes that the process of the beginning and evolution of life on other planets must be similar to the Earth's (as maintained by Soviet astrophysicist I. S. Shklovskiy). The following series of planetary requirements must be met:

1. "Planets on which life may begin and develop may not evolve too close or too far away from their star, and their surface temperatures must be favorable to the development of life. However, taking into account that a comparatively large number of planets, say about ten, can originate simultaneously with the star, it may be reasonably expected that at least one or two of them may rotate at distances at which the temperature range remains within the required limits. It is very unlikely that the red dwarfs of the spectral class M, and even later subclasses K, would sustain life on their planets since their radiation energy is insufficient."

2. "The mass of an inhabitable planet must be neither too large nor too small. If the gravitational field of a planet is too strong, the original hydrogen-rich atmosphere will not be able to evolve (by a process involving the escape of hydrogen into space) into the oxygen-containing air on which the advanced terrestrial type of life depends; if the gravitational field is too weak, the atmosphere will not be able to be retained."

- page 53 -

The image contains no photograph. It appears to be a page from a document discussing the characteristics of stars and their potential for supporting intelligent life on suitable planets.

atmosphere will escape into space early in the planet's history
(Mercury is such an example).
3. A highly organized life may be found only on planets circling
sufficiently old stars whose ages may be estimated at several billion
years, since enormous intervals of time are necessary for the
appearance of any intelligent species on a suitable planet.
4. The star must not vary significantly in its brightness for
several billion years. During this time it must reliably and
continuously pour forth a steady stream of light and energy, never
once pulsating or altering its output to any significant degree.
5. The star must not be of multiple type, otherwise the
orbital motion of its planets would be substantially different
from the circular, and the resulting sharp, if not catastrophic,
temperature variations on the planet's surface would preclude
the possibility of life developing.
"The quotation taken from ATD Report 66-57

- page 54 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old document with text. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

Not all Soviet scientists completely agree with the listed requirements. F. A. Tsitsln (of the State Astronomical Institute), for example, does not agree that only single stars are capable of having planets which fulfill the other outlined requirements. Tsitsin goes on to point out three instances where a binary star system could have an inhabited planet. In the first of these the two stars are very close together and the planet rotates around their common center of gravity. In the second instance the two stars are far apart and one or both have a planet rotating around them in the favorable temperature zone. In the last case a planet is considered to be in the libration point of the binary star.

Although it's not agreed that each factor listed must be met for intelligent life to develop, as evidenced by the preceding discussion. The list does serve to indicate some of the considerations necessary in trying to accurately determine the probability that intelligent life exists elsewhere.

- page 55 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old document discussing the history of the idea that intelligent beings might exist outside of Earth, and the development of this idea over time.

SECTION I
HISTORY OF THE PROBLEM

The idea that intelligent beings might exist outside of the earth was debated in antiquity (Anaxagoras, Plutarch, Lucian, etc.). This speculation was frowned upon by the Catholic Church as contradictory to the Christian dogma of the uniqueness of man and his relation to the universe. During the Renaissance the idea of habitable worlds was again revived (Nicolaus Cusanus, Giordano Bruno, Kepler, etc.).

The telescope showed many details on the surface of the planets which generally favored the idea of habitability. It was assumed that man was the goal to which all creation moves and consequently, the celestial bodies did not have any reason to exist unless they served as homes for intelligent beings. In the 18th Century, such scientists as Huygens, Fontenelle, Swedenborg, and others wrote elaborate treatises on the supposed inhabitants of other planets, and even the great philosopher Kant thought that at least some of the planets besides the earth might be inhabited.

Further development of this idea occurred in the early 19th Century. Sir William Herschel, perhaps the greatest observational astronomer of all times, deduced from his own observations that the sun was really a dark body which very well might be inhabited.

1

- page 56 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing text and mathematical equations.

APPENDIX III
POWER REQUIREMENTS

In considering a radio communication link between our civilization and another civilization, it is of interest to determine the power which must be radiated in the direction of the other civilization.

The power requirement can be calculated by the following equation:

w = Iv (d1)2 (d2)2 R2

where d1 = diameter of the transmitting reflector
d2 = diameter of the receiving reflector
R = distance between reflectors

Equation (1) reduces to:

w = Iv (d1)2 (d2)2 R2 - 10^-24.2 R^2 / d1^2 d2^2 watt/cps (2)

under the assumption that the hydrogen radio frequency line is used and that the other civilization is at a rather high galactic latitude where the level of interference (determined by the cosmic radiation background) is much smaller. Two types of interference which have to be considered are radio emissions from the star around which the inhabited planet revolves and background cosmic radiation. The intensity of this interstellar interference in the

- page 57 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a technical document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

radio-frequency line is not greater than that of the continuous
galaxy radio-frequency emission in the same spectral range,
which is equal to 10-21.5 cw/m2 ster/cps for comparatively large
angular distances from the Milky Way band. In the Milky Way the
intensity of the hydrogen radio-frequency line is several dozen
times greater than the magnitude at the higher galactic latitudes.
As an example, assume that d1 - d2 = 80 m and that the other
civilization is 10 light years away (R = 10) Substituting
these values into equation (2), W must be greater than or equal
to 100 watts/cps, which is already feasible. It is quite
possible that the other civilizations could have a much greater
transmission capability and much larger antenna systems than does
our civilization.  Either or both of these conditions could allow
communications over larger distances.  Much larger reflectors are
being considered which could also increase the radius of communications possibilities.  The calculation has shown that communications
with other civilizations can be accomplished with modern equipment.

- page 58 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a table of contents or list of papers presented at the Byurakan Conference.

APPENDIX IV
PAPERS READ AT THE BYURAKAN CONFERENCE

1. V. A. Ambartsumyan, Introduction, pp 7-11.
2. I. S. Shklovskiy, "Multiplicity of Inhabited Worlds and the Problem of Establishment Contacts Between Them," pp 13-34.
3. N. S. Kardashev, "Transmittal of Information by the ExtraTerrestrial Civilizations," pp 37-53.
4. Yu. N. Efremov, "Observations of Peculiar Radio Sources STA-21 and STA-102 in Pulkovo," pp 54-60.
5. I. S. Shklovsky, "Radio Astronomy Criteria of Artificiality of Radio Sources," pp 61-67.  
6. L. I. Gudzenko and B. N. Panovkin, "On the Problem of Reception of Signals from Extraterrestrial Civilizations," pp 83-94.
7. S. E. Khaykin, "On the Problem of Contact With Extraterrestrial Civilizations," pp 83-94.
8. G. M. Tovmasyam, "Using Radio Telescopes for the Establishment of a Contact With Extraterrestrial Civilizations," pp 95-96.
9. V. A. Kardashev, "Cosmic Communication Mechanisms and Intelligent Signals From the Universe," pp 97-112.
10. V. A. Kotel'nikov, "Contact with Extraterrestrial Civilizations and the Radio Range," pp 113-124.
11. V. I. Siforov, "Some Problems of Search and Analysis of Radio Emission of Other Civilizations," pp 121-128.
12. N. A. Smirnova and N. L. Kaydanovskiy, "Influence of Conditions of Radio Wave Propagation in Cosmic Medium and Atmosphere of the Earth on the Angular Size of the Source," pp 129-135.
13. A. V. Gladkiy, "On Possible Languages for Contact Between Different Civilizations," pp 145-146.

- page 59 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

APPENDIX V
RESOLUTIONS OF THE BYURAKAN CONVERENCE
MAY 20-23, 1964

1. Although materialistic philosophy favors the existence of intelligent extraterrestrial life, at the present time there is no valid proof of such life. However, there are strong indications that such life might exist and might develop civilizations.

A contact with extraterrestrial civilizations would be of the highest importance and interest but until very recently such a contact was clearly impossible. At the present time, however, there is a possibility of establishing interstellar communications by means of electromagnetic waves. The best range for this purpose are frequencies 10^9 to 10^11, that is the region of centimeter and decimeter waves.

The present-day technology allows the registration of radio signals across stellar distances. A rapid development of cybernetics makes it possible to formulate the problem of cosmic linguistics.

The rapid growth of scientific literature on these subjects, and the first practical steps made in the U.S. to contact extraterrestrial civilizations clearly show that interstellar communication is an actual scientific problem.

2. It is therefore necessary to undertake the development of an experimental as well as theoretical approach to this problem.

58

- page 60 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with text describing experimental work that should be conducted to detect signals from objects within 1,000 light years and search for signals from more developed civilizations than our own. The text mentions utilizing existing apparatus and setting up radio interferometers, continuing and intensifying optical investigations, and organizing studies in adjacent fields such as a theoretical study of statistical properties of artificial radio sources.

A. Experimental work should be conducted along the following two lines of effort:
(a) A systematic survey of the sky in order to detect signals from objects within 1,000 light years, and sending signals within that distance to possible cosmic correspondents.
(b) A search for signals from the substantially more developed civilizations than our own by applying a careful analysis to discrete cosmic radio sources suspected to be of artificial origin.

To carry out these projects, it is necessary to utilize the already existing apparatus and set up radio interferometers with long base lines of the order of 10^ to 10^ wavelengths.

B. It is necessary to continue and intensify optical investigations having a bearing on the above-mentioned programs. This would include work on planetary systems, identification of radio sources, and an organization of special investigations outside the atmosphere of the earth.

C. Along with these programs there should be organized studies in adjacent fields:
(a) A theoretical study of statistical properties of artificial radio sources, that is, the establishment of criteria

- page 61 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and extract all the text found in the document:

for the artificiality of signals and the development of methods
for the discovery of artificial signals. Further, it is
necessary to develop methods of analysis of the statistical
properties of radio signals and apply these methods to cosmic
sources of suspected artificial origin.

(b) Development of methods of establishing contact
and of a cosmic language on the basis of the general theory of
linguistics. Also, the development of the theory of decipherment
and of the basic principles of the theory of learning.
3. To carry out these programs it is desirable to establish
in a number of scientific organizations special working groups.
The institutions recommended for this purpose are:
GAISH (Shternberg Astronomical Institute, Moscow University)
GAOAN SSSR (Pulkovo Astronomical Observatory)
BAO AN ArmSSR (Byurakan Astronomical Observatory)
NIRFI (Radio-Physical Institute at Gor'kiy University)
IRE (Institute of Radio Technology and Electronics, AN SSSR)
Siberian Section of the Academy of Sciences, USSR
Mechanical-mathematical Faculty of Moscow University
F. Ya. 2427 (Post Office Box 2427, of some unidentified radio
institute).
4. For coordination of research work in various organizations
the Astronomical Council and the Council for Radio Astronomy of

60

- page 62 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document containing text.

the Academy of Sciences, USSR, are asked to organize a special Commission for Interstellar Communications. This Commission should be empowered:

(a) Using the available optical and radio astronomy information to work out for the next conference a program of search for the artificial cosmic sources. A possibility of international cooperation in this task should be considered. 
(b) Paying attention to the recommendations of the present conference to work out during 1964-1965 a plan for technical and financial assistance in the problem of interstellar communications. This plan should include the construction of appropriate radio telescopes and of receiving and analyzing apparatus.

The personnel of the proposed commission is recommended as follows:

I. S. Shklovsky, GAISR, MGU
V. S. Troitskly, NIRFI, Gor'kiy University
G. M. Tovmasyan, Byurakan Observatory, Armenian AN
Yu. P. Pariyskly, GAO AN SSR (Pulkovo)
N. S. Kardashev, GAISR, MGU
L. M. Gindilis, GAISR, MGU
B. N. Panovkin, Council for Radio Astronomy, AN SSSR

- page 63 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

5. It is considered desirable to call the next conference on the problems of extraterrestrial civilizations and interstellar communications in 1965.

6. It is proposed to ask the Academy of Sciences, Armenian SSR, to publish the proceedings of the present conference as a separate book.

- page 64 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document titled "APPENDIX VI DESCRIPTION OF SELECTED ANTENNAS" that discusses two radio telescopes used by the USSR for receiving interstellar radio transmissions. The text describes the 22 meter diameter RT-22 telescope and the Pulkovo segmented plate reflector antenna shown in Figure 2.

APPENDIX VI
DESCRIPTION OF SELECTED ANTENNAS
Presented in this appendix are photos of two of the more
advanced radio telescopes used in the USSR for receiving inter-
stellar radio transmissions. The two telescopes are the 22 meter 
diameter, RT-22 (Shown in Figure 1) and the Pulkovo segmented plate
reflector antenna (Shown in Figure 2).

63

- page 65 -

The image provided appears to be a photograph of a large radio telescope structure. The structure appears to be a parabolic dish antenna with a supporting truss framework. The image is titled "RT-22 Radio Telescope" and is labeled as "Figure 1."

As an OCR system, the text in the document says:

UNCLASSIFIED
Figure 1.  RT-22 Radio Telescope.
64

- page 66 -

This document does not contain any photographs. The text appears to be discussing various historical theories and ideas about the sun, comets, and life on other planets. The text does not mention or describe any photographs.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as requested:

He theorized that the brilliant surface of the sun was actually its atmosphere and the so-called sunspots were simply the solid dark surface showing through the rifts of the atmosphere. The very influential French astronomer Arago, as late as 1850, could not find anything wrong with this theory.

In 1832, Von Littrow accepted the theories of J. Lambert (1750) that comets were undoubtedly inhabited and their extensive atmospheres had the purpose of mitigating and preserving the heat of the sun which must vary greatly along the eccentric orbits of those bodies. Both men were leaders in the mathematical theory of comets.

On the moon the German astronomer Gruithuisen could see cities and railroads, and other astronomers speculated what function the rings of Saturn might have to make conditions there more comfortable for the intelligent beings which were undoubtedly there.

In the second half of the 19th Century the science of astrophysics was born and quickly showed that the conditions on the sun, moon, comets, and the majority of the planets were such as to preclude the existence of any life there. The only possibly habitable planets were Venus and Mars, and life on these was highly problematical. It became unfashionable to talk about inhabitants of other planets, and Lowell's ideas about the artificial origin of the canals.

- page 67 -

The image shows a photograph of a Pulkovo Radio Telescope. The telescope appears to be a large, dish-shaped structure with a prominent central dish and supporting framework. The image is in black and white and appears to be a scanned page from a document.

Figure 2. Pulkovo Radio Telescope.
65

- page 68 -

This page from the old UFO report document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a bibliography or list of references related to the "Soviet Long-Range Space Exploration Program" and the "Project White Stork" survey of recent extraterrestrial civilizations.

BIBLIOGRAPHY
1. ATD Report 66-57, "Soviet Long-Range Space Exploration Program," Mutschall, V., 18 May 1966.
2. FTD-HT-17/142+4, "The Establishment of Communication with Extraterrestrial Civilizations," Gindilix, L.M.
3. Project White Stork, task response: "A Survey of Recent Soviet Literature on the Problem of Contact with Extraterrestrial Civilizations," 29 January 1967.

- page 69 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a supplementary bibliography document.

SUPPLEMENTARY BIBLIOGRAPHY *
1. "Extraterrestrial Civilizations," Symposium, Academy of Sciences Armenian, S.S.R., 1965.
2. "Origin of Life in the Universe," Symposium, Academy of Sciences, U.S.S.R., 1963.
3. Cameron, A.G.: Editor, "Interstellar Communications," W.A. Benjamin, Inc., N.Y., 1963.
4. Fortushenko, A.D., "70 Years of Radio," Symposium, Moscow.
5. Ginzburg, L.M., "The Possibility of Communication with Extraterrestrial Civilizations," Zemlyai Vselennaya, 1963, No. 1, pp 18-27.
6. Dyson, F.J., "The Search for Extraterrestrial Life," Vestnik Akademii Nauk S.S.S.R., 1966, No. 1, pp 36-45.
7. Komarov, V.N., "Man and Mysteries of the Universe," Moscow, 1966.
8. Oparin, A.I., "The Origin of Life on Earth," Oliver and Boyd, London, 1957.
9. Oparin, A.I., "The Origin of Life in Space," Space Science Reviews, 1964, Vol 3, No. 1, pp 5-26.
10. Petrov, V.G. and Shklovsky, I.S., "Guest from Cosmos," Astronomicheskiy Zhurnal, 1959, Vol 36, No. 2, pp 381-384.
11. Shklovskiy, I.S., "Universe, Life, and Intelligence," Moscow, 1962, Second Edition, Nauka.
12. Shklovskiy, I.S. and Sagan, Carl, "Intelligent Life in the Universe," San Francisco, 1966.
13. Zhukova, A.I., and Kondrat'yev, L.I., "A Camera Imitating Conditions on Mars for Microbiological Investigations," Kosmicheskiye Issledovaniya, 1965, Vol 3, No. 2, pp 330-333.

* Bibliography from PWS Task Response which is essentially Sections I, II, and III.

- page 70 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a report from Project Blue Book.

on Mars was generally ridiculed.
A few hardy souls here and there continued to maintain that
Mars must be habitable regardless of what scientists' observations
indicated. In the U.S. such were E.C. Slipher and W.H. Pickering,
in the USSR, G.A. Tikhov and especially K.E. Tsiolkovskly. Tikhov
remained essentially a scientist and only tried to prove that
terrestrial plants can adapt themselves to the conditions on Mars.
Tsiolkovskly was a dreamer who threw caution to the winds. One of
his books, constantly quoted by Soviet astronomers, has the revealing
title "Dreams about the Earth and the Heavens." With the development
of rocket technology Tsiolkovskiy became in the USSR an almost
infallible authority to quoted side Lenin and Marx.
The novelists, as usual, were years behind the scientists.
H.G. Wells' "The War of the Worlds," appeared in 1905. It was
(and still is) extremely popular throughout the world, and many
remember the panic in 1938 when this story was dramatized on the
radio. Millions of people believed the Martians were landing
in New Jersey and marching on New York City.
However, the scientists were rather cool toward the possibility
of life on Mars or elsewhere outside the earth. Perhaps the lowest
point in the belief of extraterrestrial life was reached in the

- page 71 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text without any visual elements.

OCR Output:

1920's when Sir James Jeans showed that the collision of two stars, according to him the only possible mode of the formation of a planetary system, is an extremely improbable event, and it may well be that the earth is a cosmic freak with some kind of mold on it called life.

Doubts were soon thrown on Jeans' theory of the origin of the solar system, and quiet investigations on the origin of life on the earth and other celestial bodies continued. In this respect, A. I. Oparin's work deserves to be mentioned. He is still Director of the Institute of Biochemistry, Academy of Sciences, USSR, and is the author of many articles and several books on this problem. 

The situation changed radically with the postwar development of radio astronomy when it became possible to think of a direct contact with extraterrestrial civilizations by means of radio. The beginning of the new approach was sharply marked by the appearance in the British periodical "Nature," of a letter by two U.S. scientists, G. Cocconi and P. Morrison, "Searching for Interstellar Communications" (1959). This letter fired the imagination of many people including one of the remarkable Soviet scientists, I. S. Shklovskiy, the author of numerous articles and several books on the subject.

Shklovskiy's first book, "The Universe, Life, and Intelligence,"

- page 72 -

