The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE & TIME GROUP
4/7/67   2220
2. LOCATION
Jefferson City, Mo.
10. CONCLUSION
Unidentified
11. BRIER SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS Witness, the observer, described a very brilliant light approaching him at a height of less than 600 feet, or brilliant witness stated that it made his hands look as though in x-ray. Object resembled a small ball and was a brilliant light that seemed to change in size and directions with extreme speed. Observer stopped car 3 times, object apparently confirmed by witness official and pilot of light yard and third time, the Ozark airport where the object was observed through telescope. Object reportedly confirmed by witness officials and pilot of light yard and third time, the Ozark airport where the object was observed through telescope. Result of that air movement balloon completely discounted by phone call with witness. Witness knows personally boys who witnessed the balloon which was some 6 different time and different date, one of the pranks being the police.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a typed document, likely a report or transcript related to Project Blue Book.

Meta - 7

Yes sir, I do.
and by the way I have a review of it coming out in the April issue of the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists.
I'd be glad to read it.
which, if you don't have a copy there in the library, I'd send you a reprint.
Well, if you would I'd appreciate it, but I'm sure the University of Missouri would have, but I'd appreciate a copy of my own.
All right, fine.
Dr. Hynek, I want to ask you one thing and I don't want you take this as an affront and get mad, but I want to ask you a very personal question about this. Do you think that the Air Force could be using this situation merely to keep a secret? I mean, are you being recorded now, where you wouldn't want to say that?
Well, no, this is all right, for me to say this. I have of ten wondered this myself.  
It would bother me if I were in your position.
Well, I've often that - afterall, I'm expendable as an individual - that it is always a possibility that Xh I was being used as a foil. But on the other hand, I've had no real evidence of this. If I ever come across, in 20 years it seems to me I would have come across some tangible evidence in the form of a letter that I stumbled across, or a communication that I shouldn't have heard and so forth, but I really haven't.
You can't say that that's ever happened. Well, here's what's bothered me. Have you ever checked into any Canadian incident?
Yes.

- page 2 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

Have you ever spent any time in the Northwest in Canada?
Not much.
Not much. Well, I talked to____ and several others,____who used to be at the U. of Missouri, he is now at Berkeley (and I know that's a bad name in colleges, but really it's quite good as far as intellectual) and Einstein was one of his teachers at Princeton quite a few years ago ____-- and I talked to him about it, and he seems to think from he's read and things that have come up as far as - he's just using what you'd call scientific' intuition which scientists don't like to use but in cases like this it's all they've got, and he seems to think that the Air Force is behind it in some way or another. If not behind it, they know more about it than they're letting on like they do, and I think that the man may have a point.- The reason I think that he does is because that there are too many ridiculous situations given, that just couldn't be. For instance, this weather balloon thing, with me. Now I know, sir, and of course you don't because you didn't see it, but I know positively now since they said that to me that they're full of hot air themselves. You see.
Yes.
And through the basic concepts of algebraic logic or any other kind of logic I can figure out, OK, there's something rotten in Denmark here.
Yes, one could arrive at that. We could have a long discussion on this, and I hope we do over a drink some time rather than over a long distance phone, but there, one could explain this also by complete military dumbness, and the military mind. There is that possible explanation.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a typed document or report.

Metz - 9

However, let's go into that some time.  
I'd love to. When will you be back in this area sir?
God only knows, but I get there every once in a while and I might ask, you may be getting to Chicago before I get down there.  
I might be; that's a good possibility.
So, make sure that you look me up when you do. You brought up the Canadian business. What connection did that have with the . . .?
The Canadian, yes. Well, Dr. - this friend of mine, this other Dr. - was in Canada and he, of course, noticed that in the Northwest there are huge installations up there and no one gets in, if you know what I mean. And even the personnel - he was involved in some research up there - he asked me not to use his name by the way - and he said even the places that are fenced off, xxh in huge acers, he said the men who work there, working on the secret projects, they have to fit into certain categories. A - not being married, and things of this nature you know, and also they have to fit into certain categories of exactly what is expected of them after they get out of this project, if you know what I mean. And I just wonder if that isn't what we're really seeing?
Well, this is something that I know nothing about . . . 
Well, it worries me. It not only worries me, I know you're a scientist and I appreciate that, and xxxxx I've read and reread many of your articles and it worries me from just an humanitarian point of view - I would hate to see a man of your stature used as a foil like that, and it could be done, knowing the military.
Yes, it certainly could be done, and, however, I think now, with the National Academy of Sciences having given its fine OK to the Condon Report -

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in the provided image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document with text content.

Here is the text output from the document:

Report I wouldn't be the only one being used as a foil, but Condon and the entire National Academy of Sciences which is . 
Yes sir, and so are we.  So are people like me.
Yes.  We are a lot of us in the same boat in that case.
We sure are.
However I'm continuing to, be that as it may, it's the phenomenon that I'm interested in
And it's there!
And this is what I, this is thing that I as a scientist am studying and the Air Force relationships, etc., statements, could be either here or there as far as the phenomenon is concerned.
Very inconsequential, in other words.  In other words, you're interested particularly as a scientist to find out the answer
Entirely.
That's good.  That's the kind of language I like and anyway I can help you, if I run across any other facts, I'll write you immediately.  But I have lost your address, so if you could send me something .
My address is extremely easy.  It's simply Department of Astronomy, Northwestern University.
Department of Astronomy, Northwestern University.
Yes, that's all.  Now I hope I do hear from you and if you have any more that you'd like to add to this or any other comments, please write.
Well, you see, I have one thing that's very interesting that might help.  Now, I have a number of State Patrolmen friends that (they're close friends) and the Missouri State Patrol is a very fine organization, and these men are on the road all the time - one of them lives in the house

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

next to mine here - he, if there's anything seen why he'd be the one to see it, and yet, the Patrol has sort of an 'official-unofficial' attitude of "Don't see them", you know? But these guys would tell me, and if anything comes up, you'd never hear about it otherwise.
Yes, that's it. The only way we can get information is essentially from private sources.
That's about right. The state will not cooperate.
Now that's quite right.
I wonder if the Air Force even would if it came to somebody seeing one in their ranks.
Well, this is problematical, alright. Say, I do want to thank you for taking this time, and again, let me say that I'm sorry that something slipped up and we didn't get together.
Well, I honestly - on my honor I did not receive word. If I had I would have been there, as in fact Jack & I, the patrolman and I were ready to meet you . .
Golly that's a shame.
When I didn't hear from you I though, well this gentleman is obviously run into some consequences which could not be helped and he didn't let me know exactly when you would be coming in - you did, but I didn't receive it.
Well, I'm glad I called for several reasons, tonight. One of them is certainly that we got that straightened out. I was really looking around for you at the airport and wondering - I thought that something had gone wrong in your plans had suddenly changed.
Oh no, when I tell someone I'll be someplace, I'll be there unless something like this happens where I'm either not notified when to be there

- page 6 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document or transcript.

Metz - 12

or something of that nature. No, I'm very German, Dr. Hynek, and quite Prussian even in my ways. Rarely a second late, let alone a minute.

I'm also very thorough and consequently, this is why I am thoroughly enough to know that if someone does "write" me and tell me to be at a certain place, they must have a reason. You can see my logic.

H    Right.

M    Ok, sir. I'll write you and let you know if anything else I think might help or any other sightings or anything I run across.

H    That's just great. We'll thanks a great deal. 

M    And anytime you're hear, my door's open.

H    Fine, and give my regards to Dr. Wood, even though I never met him.

Mgl: ***I will and you will meet him.

H    Fine. Ok Good night. CUT 7

M    Good Night. OA LIO

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings during the 1950s and 1960s.

Output of the text in the document:

TEPT (UFO) /Lt Marano/sac/typed 13 Mar 69
UFO Sighting of 17 Apr 67 from near Jefferson City, Missouri

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Dearborn Observatory Research Center
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois 60201

On 3 Mar 69, we requested transcripts of all conversations that
you have had with Mr. ---- regarding his sighting. We have not
received a transcript of this conversation. Please forward either
a transcript or the tape of this conversation so that our records
will be complete.

DOCTOR SATWANTAILLA, JR. Lt Col, USAF
CHIEF, Aerial Phenomena Branch 
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 8 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, containing only text.

TDRP (UFO)/Lt Marano/sac/22 Apr 69
UFO sightings of 3 Apr 69 from Cochrane, Wisconsin and 17 Apr 67 from Jefferson City, Missouri.
Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Lindheimer Astronomical Research Center
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois
1. Reference to letters of 9 Dec 63 and 17 Mar 69 regarding the UFO sighting of 3 Apr 69 from Cochrane, Wisconsin. To date we have not received the letters mentioned. Please furnish us with a copy of this letter so that our records will be complete.
2. Also reference is made to a UFO sighting of 17 Apr 67 from near Jefferson City, Missouri. On 3 Mar 69, we requested transcripts of all conversations relating that you have had two telephone conversations with individuals concerning this case. Our records indicate that you have not forwarded a transcript of this conversation as yet. Please forward a transcript of this conversation as soon as possible so that our records will be complete.

JOHN QUINNAVILLA, JR., Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in the shared image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text.

TDY (USAF)
Data Tape Recording #1

Dr. J. Allan Hynek
Director, Astronomical Research Center
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois 60201

Enclosed is the tape recording of your conversation with the 17 Apr 67, Jefferson City, Missouri UFO sighting. We don't have any tape recordings, inasmuch as we have nothing to add, that can be of use in the speed of the recording. Therefore, we are returning the recording without taking a transcript.

DOCTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office  
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation, specifically a letter dated April 24, 1969 from the Department of Astronomy at Northwestern University to Colonel Hector Quintanilla, Jr. of the Project Blue Book Aerial Phenomena Division.

The text in the document is as follows:

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

DEPARTMENT OF ASTRONOMY
LINDHEIMER ASTRONOMICAL RESEARCH CENTER

24 April 1969

Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
(AFOSR)
Project Blue Book Aerial Phenomena Division
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
OHIO 45433

Attn: TDPT (UFO)

Reference: Your letter of 23 April 1969
Subject: UFO Sightings of 3 April 68 from Cochrane, Wis. and
17 April 1967 from Jefferson City, Missouri  

To: Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla, Jr.

1. Enclosed is copy of letter to Mrs. - dated 18 February 1969 as requested in your above referenced letter.

2. I am unable to send you the first transcript of my conversation with the witnesses because inadvertently something had gone wrong with my tape recorder and I got nothing but a garbled sound. I can assure you that the contents of the second tape are largely the same as the first.

S. L. Stein, Director
Lindheimer Astronomical Research Center
Evanston, Illinois 60201

JAR:lc
encl:

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed text document related to a UFO sighting.

TDPT (UFO)
UFO Sighting of 17 April 1967

J. Allen Hynek, Director
Lindheimer Astronomical Research Center
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois 60201

Please forward transcripts of all conversations that you have had with Mr. [redacted] or Mr. [redacted]. Thank you.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document related to a UFO sighting near Jefferson City, Missouri on April 17, 1967.

Text extracted from the document:

TYPE (UFO)/LT MARANO/SAF/YPSD 9 MAY 69
UFO Sighting of 17 April 67 Near Jefferson City, Missouri

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Lindheimer Astronomical Research Center
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

1. Reference your letter of 24 April 1969 regarding a conversation between you and Mr. J. A. Quintalilli of 17 April concerning the UFO sighting of 17 April 1967 near Jefferson City, Missouri. You brought to the attention of this office the fact that the Project Blue Book office is the fall of 1968; and although the quality of the recording was poor, it appears that several portions that have a bearing on the analysis of the UFO sighting. For instance, Mr. Quintalilli's statement that the object was at a lower altitude than his aircraft and his statement that the object was a lower altitude than his aircraft and was a "larger craft than the aircraft stated that the object was not moving at a high speed, but to the best of Lt Marano's recollection approximately to the best of his memory.

2. Both the statements that the object passed almost over the Jefferson City Municipal Airport and that the pilot of the incoming aircraft sighted the object are unsupported by the testimony of the witnesses and the evidence submitted to the official investigation. Therefore, if your trip or so much as possible of the conversation, the tape will be returned to you unedited along with a copy of the transcript.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., LT COL, USAF
CHIEF, AERIAL PHENOMENA BRANCH
AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGIES DIVISION
DIRECTORATE OF AEROSPACE SAFETY

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this document. This appears to be a letter from the Department of Astronomy at Northwestern University addressed to Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla, Jr. regarding a UFO sighting report.

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY 
DEPARTMENT OF ASTRONOMY
LINDHEIMER ASTRONOMICAL RESEARCH CENTER

19 May 1969

FTD (TDTR)
Research and Aerial Phenomena Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Attention: TDPT (UFO) 

Reference: Your letter of 12 May 1969
Subject: UFO Sighting of 17 April 67
Rear Jefferson City, Missouri

To: Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla, Jr.

1. I am enclosing the tape in question, the first portion of which is intelligible. The last two-thirds of the tape are badly garbled.

2. If you can make anything out of it I would appreciate a copy of the transcripts (who) the tape is returned to me.

J. ALLEN HYNEK, Director
Lindheimer Astronomical Research Center
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois 60201

Atmlg
Encl.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a letter from the Harvard College Observatory in Cambridge, Massachusetts, addressed to Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla, Jr., USAF, Chief, Project Blue Book, Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Aeronautical Systems Division (AFSC) Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433.

Here is the text from the letter:

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
60 GARDEN STREET
CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS 02138

AREA CODE 617 868 7800 

August 5, 1969

Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla, Jr., USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book
Department of the Air Force
Headquarters Aeronautical Systems Division (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Dear Hector:

Thank you for your letter of 1 July and its enclosure. I have read it carefully and I am pleased to enclose a report on the sighting of a bright light in the vicinity of the moon; a meeting of a committee of which I am a member. 

I found the case you sent extremely interesting. I am particularly pleased with your estimate of the percentage of such events as this that can be explained. My only minor comment is that I would have replaced the word "possibly" by "probably". 

I see no reason to get excited over the Kansas City sighting. Such apparitions are well known and are usually explained. The gas bag hot air balloon, if such it was, is probably the suggestion. The description sounds to me much more like the planet Venus - even to the flashing and irregularity, which I have often noticed.

I think that the failure of the Air Force to record anything like radar observations or photographs of these "flying saucers" is strong evidence that they do not exist. Planes or meteors or all sorts of quite natural phenomena might produce a duplicate of what the witnesses saw, and again I think it likely that a good many of the sightings are either hoaxes or are truly insignificant celestial events.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature]

- page 15 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this scanned document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be a typed report discussing an incident of alleged UFO sighting.

The text in the document is as follows:

Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla -2- August 5, 1969

Were the kind of phosphorescent sparks so characteristic of fire/explosion. The explosion as described is more consistent with
as part of the explosion, some of the falling debris could have produced the observation of the two heavy parts.

The foregoing is my analysis for what it is worth. I will be interested in getting your reaction. 

With reference to the Jefferson City sighting, I am certainly not impressed either with the principal observer or with reference to the others who join him.

Estimates of size and distance mean absolutely nothing, but under about the man's eye condition. However, he was observed on through the windshield and such observations can always be misleading. Could it, for example, have been a reflection of light such as makes the statement that "at one time it was directly overhead."

At no time does he indicate that he stopped the car, got out and a closer examination. And a person with binoculars as a rule should have been asked whether he tried to observe with these instruments through the side windows. Were the side windows of the car closed? Otherwise how does he know it was the "top down"? Otherwise how does he know it was the "top down"? Otherwise how does he know it was the "top down"?

He advances a fantastic theory to explain the sighting. From the description, I would judge that he has read some of the more sensational books on UFO propulsion and imagines that his intelligence that makes the UFO books that indicate that
also about his intelligence.  And I assume that he is trying to keep this a secret.

I certainly could have been misled. I have instructed that the object look in the window or windshield, the distortion could well have been more noticeable. At least it could have been a disk rather than a point as he concluded.

Is a final comment, the statement in his interview about "g forces" again indicates some familiarity with the jargon of UFO reports. I think it is misleading if hyped to have sent him a copy of this critical review published in the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists.

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. As an OCR system, I will proceed to extract all the textual content from the image:

Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla -3- August 5, 1969

Scientists. And I am particularly surprised at his statement that he thinks the "used as a 'signal'" which is even more to the point, hynek's a statement that Condon and the entire National Academy of Sciences could not have been so used.

Another thing that strikes me as peculiar is his continued reference to "world War I holms," which is unusual for someone only 25. He claims to have 20-20 vision, but is this man who served with my reconnaissance unit, I would very much doubt it.

As for my evaluation, I would say that the object seen could very well have been a German bomb. However, until the questions I have raised about viewing through windows or windshields and sights and sounds from my machine can be resolved, I am not persuaded the object was other than a conventional aircraft, and possibly some other lights. However, if the interview is reopened, I would strongly suggest that someone other than myself ask the questions. He should be asked to reconstruct precisely where he was looking and what he was describing, and not give him any leading questions. 

Well, Hector, it is easy for me, without any evidence other than in the files you have sent, to sit back and try to pick apart what might have happened. I can also suggest some new leads and new thoughts, I shall be satisfied.

It begins to look as if I shall do the children's book on UFO's. If so, I shall want to get as much photographic material from you as I possibly can.

With my very best regards and many thanks for your continued interest in my evaluations, I am,
Cordially yours,

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the Department of Astronomy at Northwestern University, addressed to TDPF (USAF) from J. Allen Hynek, the Director of the Lindheimer Astronomical Research Center.

The text of the letter is as follows:

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

DEPARTMENT OF ASTRONOMY                     LINDHEIMER ASTRONOMICAL RESEARCH CENTER

10 March 1969

RTC (TDSTR)
Research and Aerial Phenomena Division
Office of Information Air Force Base
Washington, D.C. 20333

Attn: TDPF (UFO)

Reference: Your letter of 3 March
To: Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla

1. Enclosed is the typed transcription of the case, and the
Lieita case of Cochems-Wisconsin.

2. Since the former transcription contains material which should
certainly be at least administratively confidential, I would appreciate
your considering it so and labelling it accordingly.

J. ALLEN HYNEK, Director
Lindheimer Astronomical Research Center
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois 60201

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a transcript of a phone conversation between two individuals, "Hynek" and "Metz".

TRANSCRIPT OF PHONE CONVERSATION BETWEEN HYNEK & METZ

H    Is Mr. there?
M    This is he.
H    Well, Hi, this is Allen Hynek at Northwestern University.
M    How do you do sir. I didn't get to see you when you were down. 
H    No, and I'm sorry about that. What happened?
M    Well, I'll tell you what happened. There were several things that happened. 1) I didn't get a phone call telling me when to meet you or METZ: and I didn't know exactly when to meet you.
H    Well now, I definitely sent the letter, because . . so something just must have gone wrong, because I was short of at the airport there in Columbia I was looking around for you. 
M    Well, the mail service, I guess, didn't come through that time. Probably what happened I built a new home, see, and they probably got the mail confused.
H    Yes. Something must have happened because I was definitely disappointed in not seeing you there . Then, I thought, my reaction, unfortunately, I guess, was the wrong one. I thought to myself, well, He doesn't care enough about this, so 
M    No, I care enough about it, but I also am not uncouth and therefore, I wouldn't go where I haven't been intended to go or invited, and so consequently I did not, since I did not receive your letter, or your phone call, I figured that you had made other plans, and I excused it at that level.
H    Yes. Well, two hits - no runs, no hits and two errors. Uh?
M    Absolutely right. I really didn't - this didn't bother me at all.

- page 19 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a text document, which I will now transcribe:

I thought, Well, he has a busy schedule and he obviously had to make other plans. I know university very well, and I thought, well, possibly they insisted on taking him to dinner that evening or something, and knowing that, I just excused it.

As much for that. You'll be probably somewhat disturbed to hear that the Air Force has tentatively classified - now I didn't - the Air Force tentatively identified your sighting as a hot air balloon.  

I see.

What is your reaction to that?

I think it's funny.

I thought you would.

In fact, I not only think it's funny. I think it's ridiculous.

Because, now the basis for it, however, they did have some basis. It was, your Chief of Police down there, Claude E. Short, finally answered their letter. He wrote, "We are sorry that we have not answered your letter before now." However, I was absent from my desk for several weeks and upon my return I inquired about any complaints being received on any observations of this kind and received word that we did have complaints, so first off let's check what those complaints were. Upon further investigation personally it appeared that some local kids had placed a substance of some sort in a plastic bag that the cleaners use when they return garments to customers after they have been cleaned, and after inflating the garment bag in some way the substance gives a lighted effect and it floats off into the air." And this was signed...

And I even know the boys that did it.

Excuse you do?

- page 20 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed transcript of a conversation.

Oh sure. The Highway Patrolman's son.
Now that's funny. 
And I know who did it and one of them was a professor at Lincoln's son, (I caught here at Simonton's here for three years and know most of these kids) and they even told me that they were going to do that. And except this one thing: That was not the night that I saw the thing.
Now that's a nice point. Well, this gives me the information I need because I'm going to be there at Wright Field this Friday and this is one of the cases that they wanted to close out on and I will point out that this is not so easy.
No, it isn't, sir.
I hope that I get a chance to really meet you and this --- - you remarked here that------ a wife makes good coffee!
You're always welcome and if you're ever in this area you're welcome to stay in my home if you wish. I'm sure-----would love to meet you. He's one of the nicest men that you'd ever meet. And he was my botany professor and we got to be very good friends and all are, and even though that's been many years ago now I'm in graduate school, and we're still close friends.
Great! Two other things I want to ask you. First off, when - how many nights before or after the sighting did the garment bag incident occur.
Oh, that was some time before then.
Some time before.
You'd have to know Mr. --- to understand the letter that they received. I don't want to hide anyone down at all, I don't believe in that, but I know --- and --- and unless his heart, he does the best.

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document containing text.

Text from the document:

"He can't do he can, but, judging from the letter that you received, it's typical. The time is wrong, the date is wrong, everything else is wrong. From what you read it just doesn't make sense. This man is .

Personally, I would not. Of course, any one else, they have their opinion. Well, I suspected as much. You really aren't telling me too much that I didn't already suspect. Oh yes, another thing I wanted to ask you. I take it that ' is still incognito. Yes. He won't talk. Absolutely not. I shouldn't say incognito. I should say incommunicado. Yes, he just won't. He just won't, huh? He's just as soon leave it alone. Now, when you folks were looking at this from the airport, you mentioned there were three places you stopped. Xbcjeeiokag At the bluff, at the Jenkins Junk Yard, at the Ozark Airport. Are you, is it possible at that time, I'm not referring to the first two times, but is it possible at that time that you were - it was so far away that it could have been mistaken for a star? No, it couldn't't, because we had a telescope. We were looking through the telescope and as you know even the largest magnitude of star will not will not magnify, quite right."

- page 22 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page of the UFO report document. The document contains textual content describing an encounter with an unidentified object.

Metz - 5
M  will not magnify in a typical 40-power refracting lens, and consequently
this would be an impossibility because this thing did magnify.
H   This thing showed a definite, then, apparently showed a definite disk.
H   It showed a definite disk.
H   Was it in fact spherical, or was it, well, of course, originally, it was
like you say WWI helmet.
M   It was still that way, it was obviously. (it{~Blane;} The flat part of 
it plane to the ground, if it's possible for anything to be plane in
this universe.
H   Well, this, I'm very glad to have this thing - you know, the first notes
I took on your, on the first talk we had, I must say that I have misplaced
them.  I have the report, original report and you have the drawing of
the, well it looks like the helmet and the track it took, and so forth
and I recollect you said something about some objects dropping off
it or out of it.
M   Yes sir. There was no door that I could see.  This is the thing that
really bothers me.  I just absolutely couldn't understand this.  Because
within my experience, Dr. Hynek, I have always expected for something
to go out of something, there must be an opening.  Well, the brightness
of this thing was not such, once you were out from underneath it, that
you couldn't see it.  You know, it was not that bad at all.  The terrific
brightness was when I was underneath it when we came over the cliffs.
And so I could see it{~Blane;} quite easily and it was right over the filled
plains, the river bottom, overthis, and I imagine I was no more than
a quarter of a mile from it, and it was huge, you know.  I said over
300 feet across, and there were no doors that opened.  These objects

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text.

seemed to come out of the material, just out of this bright light underneath the thing. And they took off at unbelievable velocity. The G forces involved, well they would crush any living thing that I know of.
The rapid rate at which ... 
Did they go off in the same direction or in ..
No, one went north, and one went east. And I remember that just off hand; I can never forget it.
Yes, now, I remember that's what you did say before.
Yes sir, and you'll have to admit having seen this some time ago, it's a little difficult to remember each detail. It's so vivid in my mind from the fact that I did see it. I don't care anyone can say anything they want to, now when people ask me about it I just tell the average fellow, no I didn't see anything, I was just kidding, because people think you're an imbecile or something, and in my position - I plan to teach at the University this summer and also I'm an elementary principal -
You are a principal of the school now aren't you?
I am now. And I just don't like the notoriety that this sort of thing. Well, let me put it this way. In Missouri particularly. Now if I was among my professor friends, the intellectual group, then I could discuss this and I have, and there's no problem there. But down here in the sticks, so to speak, just 30 miles away from the University, we're in the clique, you just don't see things like that, if you know what I mean.
Yes, I know exactly what you mean; the real problem is, "How are we ever going to get this to, get a real scientific attack on it, because you know the Condon report is out now..."

- page 24 -

