The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a report form that includes fields for recording details about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP Jul & Aug 67 
2. LOCATION CLYDE , NEW YORK
10. CONCLUSION Other (CONFUSING REPORT)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS See Case
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION See Case
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual 
7. COURSE OF OBSERVATION See Case
8. PHOTOS No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE No
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The observer's name was listed in another report as a witness to an incident on 17 July 1967. The witness reported that he saw some objects on 13 July and two on 23 Aug. He gives all three reports on them same 17 July. The results are somewhat difficult to understand and is in general, confusing. Also the report was nearly 3 months old when submitted and because of the involved it would be very difficult to investigate properly.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR Text Output:
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City State Zip
TELEPHONE NUM AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent: I work as a clerk in a dry goods store. I saw an object about 2 i miles from town which Was silver in color and 60 to 75 feet in diameter. It was hovering about 100 feet above the ground and moved off at a high rate of speed to the north. This happened on June 10, 1967 at about 8:30 PM.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 2 -

The image contains a sketch diagram and a compass rose diagram, but no photographic image.

OUTPUT OF TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

90
75
60
45
30
15
0
N
NW
W
SW
S
SE
E
NE

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document that contains a questionnaire with various questions for the witness.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone also with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle Name 
ADDRESS Street City State
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned document with text from a UFO report.

OCR output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: Vol. 24 Day 7 Month 1967 Year 

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The sighting on 7/13/67 at Clyde, New York, lasted about 15-20 minutes. The object appeared to be very bright, lit from within, and hovering at a point about 500-600 feet off the ground. It was egg-shaped, with a dome on top. During most of the sighting, the lights seemed to dim and brighten several times. At one point the object appeared to emit a beam of light toward the ground, about 20-30 feet long. This beam seemed to scan the ground as if searching for something.

After 15-20 minutes, the object suddenly shot straight up at a tremendous speed and disappeared from sight within 3-5 seconds. 

I was sitting in my car at the time, with my girl friend, and we both saw the object clearly. I thought at first that it might be a helicopter, but the speed and maneuverability were not at all like a helicopter. The movement was unlike anything I have ever seen before or since.

I have no explanation for what the object was, but I am confident that it was no conventional aircraft. I have a good knowledge of airplanes and helicopters, and this was nothing like anything I have ever seen before. It was a strange and eerie experience that I shall never forget.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and transcribe the text found in the document:

I have noticed driver that, drives a Car with western a 7 dials. The same object that I saw on 14 July 53, with about the same color. Ashes that last from 5 to 10 minutes. It moves at high speed, turns rapidly and disappears in a few seconds.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this scanned document. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

APPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDDT/UFO                                        NOV 3 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 20 August 1967

Clyde, New York 14433

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Branch (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 20 August '67, would you please complete the attached PPD Form 164 and return it in the self-addressed envelopes. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please make a statement to this effect. The form will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

There are the reporting details in the given text, but no photograph is present in this scanned document.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of a typed letter from the Police Department of the Village of Clyde, New York, dated July 7, 1967.

POLICE DEPARTMENT
VILLAGE OF CLYDE
Municipal Building
Clyde, New York 14433

[Redacted text]

Dear Sir:

I saw an object on the road near Clyde that I would not call a UFO but I would like to report it anyway. It was a quite unusual thing. I'm not very good at explaining things for reporting purposes, so I hope that this information can be of some help to you or someone else that may be interested in this sort of thing. I saw them and explain things better.

Sincerely yours,
[Redacted]

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

OCR OUTPUT:

TPT (UNO) Maj Quintanilla/79916/nas/30 Dec 67
UFO Observation, 23 August 1967

509th Bomb Wing
Travis AFB, New Hampshire 04803

1. The Aerial Phenomena Office is in receipt of two unidentified flying object reports from Clyde, New York that occurred on 23 August 1967 at 0310 local and again at 0030 local. Both sightings were of a strange light in the sky.

2. Request information on whether you had scheduled any refueling flights on AR 7006 that could account for either sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER:

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technology Division
Production Directorate

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT OUTPUT:
TDDT (UFO) RCS Custanilla/70916/mha/30 Dec 67
UFO Observation, 28 August 1967
150th Air Refueling Group
Clinton County AFB, Ohio 45177
1. The aerial phenomena Office is in receipt of two unidentified flying object reports from Clyde, New York that occurred on 23 August 1967 at 2030 local and 2130 local. Both sightings were of a string of several lights in the sky.
2. Request information on whether you had scheduled any refueling flights on 28/29 Aug 1967 that could account for these sightings.
FOR THE COMMANDER

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Foreign Technology Division
Production Directorate

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, which was a historic Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC) 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:  TDPT (UFO)

SUBJECT:  UFO Observation, 23 August 1967

TO: 1500th Air Refueling Group
Clinton County AFB, Ohio 45177

1. The Aerial Phenomena Office is in receipt of two unidentified flying objects sighting reports that occurred on 23 August 1967 at Colo local time. Details of several such sightings are contained in local news media accounts.

2. Request information on whether you had scheduled any refueling flights on AR 733 that could account for these sightings.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division  
Production Directorate

1st Ind (CC)                                    5 Jan 1968
 
TO:  Hqs Foreign Technology Division (AFSC)
ATTN:  TDPT (UFO) 
MADS: CLI 15133

Be advised that this unit had no refuelings scheduled at that time.

FRANK H. GAITTEN, Colonel, Ohio ANG 
Commander

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire for the observer to fill out.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it becomes necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 26 JULY 1967

2. Time of day: 20:30 Hour Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? CLYDE, NEW YORK State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Hours Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes _ No

6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: b. Bright c. Cloudy b. NIGHT: a. Bright d. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. Overhead e. Don't remember

FTD FORM This form supersedes FTD 144, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 12 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object and surrounding conditions.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now produce the text found in the document:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Numerous
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
Obj 12 Volt red light at 100 yds or so on Police Car

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and dash away? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke?  Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? /_,,,,, "lli .., Ai.,..,. 1^ .._. ,., /. .,,,._ ,.. 1.1.'.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound V .?. ' J.lll^
b. Color /[<. <•, •? '" /-( <". i-r„n,i "'' -'- J ' ' -.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? / ^ ~. 2 /, ,.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
/••'/- n

- page 14 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 50-55 mph, traveling slowly

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2000 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
a. Inside a building
b. In a car In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _________________

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open countryside?  In the open countryside
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast  Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 45-50 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars No Yes
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite  Yes No
h. Other _______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. These would be the physical details of its size, shape, color, etc. The object was shaped like a cigar with metallic, disc-like ends that seemed to rotate clockwise as the object hovered and traveled slowly across the sky. The size would be comparable to a small airplane with the color being metallic gray. The object was silent as it moved through the sky.

- page 15 -

The image contains a photograph of a compass-like image with a sun or star-like symbol in the center. There is also a sketch showing the path of an object or objects in the sky, with instructions to indicate the motion and direction of the object(s).

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve or line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curve or line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90*  75* 
   B
   60*
         A 25*
             0*

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten notes]:
Obj held a STEADY course

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 3 

Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Some as 28

- page 16 -

