PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 6 Mar 67, 7/041-52
2. LOCATION: Tawas, Michigan (1 witness)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: East North
8. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes [X] No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [ ] Yes [X] No
10. CONCLUSION: Possible AIRCRAFT
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer stated that the object appeared as a light. Object appeared brighter than the original star. Object was compared to a bright round light bulb. Edges of the object were like a bright star. Color: was red and white.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-220 (TDE) - Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   15   March   1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 2 -

SHIPPING ORDER
No.S.O. 10967

SHIP
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF

Name NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
Address DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
City EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

Their P.O. No. VERBAL Our W.O. No. 87981

Date 8/17/67

SHIP VIA WILL CALL    SHIPPING COST C.O.D. 2.31    WAYBILL NO.    INS.NO. 9262

NUMBER OF
PRINTS
1
1

TITLE OR SUBJECT
8MM COL REV CONTACT DUPE "UFO"
8MM COL REV CONTACT DUPE ADD'L, 551 EACH

ON
2 50'

IN
2 50'

REELS CANS
CARTONS

AND

OTHER MATERIAL

ORDER COMPLETE
2 PRINTS SHIPPED TO PATROLMAN WILLIAM FISHER (ALSO ORIGINAL)

THANK YOU MT

GEO. W. COLBURN LABORATORY INCORPORATED
164 NORTH WACKER DRIVE • CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60606

PACKING SLIP AND LABEL


- page 3 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD:

Cases investigated by William Powers-

DATE           LOCATION            WITNESS         EVALUATION

6 March 67     Henderson, Ill.                     Unidentified
8 March 67     Cambridge, Ill.                     Insuff data
9 March 67     Galesburg, Ill.                     Unidentified
9 March 67     Moline, Ill.                        (Illegible final evaluation)


- page 4 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

5 April 1967

FTD (TDIER)
Research and Aerial Phenomena Division
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Attn: Major Hector Quintanilla

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Enclosed is the report on the Galesburg and Moline, Illinois, sighting of March 16-11, 1967.

Sincerely yours,

Systems Engineer

WTF:lp
encl


- page 5 -

INVESTIGATION OF MARCH 10-11: GALESBURG AND MOLINE, ILL.

Four witnesses or sets of witnesses were contacted and interviewed during this 1-½ day trip;(since officers from Chanute Field were in the area also,)only the cases that sounded as if there might be something substantial to the story were investigated. In the course of the investigation, four or five incidental sightings were dealt with by telephone or in person; all were of the light-in-the-sky type, and could reasonably be attributed to Venus and Jupiter, or airplane landing lights. There were several brief interviews with newspapers and radio stations, in which the investigator gave a review of the bright objects which were in the sky and could be mistaken for something usual. The investigations with the principal witnesses are reported below.

[Redacted] Deputy Sheriff,
Galesburg, Illinois. [Redacted] about 40 years old, and married; he has been a Deputy for at least 15 years. At present he conducts a night patrol alone throughout the outlying areas of [redacted], working out of the Sheriff's Department in downtown [redacted].

On the morning of March 6, at 0425 (by watch), [redacted] was parked at an overpass one mile east of Henderson, which is east several miles. He often stops here, because there is a good view of surrounding roads. At 0425, [redacted] thought he saw a meteor or a fireball southeast of him, at least 15 miles away. This object was red in color, and [redacted] say immediately that it was traveling apparently upward and toward him; he saw shortly that it was nothing with which he was familiar, and (still in the patrol car) reached into the rear of the car


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-2-

to get his binoculars out. While he was finding them and getting them out, he kept watching out the side rear window, (car facing west). At this point he almost decided to "get out of there", but remained. He got out of the car, and looked at the approaching object through binoculars, at which time he saw the shape shown in the accompanying drawing (made except for labellings). He said that if one imagined the bottom part to be like one of the rubber cups placed under furniture legs, and a dome set down into the cup, the appearance would be exactly the same. The whole bottom part seemed to be spinning rapidly, at "4 to 500" RPM (or possibly "4,500 RPM" - the tape isn't clear). The rim section pulsated red all over at irregular intervals, averaging a second or more between pulsations; the pulsations were definitely not regular, nor did they display any other pattern could notice.

The object approached straight toward and passed directly overhead at low altitude. At the overhead point, indicated that it would have subtended about 14 inches at arm's length, or roughly 30 degrees. He could see the circular plan view of the bottom, which was also rotating, and appeared to have closely-spaced strips across it which rotated with the rest of the bottom section. A hissing sound was heard while the object was near, like air under high pressure escaping. There was no tone to the sound, just a hiss: said there was no resemblance to the sound of any kind of engine, jet or piston, that he knew. He is a private pilot. The hiss was continuous, growing in intensity as the object approached and fading as it left.

When the object had passed over and had travelled on its straight course toward the northwest for perhaps one minute, a brilliant column


- page 7 -

of light shone straight down from the bottom of the object, for two or three seconds, and then shut off again. This column of light was about 3/4 the diameter of the object, and its sides were parallel and normal to the ground and the level bottom of the object. The bottom of the beam was cut off by trees. The light was white, and [redacted] likened it to a ray of sunlight shining from between clouds. After the light shut off, the object continued to the horizon. It disappeared at 0436, having taken 10 minutes between the overhead position and disappearance.

The top of the object appeared to be white, and sparkled like salt crystals on a road when headlights shine on them, although headlights (which were on) were not aimed toward the object. At the top was a circular (apparently) area which seemed to have a dome of transparent material set into it, but inverted - going inward rather than outward. Surrounding the whole object at all times was a bluish-white haze, like a halo around the moon, or like the scattered light around a spotlight beam.

[Redacted] height above the ground was such that his horizon would be about 7 miles away; if the object were 200 feet in the air, another 14 miles would be added, making 21 miles from overhead to the northwest horizon. The object travelled this distance in 10 minutes, and [redacted] said it seemed to speed up during the last minute. Assuming a constant speed, he can calculate the airspeed as about two miles per minute, or 120 statute miles per hour. The speed would be proportional to the square root of the height above the ground, so that at a 100 foot altitude, the speed would be 85 mph, and at 1000 feet it would be 265 mph. [Redacted] estimated the speed at 300 mph, and was not able to estimate altitude.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

However from his size estimate (30 feet) and the angular diameter when closest, the object would have had an altitude of only 50 feet. Angular estimates are well-known, however, for being grossly exaggerated by al-most all witnesses, trained or not, so the actual height consistent with a 30-foot diameter could be anything up to 500 feet.

[Redacted] once saw a similar object, without the bright white light, about 12 to 15 years previously when he was a Deputy in Humboldt, Iowa. He watched it dart back and forth, starting and stopping abruptly, for about half an hour, and then called a skeptical officer to come and join him; the officer was impressed. However, many witnesses will say an object was "similar" when the points of similarity are very few; there was no way to get enough detail on this previous sighting to enable an evaluation to be made.

[Redacted] mentioned that on two additional occasions over this time-span he has seen objects that did not seem ordinary, but that the present one was by far the most impressive. He is positive that what he saw was not an airplane or helicopter, or "one of them little plastic balloons" (there had been a hoax in the area involving a balloon and a flare). He says he saw what he saw: he is certain it is some kind of piloted craft, that it is nothing conventional, and that he could not have mistaken anything else for such an object. He says his eyesight is perfect and that he is not given to hallucinations or to telling lies.

He has been ribbed a good deal by his fellow-officers and even by his wife, but he says he doesn't care: they don't know what they're talking about, because they didn't see what he saw. He is willing to accept the idea that the earth is being visited from other civilizations in space, saying that he doesn't find this idea fantastic at all: in a thousand


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

years we may well be doing the same thing, and in this universe there must
be other civilizations at least 1000 years older than ours.

This witness' story is unshakable; he is positive of what he saw,
he appears to be entirely in his right mind, and his description is clear.
I must classify this report as dealing with an unconventional object.
This is the only conclusion possible on the basis of the presented
information and the apparent character of the witness.

Farm housewives. Present at the interview

Four younger children who were involved in the sighting were not
present, because "talking about it upsets them too much."

The two ladies are next-door neighbors, living on farms about
7.5 miles east of. Both have been watching UFOIFs frequently
since last August; however their interest arose from a sighting in August
of 1966 which sounds reasonably interesting, and so their subsequent
observations are at least motivated. Many of their observations have to
do with lights in the sky, and they readily admitted that most of what
they have seen might had been conventional objects such as stars, planets
or aircraft. However on at least three occasions objects were seen which
they would not accept as conventional.

The August sighting involved a large oval red object that flew
through the air emitting a high-pitched whine on a single pure line
(very much like sightings in Lansing Michigan and surroundings, 21-25
May, 1964, in USAF files). The next was on the Friday night following
the great snowstorm of 28 January (?) 1966, when a neighbor came
to tell her something was flying right toward her house. Mrs.


- page 10 -

her son, and two daughters saw the object through a window. It was very large, oval, and carried red, green, and yellow lights; it flew low over the house, and then seemed to drop suddenly behind the trees in a field north of the house. They have not been out to that field to investigate and do not intend to go.

The sighting which stimulated the investigation took place at 7:10 p.m. on March 9, 1967. The ladies were outside looking for UFO's as they do quite often, when [redacted] dropped her eyes toward the horizon a little south of west, and saw a bright pulsating red object hanging in the air, just above treetop level. It was apparently closer than [redacted]. She screamed, and [redacted] looked too. The object was shaped like a pancake, with a rim made of red lights which seemed to pulsate irregularly. The top was rounded, but there was no high dome on it. The object approached closer, and suddenly it seemed to explode.

A brilliant white cone of light fanned out from the object toward the witnesses, so bright that all who were watching (two adults, two teenagers, and four smaller children) had to cover their eyes; [redacted] said, "That white light - I don't know what it was, I've never seen anything like it." The ladies were visibly upset during this initial recounting of the incident; [redacted] had tears in her eyes.

The white light lasted 10 seconds (by re-enactment), and then turned suddenly off. The red pulsating lights were again visible for a few seconds, and then the object accelerated very rapidly off to the north, disappearing behind trees in the northwest, or about 50 to 60 degrees from where it was first seen. Angular diameter was impossible to obtain, although the witnesses said that the "snowstorm" object had been much closer and clearer.


- page 11 -

Tawas, Michigan
9-1-67


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

The fact that the witnesses have been looking for UFO's more or less as a hobby, and that they take them rather seriously and speculate about what they want here and where they are from, may seem to detract from their qualifications as witnesses. However, they gave the impression of being quite ordinary witnesses; their many sightings are typical of other sightings of planets and stars by people who are ignorant of astronomical objects or technology in general; their interest seemed quite adequately explained by their initial experience last August, and carried no overtones of mysticism. Indeed they had never paid attention to objects in the sky before the August sighting.

One would expect that witnesses like these would see many things which they could not explain if they observed the sky regularly; there is no reason to think that they are lying about having seen something, or that they are hallucinating. It was evident from their talk that while they suspected many objects of being UFO's, the sight of the object on the 9th of March was a real shock: they recognized immediately that they were dealing with something quite different from the "UFO's" they had been seeing previously. It should also be noted that while the ladies had observed many unknown objects together during the past months, this was the first time they had ever reported anything. Even then, they reported it only because they heard that other people were making reports, and in their publicly-known reports they mentioned only a sighting from several nights previously, an object which they readily agreed could have been Venus, when the investigator explained the appearance of Venus and when and where it could be seen. They reported the object of March 9 only after being convinced that they would receive no publicity and would not be ridiculed.


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-9-

5 minutes; later that night there were many radio reports from further south concerning bright objects "hanging in the sky". (These all sounded like Venus or Jupiter).

Since the sighting was not at close range and involved no object, no conclusion about the actual cause of the lights can be reached. The case should be classified, "unknown: too little information for conclusion." This would correspond to the present class, "Insufficient information", except that by nature, no matter how well-observed by the witness the lights were, no decision could be reached. The object itself is nearly devoid of information.

[Redacted] patrolman, Moline Police Department, Moline, Illinois.

[Redacted] sighting occurred on the afternoon of March 9, 1967.

His eldest son was with him at the time. This case has been thoroughly investigated by officers from Chanute Field, so only general observations will be made concerning the motion picture film taken by [Redacted]

Mr [Redacted] was located on 14th street and 16th Avenue, looking north. The object was seen visually at about a 45-degree elevation (modified by [Redacted] from the 30-degree angle given initially). The location is in the northwest portion of Moline.

The object went north; the witness felt that he could almost see what it was, but it became smaller. The film does not cover the closest approach of the object, something having gone wrong and the film not having been exposed for the first five feet of film. Finally the object drifted away to the northwest. A second object was then seen to follow the same path, giving exactly the same appearance and appearing to hover in the same places. [Redacted] tried to photograph the second object, but found out


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

later that he had been out of film.

After the sighting, Fisher saw a "flying boxcar" air cargo plane which had just taken off from a nearby airport, and photographed it, too (he thought) for comparison. This was reported in newspapers as [redacted] having sighted a UFO "the size of a boxcar". [redacted] sighting was from 1:31 to 1:43 p.m.; a helicopter flight was known to be in the area of the sighting, but it departed at 1100 and returned at 1250, thus being out of the area 40 minutes before the sighting.

The investigator viewed the films both at normal rate and at five frames per second a number of times. The sequence was in three parts, separated by windings of the camera, so that the appearance of the object changes abruptly twice, once with a pronounced streak. As the film progresses the object becomes smaller and fainter, showing less contrast with the background. In the first segment the object is large enough on the projection screen to show some detail.

The basic form is a horizontally elongated oval area of white against the blue of the sky. The image shows pronounced image breakup of the type often seen in astronomical images: the shape changes erratically as if being seen through a layer of water with random ripples coming by. There are two highlights, side by side, visible in many of the initial frames, with a surrounding and joining area of light color.

There are many frames in the initial section in which the object is in the same orientation and has the same size; therefore it seems possible to employ a multiple overprinting technique often used in astronomical planetary photography to improve the image. By carefully


- page 15 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

printing one frame on top of another, a composite image may gradually be built up in which random variations due to atmospheric effects and grain can be averaged out, and a better idea obtained as to the true shape of the object.

Patrolman Fisher says that he saw the object visually when it was closer than in the pictures, and that both then and later it was far clearer visually than in the final movie: he was considerably disappointed in the quality of the film results. The first object appeared oval, with a dark underside and highlights on a metallic-looking body. The second object was similar but showed no dark underside. Judging from the atmospheric effects in the movie film, it is difficult to see how a visual observation could have shown any more detail, at least during the time the movie was made, because the image quite plainly is being strongly affected, and this could not be improved by visual observation. Of course the eye can perform averaging processes which film cannot, but by the same token the eye can inject information into an incomplete picture which is not really there.

It is highly advisable to attempt to bring out more detail from the films, by making composite prints and even by converting the pictures into density readings and processing the information by computer.

Mr. [redacted] has had offers for the film by television networks and by magazines; he is still undecided as to what to do. Understandably he would like to take advantage of any such offers - as a patrolman, his salary is not stupendous - and in addition he feels that he has a duty to let the public know what he saw. The investigator requested that after he finished these arrangements, the film be turned over to the Air Force, to Northwestern


- page 16 -

University, or to the Condon committee for careful examination. He said

he would write when he knew what he was going to do with the film.

The investigator advised Mr. that he would suggest to Blue

Book that copies of the film be made by the Air Force, one negative

being given to Mr. in return for temporary use of the original

film for evaluation. indicated that he would be happy to comply

with such a request; he cannot afford the cost of prints himself, and

would like to have a negative for lending to those who would like to

make their own copies, rather than risking the original. This of course,

is in the interests of those who want to examine an undamaged original.

Also, pictures as they stand do not show whether the object

seen was conventional or not. An aircraft, particularly a jet, departing

along a climbing path straight away from the viewer could give the appear-

ance of an oval object, and would appear to stay still or move only slightly

for several minutes. The fact that two objects in succession were seen

following similar flight paths suggests military aircraft departing for

patrol, or commercial flights departing one after another from the same

runway under tower control. The only way that these possibilities can

be checked out, other than finding the flights which were at the right

place and at the right time, would be to obtain more detail from the films,

or to perform an experiment in an attempt to reproduce the films with the

same camera, at the same time of day.

Because of the possibility of aircraft as an explanation, the

investigator would place this sighting in the category: "unknown; possibly

conventional".


- page 17 -

The Witnesses

Galesburg, Illinois
Knox County Sheriff's Department -
Galesburg, Illinois
Note: the home phone number is unlisted, and is not
to be used or given out except on official USAF
business.

Geneseo, Illinois
or Henry County Sheriff's Department
Cambridge, Illinois

Moline Police Department
Moline, Illinois

Rural Route 1
Knoxville, Illinois

Addendum: The classification being suggested might be outlined
as follows:

Class 5: Object seen in sufficient detail to rule out conventional
causes if the description is taken as accurate.

Class 4: Details observed which contradict conventional causes,
but uncertainties in report or observation which could
leave room for conventional explanation.

Class 3: Not enough detail observed to suggest either conventional
or unconventional cause; either conventional or unconventional
type of explanation equally applicable.

Class 2: Some unusual aspects to observation, but could be explained
by presuming some conventional object present (not, however,
in contradiction to witness' statements).

Class 1: Object positively identified as conventional.


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

0436 dis. over horizon

Jumping Rotating Pad
Rotating Pad
Bottoms Sides like
one unit.

Blush haze
all around

Inv inverted dome
whitish
sparkling like
light on crystals

Angle when erected
~ 14" at arms length

wobbled slightly as went over

0925 AM
6 Mar.

Courson's
Drawings
Investigators labelling


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

comical ray of very
bright white light.

red pulsating
lights

Mrs. [name redacted/blacked out]

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or flying saucer-like object with several circular elements and annotations describing a "comical ray of very bright white light" and "red pulsating lights".


- page 20 -

UFOC (UTO) Maj Quintanilla/70916/mbs/23 Feb 68
8 am Palo, Septwag 9 March 1967

Dr. J. Allen Hynek

In reviewing the Quad City area, Illinois sightings of
5 - 11 March 1967, we noticed that the Oat film taken by Police
Chief William Fisher of Moline, Illinois, was not in the official
file. Your vouchers of 21 December 1967 indicate that the air
Force paid for the processing of this film. We would appreciate
to if you would forward the film to the Aerial Phenomena Office
in order that the film can become part of the official record.

HECTOR (QUINTANILLA, JR.), Major, USAF
Acting, Aerial Phenomena Office
Space Technology Division
Directorate of Technology


- page 21 -

this case includes
one (1) 9mm film


- page 22 -

Dear Sirs,

On Monday, March 6 about 8:30 til 8:45 we sighted a UFO over our barn. My name is Greg Brown. I live at the address of 1895 South U. S. 23, Tawas City, Mich. - again. It was in the west. When we first seen it, it looked a white color very bright, and had a orange red light that went on and off. It was round, moved quite fast, and was up about 100 feet. It was about two miles away. It landed in some woods by our house.

No one in our neighborhood seen it but my mother and I. We did not go out and listen to see if it made a noise. We did not get a picture of it.

Yours truly,

[Signature is blacked out]

Stamps/Markings:
- FTD (in an oval)
- SEND 164


- page 23 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information, so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
6 March 1967
Time of day: 8 45
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

2. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

3. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is blacked out]
Tawas, Oscoda
City or Town    State or County

4. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
15 00
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

4.1 How was time in sight determined?
[Text partially illegible]

4.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

5. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

6. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know are marked for each item]


- page 25 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it went partly out of sight and disappeared

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound that I could hear
b. Color: Seemed to be a halo or red light

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much would have been covered by the match head?
9/16

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A sketch shows a circle with an arrow pointing west]


- page 26 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other    home

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank] miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No

e. Binoculars    Yes    No
f. Telescope    Yes    No
g. Theodolite    Yes    No
h. Other    Yes    No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

[Handwritten text appears to be somewhat illegible, but seems to read something like: "Electron like a star not bright"]


- page 27 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? _____________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME
ADDRESS     Saginaw   3 Michigan
TELEPHONE NUMBER     AGE 11   SEX male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Blank lines for Day, Month, Year]


- page 29 -

