PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
November 67

2. LOCATION
Hazard, Kentucky

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Probable Astro (VENUS)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Stationary

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer sighted a bright object about 10 degrees W of the sun. Dr Hynek suggested that it was probable VENUS which has a stellar mag of -4 and is approx 30 degrees west of the sun.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD:                                                16 Nov 67

Subject: UFO Sighting, 16 Nov 67

Residents of Hazard, Kentucky (606-436-3622) called to say that they have been observing a metallic object west of the sun. This object has been seen for the past several weeks and moves as a stellar body, that is it retains it's position relative to the sun. "Placed the position of the object as approximately 10 degrees west of the sun."

Called Dr. Hynek at Northwestern University. Dr. Hynek suggested that the object was probably Venus which has a stellar magnitude of -4 and would be approximately 30 degrees west of the sun. Weather permitting, Dr. Hynek will try to photograph Venus sometime in the daylight hours of 16 November.

1350 hours, 16 Nov 67

Spoke with Owen Hugghates at above number. Mr. [redacted] is out of town and will not return until after 5 PM. Mr. [redacted] will have Mr. [redacted] call the UFO office tomorrow, 17 Nov 67.

At 1525 hours, Mr. [redacted] called the UFO office and spoke with Major Quintanilla regarding his sighting. Major Quintanilla told him he was probably looking at Venus. The Planet Venus, Mr. [redacted] said he wondered about that because others in the area had suggested that it might be a planet. Major Quintanilla explained that normally you don't see Venus like this. He said that he was going out tomorrow morning and try to observe it and that he had also spoken with Dr. Hynek and it has been overcast there but he is going to try and get their telescope to take a picture of it. Mr. [redacted] said that it was about thirty degrees west of the sun, and that he found somebody who has a 600 power telescope and the knew a good photographer and he thought that they were setting it up for tomorrow. If he does get a picture of it he will forward it to Major Quintanilla. There hasn't been anything in the newspapers on this but a little bit was on radio.


- page 2 -

