Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE : TIME GROUP
14 Feb 67  15/0246Z

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Westward

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

2. LOCATION
Morgantown, Pennsylvania

10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft (possible)

one

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched at first an orange fireball then a more
observable object coming from the east. The fireball
type of object changed to one with a three light configuration. There was one white, another green and the third
red. The observer made several calculations to determine
the height and speed of the object.

The description is consistent with that of an aircraft

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-332 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

14 Feb 67                    Morgantown, Pa.

10 March 1967

P.O. Box [redacted]

Dear Sir:

Thank you for yor report, which Lt. Marley has forwarded to me for comment. Your calculations appear correct in principle, but the speed could have been calculated using the hypotaneous triangle, since the sound would be travelling along the hypotenuse when the object was closest. The calculation done in that way gives 420 Mph.

The only part of the sighting which does not fit the description of a jet airplane is the very bright light, which is not ordinarily seen on cruising jets.

I say ordinarily. Actually the height you calculated would indicate a jet still climbing out of airport toward cruising altitude (over 19,000 ft. usually). It is common for aircraft climing through approach routes to turn on their landing lights as a warning to possible incoming aircraft. These landing lights are powerful and are concentrated forward in a moderately wide beam.

I have done some calculations on the brightness of these lights at various distances, and found, for example, that a 1000 candlepower light confined to a 30-degree beam will appear of magnitude - 6 to an observer ten miles away - a little over 10 times as bright as Venus is right now. I would have the same brilliant 30 miles away. Thus the bright light does not strike me as unusual.

-1-


- page 2 -

Page 2                                                   10 March 1967

The remaining confirmations and colors of lights you describe sound
to me like a competent description of the normal running lights of
a jet aircraft, seen from various angles as the plane passes by.
Identifying the airliner schedules, I cannot of course make a positive
identification, but in comparison with the really unusual UFO sightings
experienced for our time, this one does not seem to call for further
investigation.

Yours truly,

WTP:lh


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Morgantown, Penns.
February 15th, 1967

To: Project Blue Book
Wright Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio.

Subject: UFO Report

Time: 9:46PM to 9:54 PM; February 14th, 1967.
Location: south of Morgantown, Penna.
Direction of Travel: East to West.
Description: at first, an orange fireball; then changing to a three light formation (triangular, one white, another green, another ruby red), and then, after 5 seconds more.....an appearance of a "U" shaped crescent or ruby red non-blinking-continuous lights.

My calculations concerning other factors pertaining to the size, speed, and altitude of this object:

Diameter: 250 feet
Speed: 530 mile/hr.....7800 ft./sec.
Viewed at 45 degrees above the horizon.
Real distance from observer............17,680 ft.    3.3 mile.
Real altitude above the ground..........12,529 ft.   2.4 mile.
Sound lag: 18 inches behind object at 24 inches.
Sound description: no sound until it passed about 15 degrees beyond the observer; then, a loud motor sound like a 4 motored propeller type airplane.

Report on observation:
I live in a mobile home and late in the evening I usually take a walk on the darkened road to smoke a cigarette. This prevents the trailer from getting scaled up since it is closed up at this time of the evening. At the evening of the sighting, I walked down the road looking up to the stars. I would like to point out that here we have a good location with good seeing* for observing the stars. There are few street lights here, and the surrounding towns are 10 to 15 mile away, and the sky from nearby towns does not interfere very much with the sky here. Visual observations even rather close to the horizon are good.

I do know that stars lower than 10 degrees above the horizon are usually obscured due to haze, ground light glow, and cloud obscuring etc. I noticed an unusual light to my south east (about like a planet (about as bright as a similar 1st magnitude star) above the Melich farm* which is to my south. This was immediately noticeable....and I stood alone where road where an apple tree was between me and the sky*. In that way I could notice motion in relation to tree branches. After a few seconds, I noticed that it looked like a fireball and was a bright yellow color....and that the path of travel would have it to the road and at an altitude of 45 degrees to me. I was planning to ignore reporting this....since my last report to your office was not acknowledged....but I thought I had better get my wife immediately to take a look at this, just in case.


- page 4 -

Page 2

(Later I measured the distance from where I was standing, by the apple trees, to the door of my trailer)

I ran as fast as I could, turning 100 yards back to the trailer, opened the door and called my wife out...just in time to see a fireball apparent size...the size of a pencil eraser held at arms distance, (final 24in)...and directly to my south...and I noted the position in relation to a powerline pole and view along the road.

It took 17 seconds for me to run the 100 yards, and get my wife out to see the fire-ball. At this time it changed to an orange color; the same color and brightness as an oil burner flame...a dull orange.

I was suddenly aware that I wasn't taking pertinent information for later calculations, so I immediately got the apparent diameter, then the motor sound was heard. My wife said "there's not an airplane"...

I noticed that the sound lag between the fireball and its sound source was very directional and, using two hand spans with my thumbs together, I noted that the round lag was 16 inches...and my arm length is 24 inches. I checked this three times for accuracy.

I noted the time: 9:50...when the object was directly south...I noted that its path was 45 degrees...exactly half way between my zenith and the ground.

After the fireball passed and was south west of me, it suddenly changed to a 3 light formation; in a triangle, the left light was green, the forward one white, and the right one red...and for five seconds this pattern prevailed. I got the apparent diameter of the light formation at 24 inches. It looked like a great wing airplane and gave the impression of _____ but offered no outline and really _____.

After the five seconds when it was traveling more West than South, it formed a "U" shaped crescent, resembling a "saucer shape", but no blinking light in the center. I watched it for another 3 minutes, checked its apparent size all the times...and just before it entered a cloud cover (and the clouds were high) and to the west for the next part of a clear sky with good seeing). I got an apparent diameter of the width of a nickel. When it entered the cloud it looked like: _____.

Here is what it looked like: Being along the turn Pike we have a lot of air traffic over Morgantown and this object was in the flight lane between Philadelphia and Harrisburg, but it definitely was not an airplane...unless one had a terrific fire that burned for 3 minutes before being extinguished. It did have the airplane sound, but this was not heard until after it had passed by...no radio boom etc. no outline.

My Calculations:
Knowing that the sound lag is 16 inches in 24 inches; then the ratio of 1/3 times 1040 ft sec (the speed of sound at 40 degrees) yields the air speed of the object. This calculation is 730 ft/sec.

Since 88 ft/sec equals 60 mi/hr; then 1.47 ft/sec equals 1 mile/hr.

730/1.7 equals 530 miles/hr.

Size: since the observed diameter of 1/4 inch at 24 inches, was made at a 45 degree angle by multiplying by 1.4 (the square root of 2) I have corrected to a 550 in. which is the apparent diameter of an observer directly underneath it. With a 45 degree angle...the sides are 1:1; and 1/2 consequently this correction is necessary in calculation of the real diameter of the object.


- page 5 -

Page 3

Calculation for the correction for the real diameter.

[The page contains several geometric diagrams with compass directions (N, E, S, W), angles, and triangular shapes. At the bottom of the page is a text note:]

Note: the apparent diameter is really the hypotenuse of a right triangle; and since this one is a 45 degree one, the correction requires multiplying the apparent diameter by the square root of two; which is 1.4 and the real apparent diameter is .350 inches at 24 inches. This will be used to calculate the real diameter now.


- page 6 -

Page 4

If the sound log is 16 inches at a distance of 24 inches: then the ratio times the speed of sound will give the real speed of the object.
18/24.....or 3/4 1040 (1040 x speed of 700 ft/sec...or 780 miles/hr)
Since the corrected movement diameter is .350; then 18 in/.350 yields
51.4 diameters per 27 seconds.
Since the 16 inches were traversed in 17 seconds; then 51.4/17 gives
3.02 diameters/sec.....and the calculated speed is 780 ft./sec.
780/3.02 will give the real calculated distance which is 258 ft.

If an object is traveling at the speed of sound; then the sound lag
will be a 45 degree angle, and at an arms length of 24 inches; the object
would have to move a sound lag of 24 inches to travel at the same
speed as sound. The ratio provides the ratio of speed as compared to
the speed of sound; and if the needed to travel a equal distance
is determined (timed) then the real speed can be determined as I have
just done.

Next the same amount of time is needed for the sound to travel to the
observer as it takes for the object to travel a length equal to the sound
lag. Since this was 17 seconds at this righting; then 17 X 1040 will
give the feet away from the observer. This is 17,630 ft....which is the
hypothenuse of a right triangle and not the true altitude above the ground.

By dividing by 1.4 (the √2 ) we
can calculate the actual altitude
above the ground directly underneath
the object.
17,630/1.4 equals 12,629 ft.

As a result of these calculations, I
have determined that the object, when
it was directly south of me, was
233 ft. in diameter....at a real
altitude of 12,629 ft....and was
traveling at a uniform speed of
530 miles/hr.

End of report. Sincerely Yours:
[Redacted location, Penna.


- page 7 -

The image appears to be a detailed road map or map of an area with numerous interconnected roads, streets, and geographical boundaries. The map is in black and white and shows a complex network of lines representing roads and territories. Due to the density of the map and the image quality, most of the text labels are too small and blurry to be legibly transcribed. The map covers what seems to be a large geographical region with many subdivisions and intersecting routes.


- page 8 -

The image contains a map of Pennsylvania showing the areas around Harrisburg and Allentown, with various roads and highways. Below the map is a large table with multiple columns listing counties, cities, and towns in Pennsylvania.

The header of the table reads: "Pennsylvania Index Letters & Through Number to locate letter & number refer to map above."

The table is divided into sections:
- COUNTIES
- CITIES AND TOWNS

The text is in a small, dense font typical of an index or directory from that era. Due to the small size of the text, it would be impractical to transcribe the entire contents of the table.

The map shows major highways, city locations, and appears to be a road map of central Pennsylvania.


- page 9 -

