The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, specifically the UFO report form for an incident that occurred on 28/07/55 in Anaheim, California.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 28 Jul 55 2250/0755Z
2. LOCATION Anaheim, California
3. SOURCE (4 Witnesses)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS (UNKNOWN)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 6 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual (BX)
7. COURSE (NONE)
8. PHOTOS (NONE)
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE (NONE)

The text in the document has been captured and output as follows:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP 28 Jul 55 2250/0755Z
2. LOCATION Anaheim, California
3. SOURCE (4 Witnesses)
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS (UNKNOWN)
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 6 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual (BX)
7. COURSE (NONE)
8. PHOTOS (NONE)
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE (NONE)
10. CONCLUSION Possible (AIRCRAFT w/ADVERTISING SIGN)
Description is consistent with this often reported sightings as in aerial advertising.
Object had the brightness of an ordinary star, and appeared to be illuminated color from, red, green, white, blue or red which is not unusual with aircraft at night. Objects moved out of sight toward the NW.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, but it does not contain any photograph. The page shows handwritten text that appears to be part of a report or document.

Conducting OCR on the text in the image:

Project Blue Book
Station Location: Anaheim, California
Date/Time: 7 July 1967, 9:55 p.m.
Sighting Report: Witness observed a bright light in the sky. The light appeared to be traveling at a high rate of speed and changed direction several times. The light was observed for approximately 3-4 minutes before disappearing from view.
Witness Description: The witness stated that the light appeared to be larger than a star and was quite bright. It did not appear to have any other distinguishing features.
Investigator's Notes: Based on the witness description, this appears to be an unidentified aerial phenomenon. No known aircraft or celestial object can explain the observed flight characteristics. Further investigation may be warranted.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, possibly from Project Blue Book, with handwritten text on lined paper.

Producing the text from the document:

Possible design of a aerial vehicle. The move slowly
in the direction of the wind. They forget me
as I reach one side of the ship
and decide to move to the other side

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it is a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The text on the document appears to be a technical information questionnaire used by the U.S. Air Force to gather details about reported UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible on certain unidentified aerial objects that you have observed. The information will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 29 July 1967
2. Time of day: 12:35 - 1:03 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Anaheim, California
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 0 Minutes 28 Seconds. 5.1 How was time in sight determined? Certain, 5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One) DAY: a. Clear, b. Hazy, c. Partly Cloudy, NIGHT: a. Clear, b. Partly Cloudy, c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you, b. Behind you, c. To your left, d. To your right, e. Don't remember

FTD FORM 164 This form supersedes FTD 164 (10-51, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various multiple-choice questions about the details of a reported UFO sighting.

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
a. CLOUDS (Circle One)
b. Clear sky
c. Hazy
d. Scattered clouds  
e. Thick or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a brilliant star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Waver or wobble? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

The OCR output of the text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   (No)   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what is moved behind. 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   (No)   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what is moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Noise
b. Color: Illuminated to change color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Don't know

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch all the details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Rotating
         OOP

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various multiple-choice and text-entry questions about the witness's observations.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
22. If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? about 5 miles
23. Where was located when you saw the object? (Circle One) a. In a building b. In a vehicle c. Outdoor d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other
24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 25 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle Yes or No for each) a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Telescope Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Theodolite Yes No g. Other Yes No
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. 8 to 10 bow/sharp.

- page 7 -

The image contains a compass rose diagram and a section for drawing a sketch to show the motion of an object or objects. There is no photograph present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various fields for the witness to fill out.

OCR output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) (Yes No) 31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) (Yes No)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: My mom

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME First Name Last Name Middle Name
ADDRESS Street City State
TELEPHONE NUMBER -
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a text area for the witness to provide additional information not adequately covered in the questionnaire.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 25 ... Aug ...... 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 10 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an "UFO Observation" report dated August 21, 1967 from Anaheim, California.

Text extracted from the document:

TDST/UFO
UFO Observation
AUG 21 1967
Anaheim, California  92801

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have received is not sufficient for scientific evaluation. Require you complete and return the standard UFO form 14 and return it in the envelope to the Air Force.

GENE C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Intelligence and Electronic Warfare

1 Atch
 UFO Form 14 w/envelope

- page 11 -

