There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

19 May 67
- REPORT OF OBSERVATION
- ITS BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
WAS OBSERVED BY
WAS OBSERVED AT
WAS OBSERVED TO
WAS OBSERVED FOR ABOUT

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire with various questions about an observed object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you are-sured YES, than what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, than how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) 
a. Inside - building 
b. In a vehicle 
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over sea?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West 
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Camera Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Sunglass Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Windshield Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common
object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather appears to be a page from a document with technical illustrations and instructions. The page shows a diagram of a compass and an instruction to draw a picture that will show the motion of the object or objects observed. There is also a question asking if there was more than one object, and if so, to draw a picture showing how they were arranged and the direction they were traveling.

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point on the curved line to show how high the object (which you first saw) was when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show where the object disappeared. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place a "B" at the beginning of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF yes, answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[REDACTED]
33. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE [REDACTED] SEX [REDACTED]
Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[REDACTED]
33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
Day [REDACTED] Month [REDACTED] Year [REDACTED]

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a Project Blue Book report.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day: All
Month: 1
Year: [ILLEGIBLE]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
I did not send any photographs in the file and felt that the general description of the sighting was adequately covered. The sighting occurred on my farm, but I did not include any additional details about the location or circumstances beyond what was already stated.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with handwritten text.

Text from the document:

Dear sirs:

First Friday night (April 7) a couple and two small children were driving down Hwy. 71 near Holgate, Ohio. They saw a bright light in the sky which appeared to be moving very fast. The light stopped and hovered over their car for a few minutes. The light was very bright and illuminated the inside of the car. It then took off at a high rate of speed and disappeared. The observer stated that the light had the appearance of a "flying saucer" and that it was approximately 200 feet in diameter. The incident was reported to the local sheriff's office.

Project Bluebook
Aerial Exploration Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document with handwritten text.

Your request was for me to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

here is the information which would be given to an enemy at any intelligence agency or to the public in any report, so sensitive material has been deleted.

The rest of the text is illegible.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten note describing a photograph that was taken.

Text extracted from the image:

Photograph taken
5/19/67  8:45pm to 7:30pm 
approx 90 angle at 84:30 long
38:05 N lat

Ps. If you wish an additional 
photograph, contact me at my 
home by letter or phone (677-1237)
(Area code 606)

All stars approximately equal 
distance apart

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten note that says "This case contains 41.85x10" photos and 1.25x4.25" negatives."

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with the following text:

19 May 1967
Lexington, Kentucky
Made object and
6 B-10 endangement

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with the heading "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC" and the classification "UNCLASSIFIED" printed on it.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 11 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be an unidentified flying object (UFO). The text below the photograph states that it was taken on May 19, 1967 in Lexington, Kentucky.

Extracted text from the document:

TDET (UFO) MAJ Quintanilla/70915/mba/27 Nov 67

UFO Photograph, May 19, 1967

Lexington, Kentucky 40592

1. Reference your photograph of an unidentified flying object which you forwarded to the Aerial Phenomena Office for analysis. Your photograph is returned by photo negative as V-light-pattern.

2. The photograph which you submitted appears to be genuine as far as a negative is concerned. There is no indication of double exposure or re-touching on either the negative or the resultant paper print. The conclusion is therefore that the object sighted in the photograph appears to be real. Detailed analysis, however, is impossible. Although no definite confirmation could be discerned as to the identity, the possibility that the object is a result of a natural phenomenon cannot be ruled out.

3. No further analysis can be made since you did not observe an object during daylight and your camera did not register an image. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Assistant Chief, Aerial Phenomena Division
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a blank page with the date "19 MAY 1967" written in the top left corner.

19 MAY 1967

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a blank page with the header "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" and the classification "UNCLASSIFIED" printed on it.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 14 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a blank page with the date "19 May 1967" handwritten at the top.

19 May 1967

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual information. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document with the header "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC" and the classification "UNCLASSIFIED" printed on the image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph or visual elements. It appears to be a blank page with only the date "18 May 1967" written at the top.

18 May 1967

- page 17 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains a single photograph, which is labeled as "UNCLASSIFIED" at the bottom. The photograph shows a blurry, indistinct object against a plain background. There does not appear to be any other text or markings on the page.

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a blank page with only the date "19 May 1967" written at the top.

19 May 1967

- page 19 -

The image contains a photograph, which is described as "The 620 negative and print" in the "PHOTOGRAPHY" section of the document.

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
DATE OF REPORT 30 OcT 67
SUBJECT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION Hopkinsville, Kentucky
DATE 19 may 1967
PHOTOGRAPHY
P BN The 620 negative and print
QUALITY Fair
1. PURPOSE: This report answers Work Order 67-76 submitted by Major Quintanilla, (CIETRO)
2. ANSWERS: The submitted photography appears to be genuine as far as content is concerned;
however, the print is of a rather poor quality, having many scratches, finger
prints, and blemishes. The condition of the negative is also poor, having many scratches
and imperfections. Retouching over some of these imperfections was obviously attempted
prior to processing. The photography indicates some static electricity having occurred
prior to processing.
PHOTO ANALYSTS BY: 
WILLIAMS T. COOK
Intelligence Research Specialist
WILLIAM E. TURNER
Major, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysts Branch
OLIVER PIKE, JR.
Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a scanned document titled "FTD WORK ORDER" dated 25 Jun 1967.

FTD WORK ORDER
1. Description of Work: (Include title of unscheduled tasks)
Prepare photo analysis to be accomplished on the attached slides to determine what unidentified objects may be
Slides: 19 May 1967, Lexington, Kentucky
Request all material be returned upon completion of analysis.

13. Div. Chiefs Instruction: Modification or Expansion of Work Description

15. Phones
12. Div. Procedures
17. Div. Chief/Div. Sig.

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document with information on photographic data, including details about the type and make of camera, focal length and make of lens, shutter speed used, lens opening, filters used, and whether a tripod or solid stand was used. The document also mentions the exact direction the camera was pointing in relation to true North. The text is neatly typed and there are no additional markings or drawings in the image.

PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA

1. Type and make of camera
Voigtlander 
2. Type focal length, and make of lens
[illegible] 3 1/2", 6

3. Brand and type of film
Kodak Tri-X

4. Shutter speed used
1/250 (?)

5. Lens opening used, that is, "f" stop
f/11

6. Filters used 
none

7. Was tripod or solid stand used
Tripod

8. Was "panning" used
Yes

9. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true North, and its angle with respect to the ground
[Sketch with arrow pointing in direction camera was facing with angle measurement]

10. If supplemental information is required such as the type of camera, and its shutter speed readings, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, and shutter speed readings of the camera.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

Text found in the document:

TDBT/UFO (Sax quintanilla/7916/aa)
UFO Observation and Photograph, 19 May 67

Lexington, Kentucky 40502

1. This replies to your recent letter of May 22, 1967 in which you mention your observation on May 19, 1967 and submit photographs. 
Your original negative is needed for analysis. Please submit your complete original negative for analysis. Upon completion of analysis we will return your original negative.
2. We wish to thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

James G. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

2 Atchs
1. Photographic Data Sheet
2. FD Form 152 w/envelope

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form for reporting unidentified aerial phenomena (UFO sightings) as part of Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate UFO reports.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This form is used to report information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you provide will assist in the analysis of the report.
1. When did you see the object? [Redacted]
2. Time of day: [Redacted] (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Daylight Saving c. Central d. Mountain e. Pacific f. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? [Redacted] City or Town [Redacted] State or Country
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration) [Redacted] Hours [Redacted] Minutes [Redacted] Seconds
5.1 How was the object's size determined? a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? [Redacted] Yes [Redacted] No
6. What was the condition of the sky? Night: a. Clear b. Cloudy c. Hazy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire or report form with various questions and response options.

6. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Bright, numerous
8.2 MOON (Circle One): c. Bright moonlight - d. No moonlight - pitch dark
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry
10. The object appeared: (Circle One) a. Stationary
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): c. About the same
11.1 Contrast to some common object: [text redacted]
12. The edge of the object was: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?: Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?: Yes
c. Change brightness?: Yes
d. Give off sparks?: Yes
e. Change shape?: Yes 
f. Flash or flicker?: Yes
g. Disappear and reappear?: Yes

- page 25 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, which contains a form with various questions about the reported UFO sighting.

Text extracted from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
and then suddenly disappear 

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
- 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No (Don't Know). IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
-

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound -
b. Color -

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil at arm's length in line with the known object and measure how much of the object's width it covers. If you had performed this experiment at the time, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
-

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details you remember about the object. Please be sure to show the direction the object was moving.
(Drawing included)

- page 26 -

