PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
   3/c/2110
   3 July 67 04/0210Z

2. LOCATION
   Kansas City, Kansas

3. SOURCE
   Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
    Probable BALLOON

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
    One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
     The observer sighted a metallic looking object that traveled due south, had a slight wobble in flight, wisps of smoke could be seen above the object, and seemed to explode somewhere between the observer's home and Richardson-Cahoon AFB

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
   5 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
   Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
   South

8. PHOTOS
   No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
   No

FTD SEP 83-0329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

guess could be made - It flew a straight course crossing the
State Line several blocks south of our vantage point.

The Air Force did not acknowledge any other reports, to our group-
nor was there any publicity given (to our knowledge) through
news media. We received that same night two hours after our report
to the Air Force - what we now know is the standard Air Force
comment "There were no planes in the area at the time and There
were no blips on radar".

My comment - 'Either they were lying or they had better overhaul
their radar.' The object was within three miles of this major
air base (Richards Gebauer) when it exploded and it went between
our house and the Air Base.'

I pressed the Air Force as much as I could into a search for the
parts because - here was another chance to obtain positive evidence.
A similar plea to Mr. [redacted] group for action apparently fell
on deaf ears.

Summary of Action after Sighting

Immediately after sighting and explosion of the U.F.O. - the
writer phoned the WDAF-TV. No other reports had been made but
the operator interrupted our conversation saying that the switch-
board was lighting up like a Christmas Tree, then he hung up
immediately. No further reports or T.V. mention.

I called Johnson County (Kansas) sheriff - he asked a few
questions and got my name and address.

Then I called Richard Gebauer Air Force Base - after several
minutes I got a party to talk to - then five more minutes delay
while he looked for the report Form - which must have been five
pages long, that ended the conversation.

My next action was to search the area (it was dark by now) by car -
and interviewing people in the area - attendants at Drive-in,
Deputy Sheriff at a fireworks stand, etc. - none had seen or heard
anything.

I figured that if the craft was ours or if it was alien - the Air
Force in either case would be all over the area like a tent - I
criss-crossed all the area by car - no military personnel - and
few civilians.

I returned home - one-and-a-half hour later to find that the sheriff
had interviewed three of the observers - but would not admit any
other reports... though we learned later this same man had told a
neighbor that they had over 25 reports !!

10


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

We had just gone to bed when the Air Force called - saying "There were no planes in the area at the time and that there were no blips on radar". The phone clicked.

A week had passed when a secretary from the Air Base called saying a Captain So-and-so wants to talk to me - but he won't be in for several days. He did call - but he seemed more interested in how to join the Astronomy Club than our sighting.

Several weeks passed - and through friends active in the Navy League suggested that I call the skipper of the Base - which I did - he suggested to call the Commander of Richards Gebauer - which I did - he was out, his assistant sent Col. Mercier to visit us - he inspected the binoculars, telescope, the angles - and bearings that we pointed out. He apologized for a comment in the Air Force report - that the U.F.O. probably was a comet. I drew pictures, etc. and signed them. He left. I called him two weeks later and asked him if he had heard anything - he said "No - and you won't either". Col. Mercier in my opinion is a fine officer and a very likeable person but also had orders to keep quiet.

Since I had worked for the Bureau of Standards while an officer in the Navy I figured that I could at least get some sort of a response from Dr. Ed Condon who was head of the Bureau and who had specifically requested one of my reports. So I called him long distance at my expense obtaining him after several days of futile attempts.

I didn't expect him to remember me, the report or for that matter other personnel connected with the project - the project he did remember. He said that this was the toughest job he ever got into mainly for the lack of evidence - I said "That's the reason I'm calling !!: I know where the evidence is and with five men we can find it in a few hours". He said that he is supposed to get copies of all reports made by the Air Force, and as soon as he saw it would let me know - No answer. I followed with a letter to remind him of our conversation - I only asked "Did you get a copy of my report?" - Again no answer, none to this day.

Since this experience with the authorities my contacts have been with numerous other individuals who have had similar experiences both in sightings and their contacts with the Air Force and other authorities.

Since than I have had a very delightful and informative forty-five minute talk with Dr. Allen Hynek of Northwestern, who is the only one thus far who has acknowledged any report or conversation. He will receive the first copy of this last report.

Signed: [Signature redacted]

November 18, 1968


- page 3 -

The following report of a U.F.O. sighting on July 3, 1968 in the Kansas City Suburb town of Leawood, Kansas is made by the author with the following directly related qualifications:

1) Graduate Mechanical Engineer with major in Aeronautical Engineering - Case Institute of Technology 1939 (now Case Western Reserve University)

2) Licensed private pilot since 1941, 700 flying hours, primary glider to cross country and acrobatic type planes.

3) Three and a half years instructor at University of Houston teaching army and navy pilots, Theory of Flight, Air Navigation, Aircraft Engines, Meteorology.

4) Aviation Ordnance Officer, U.S. Navy, assigned to the design and testing of a classified bomb director during World War II. This included many hours of flight testing - as well as training pilots etc. on the proper use and maintenance of this equipment. This included duty at U.S. Bureau of Standards, Tactical test section U.S. Naval Air Station at Patuxent Aircraft Carriers Boxer and Tarawa as well as numerous air stations and depots.

5) Licensed Professional Engineer in the State of Kansas.

6) Member various Engineering and Technical societies.

7) Member of the Astronomy Club of Kansas City.

8) Observed many meteorological phenomena at sea, in the air, etc. such as St. Elmo's fire on sail boats, planes, all sorts of mirages, as well as hundreds of halos, sun dogs, etc. many image distortions due to temperature inversions, land, sea and air. Corona discharges on high voltage power lines, a tornado from an airplane, inverted thunderheads, hurricanes, water spouts, sonic pressure waves, northern lights, comets, meteors, satellites, asteroid showers, are some of the sightings and identified by the observer.

9) While on sea duty with U.S. Navy other duties such as liaison officer between air group and aircraft carrier, photographic officer, monitored radio and radar in CIC, plane accident investigations, etc.

10) Fourteen years as a field welding engineer for Lincoln Electric Co.

11) Instructed at (3) universities - U of Houston, Univ. of California and University of Missouri at Kansas City.

12) Developed and patented several products in plastics, electronics, etc. Now president of Nicholl Bros., Inc. of Kansas City, Missouri - manufacturers of flashlights, lanterns, etc.

12


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

PHOTO MCDOWELL
CHRIS MCDOWELL
JOHN O DOYLE
MICROPROST RECORD
T.W. MCDOWELL
INVESTIGATED MICROWAVE WORLD
+ 2 CHILDREN

BEST VISIBLE SIGHT,
SOUTH 7° 50' JASON DINWOODIE,
4" REFLECTOR TELESCOPE

COPY LINES OF VAPOR
NOT TRAIL AS
CLOUD OF EXPECTED
TO PO FORWARD
ATION

ROUND
FLAT
BOTTOM

CHANGE LIGHTS LIKELY VISIBLE
EDGE NOTED TILTED UP
(B) THE EDGE CLOSEST TO OBSERVERS

ROUND 9-5-67
9:10 - 9:15 PM CENTRAL
FLIGHT TIME

OBSERVERS ETC.
CLIFF CLUB
CHERRY HILLS
ROUND AREA 10°
WIND WEST 10 MPH

MOTION - SUGAR ROLL
8 PITCH
EDGE LIKE A CIRCLE
EDGE TILTED PLUNGE
OLD TEMPLE GROUND
SWIRLS AT SIDE

COURSE - STEADY ACROSS
190° HEADING - EAST
OF OBSERVERS
ESTIMATED -
ALTITUDE 3500' EST.
SPEED 1000 MPH EST.
THIS VISIBLE 4 MIN.
DIRECTION 50°
DARK OBJECT 50'
OBSERVERS 4-5-3

SHOWED CLEARLY DEFINED
SURFACES - MIGHT
METALLIC

MINOR DEFLECTIONS
OF GROUND - TREES
ETC.

BOUND
FLAT
BOTTOM
OF METAL


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

PAGE 8                                                 UFO SIGHTED 7-3-67

CLOUD OF SMOKE?
OR VAPOR? CLEARED
QUICKLY

EXPLOSION
(SMOKE OR VAPOR)
NEARLY PURE WHITE

LIGHT WEIGHT
PARTICLES
FLUTTERED
DOWN

TWO HEAVY
PARTS SHOT
EARTHWARD

FLIGHT OF UFO ENDING IN AN EXPLOSION
AFTER OBSERVING FLIGHT FOR ABOUT 45 MINUTES
DEBRIS 170-175° FROM POINT OF OBSERVATION
AT THIS TIME NO EXPLANATION


- page 6 -

TDPT (UFO)
Request for UFO Sighting Analysis

USAF (SAFOICC)
Reference letter dtd 14 May 69 from Congressman Winn requesting
UFO sighting analysis. A proposed reply has been prepared and
is attached.

FOR THE COMMANDER

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
Proposed reply.

28 MAY 1969


- page 7 -

Proposed reply to letter from Congressman Winn, dated 14 May 69.

1. Reference the UFO sighting of 3 July 1967 from Kansas City, Kansas.
After an initial investigation by the Project Blue Book Staff, it has been determined that the object seen by Mr. [redacted] was almost certainly a balloon, probably a Garment Bag Hot Air Balloon. (See attached description.)

2. Surface weather observations were requested from the United States Air Force Environmental Technical Applications Center (ETAC), Washington, D. C. and are as follows:

Kansas City       9:00 p.m. CDT (4/0200Z)
3/8 alto-cumulous coverage
Surface wind from 360° at 5 knots
Visibility - 15 miles
Temperature - 19°C
Dew Point - 12°C

Kansas City       10:00 p.m. CDT (4/0300Z)
Clear
Surface wind from 40° at 6 knots
Visibility - 15 miles
Temperature - 19°C
Dew Point - 11°C

3. Upper air data to 5000 ft was also requested. The closest upper air stations and closest times available were from:

Columbia, Missouri    7:00 p.m. CDT
Alt in meters     Direction     Speed
580               From 300°     14 knots
1045              From 300°     16 knots
1527              From 300°     18 knots
2029              From 290°     19 knots

Topeka, Kansas    7:00 p.m. CDT
Alt in meters     Direction     Speed
600               From 10°      6 knots
1055              From 100°     8 knots
1549              From 310°     8 knots
2055              From 320°     19 knots


- page 8 -

4. It is felt that the evaluation of balloon (Hot Air) is consistent with
the description and flight characteristics of the object.

UFO Description and Flight Characteristics                Comments

Wobble in flight (slight roll and pitch                  Characteristic of balloon flight.
combined)

Wispy lines of vapor                                     Probably smoke from burning heat
                                                          source for balloon.

Bright red-orange lights                                 Heat sources.

Reflective surface                                       Reflections from plastic bag.

50 ft in diameter                                        Impossible to estimate unless
                                                          distance is known.

Explosion and debris                                     1. Possibly caused by a small
                                                          firecracker attached to the base
                                                          of the balloon.

                                                          2. Possible misinterpretation of
                                                          natural decay of balloon.

Lack of debris on the ground                             There would be little left of the
                                                          balloon. It would not be far
                                                          away as observer estimated. Would
                                                          tend to go unnoticed, since the
                                                          observer would be looking for
                                                          metallic debris.

Duration of about 5 minutes                              Suitable duration for Hot Air Balloon

Traveled due south                                       Surface wind southerly at about
                                                          5 knots.

No radar contact.                                        Balloon would be an extremely poor
                                                          reflector for radar.

5. On the basis of the above similarities, this sighting is to be carried
under the balloon category in Project Blue Book files.


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
60 GARDEN STREET
CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS 02138
CABLE ADDRESS "OBSERVATORY"                                AREA CODE 617 864 1600

August 5, 1969

Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla, Jr., USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Department of the Air Force
Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Dear Hector:

Thank you for your letter of 1 July and its enclosure. 
I have recently returned from a fairly extensive trip to 
Europe, with the main objective of naming craters of the 
far side of the moon, a meeting of a committee of which I am 
Chairman.

I found the cases you sent extremely interesting. I 
am particularly pleased with your resume of the Cochrane, 
Wisconsin sighting and your credit line to me. My only minor 
comment is that I would have replaced the word "possibly" by 
"probably."

I see no reason to get excited over the Kansas City 
sighting. But apparently McDonald can work up a sweat about 
anything. I think the analysis of a small balloon, probably 
a garment bag hot air balloon, is probable. The suggestion 
of a firecracker is also reasonable, in view of the data. I 
feel that not enough attention has been paid to the date, the 
evening before the fourth of July. The description sounds, to 
me, more like some sort of fireworks rather than a hot air 
balloon. I am not familiar with all the forms of motion in fire-
works. However, I have seen some forms of motion, often 
colored, which are sent up with a rocket and come down with 
a parachute. I give little weight to the statement that re-
flections of trees could be seen on the flat bottom surface. 
However, the lines of vapor would be quite in keeping with 
some sort of flare. There is no way of knowing how far away 
it was. They don't know its size. However, the description of 
"a shallow inverted bowl" does suggest to me the parachute.

I think that the failure of the Air Force to record any 
plume or radar indication that it was something quite small. 
A search of records in the area might provide a duplicate of 
what was observed. The description of "light weight particles 
fluttering down," is entirely consistent with the idea that these


- page 10 -

Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla -2-                     August 5, 1969

were the kind of phosphorescent sparks so characteristic of
fireworks. The explosion as described is more consistent with
my examination as fireworks rather than a plastic balloon and
as part of the explosion, some of the falling debris could have
produced the observation of the two heavy parts.

The foregoing is my analysis for what it is worth. I
will be interested in getting your reaction.

With reference to the Jefferson City sighting, I am
certainly not impressed either with the principal observer or
with Lyndon's interview with him.

Estimates of size and distance mean absolutely nothing.
The shape is something like a plastic balloon. One cannot help
but wonder about the man's eye condition. However, he was
observing through the windshield and such observations can
always be misleading. Could it for example, have been a re-
flection of the moon? A person seeing such a reflection, when
driving, will observe it to maneuver. He makes the statement
that "at one time it was directly overhead."

At no time does he indicate that he stopped the car, got
out and observed. He claims that he observed with both binoculars
and a telescope. Most certainly the question should have been
asked whether he tried to observe with these instruments through
his windshield or through the side windows. Were the side windows
up or down? Was the top down? Otherwise how does he know it was
directly overhead? These are vital questions that should have
been asked. I should like to know what his eye correction is.

He advances a fantastic theory to explain the sighting.
From the description I would judge that no man from our UFO population. His turbulence that
was apparently was initially not intelligible was after his
windshield was definitely not a clean view about its intelligence. And I
think he must have read some of the UFO books that insist that
the Air Force is trying to keep this a secret.

It certainly could have been a plastic balloon, it could
have been light reflections of various character. It could have
been a slew my planet. If the observer was Lyndon, the position
of the window or windshield, the direction could well have
been complicated, as he concluded.

As a final comment, the statement in his interview about
"G Forces" again indicates some familiarity with the jargon of UFO
reports, but does not add anything to the credibility of his story.


- page 11 -

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

REMARKS
Request surface observations for 3 July 1967 for
2100 and 2200 hours CDT from Kansas City, Missouri.

FROM
TDPT (UFO)
Lt Carmon L. Marano

DATE
27 May 1969

PHONE
70916

DD FORM
1 AUG 60 95

Replaces DD Form 64, 1 Feb 50 and DD Form 364,
1 Dec 50 which will be used until exhausted.


- page 12 -

Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla -3-                                August 5, 1969

Scientists. And I am particularly surprised at his statement that he might have been "much of a fool" with an even more pointed statement that Common and the entire National Academy of Sciences could also have been "much of a fool."

Another thing that strikes me as peculiar in his continued reference to "World War I helmet," which is unusual. For someone only 25, he claims to have 20-20 vision, but is this with or without glasses?

As for my evaluation, I would say that the object seen very well have been a garment bag. However, until the conditions I have labeled finally clearly illuminate the visual reflections are cleared up, I would not dismiss the possibility of other lights. However, if the interview is reopened, I would strongly suggest that someone other than Hynek ask him questions. He should be asked to reconstruct precisely where he was looking and how he was looking, and not give him leading questions. Frankly, I do not trust the judgment of the observer.

Well, Hector, it is easy for me, without any evidence other than in the files you have sent, to sit back and try to reconstruct what might have happened. I can be a long way off. But if I have at least suggested some new leads and new thoughts, I shall be satisfied.

It begins to look as if I shall do the children's book on UFO's. If so, I want to get as much photographic material from you as I possibly can.

With my very best regards and many thanks for your continued interest in my evaluations, I am,

Cordially yours,
Donald H. Menzel

DhM/mb


- page 13 -

The following is the text from the document:

The following is the weather data for 3 July 1967, Kansas City, Kansas, received from the United States Air Force Environmental Technical Applications Center (ETAC), Washington, D. C.

Kansas City                9:00 p.m. CDT (4/0G002)
3/8 alto-cumulous coverage
Surface wind from 360 deg at 5 knots
Visibility - 15 miles
Temperature - 19 deg C
Dew Point - 12 deg C

Kansas City                10:00 p.m. CDT (4/0G002)
Clear
Surface wind from 40 deg at 6 knots
Visibility - 15 miles
Temperature - 19 deg C
Dew Point - 11 deg C

Upper air data to 5,000 feet. The closest upper air stations and closest times available were from:

Columbia, Missouri         7:00 p.m. CDT
Alt in meters   Direction   Speed
580             From 300 deg   14 knots
1045            From 300 deg   16 knots
1957            From 300 deg   19 knots
2029            From 290 deg   19 knots

Topeka, Kansas             7:00 p.m. CDT
Alt in meters   Direction   Speed
600             From 10 deg    6 knots
1046            From 40 deg    6 knots
1549            From 310 deg   8 knots
2055            From 320 deg   19 knots


- page 14 -

MEMO FOR RECORD

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting of 3 July 1969

23 May 1969
1110 Hrs EDT

Called Lt. Col. Mercier
Richards Debaur AFB
(ext. 2669/2102)

1. Col. Mercier stated that he did talk to Mr. [redacted] and that he had submitted his report of the sighting to the 328th Fighter Group. The contents of the report were much the same as in Mr. [redacted] letter. Said that he had expected somewhere between his home and the drive-in theater roughly 3 mi. south of his home. Col. Mercier stated that Mr. [redacted] lived in a fairly heavily populated suburban district but that there was some farm land to the south. He felt that if an object as described by Mr. [redacted] had actually exploded in the area, it would have been seen and heard by many others. No physical evidence was found either the police department or by Col. Mercier, both of whom at least looked at the area where the explosion reportedly took place. Col. Mercier did think that Mr. [redacted] had seen something. He stated that he first felt that Mr. [redacted] may have seen a light plane which was landing at the State Line Airport, a small airport just south of the drive-in theater. However, since the night manager was not at the airport the night of the sighting, there was no way of knowing if a small plane had landed at about the time of the sighting. He also stated that aircraft departing from the Kansas City Municipal Airport often pass over the area.

2. Col. Mercier stated that at the time he submitted his report to the 328th Fighter Group, the group was in the process of deactivating.

3. He also stated that he had recently received a letter from Washington, D.C. requesting that he try to locate the records of the sighting. He was unable to do so and has already submitted his report to this effect to Washington, D.C.

27 May 69
Called Col. Mercier's office again and talked to Sgt Leon. The letter from Washington D.C. was from Ted Blacker of NICAP.

4


- page 15 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
Washington, D.C.

20 May 69
Date

28 May 69
Suspense

PRIORITY
Category

MEMORANDUM FOR: SAFOI C

SUBJECT: UFO

1. The attached correspondence is forwarded for preparation of a proposed reply (double-spaced draft in duplicate). Strict adherence to all provisions of HOI 10-20 is imperative, with particular attention being given to meeting the established suspense date.

2. Please return this memorandum and attachment(s).

3. Remarks:

4. SAFLL Action Officer is Mai Cochran
Extension 57205

[Signature of]
JOHN R. MURPHY
Major General, USAF
Director, Legislative Liaison


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

LARRY WINN, JR.
KANSAS

Congress of the United States
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C. 20315

May 14, 1969

Major General John Murphy
Director, Legislative Liaison
Office of the Secretary of the Air Force
Washington, D.C. 20330

Dear General Murphy:

I would like to take this opportunity to request an official report from the Department of the Air Force with regard to their investigation on a reported sighting of an "unidentified flying object" on the date of July 3, 1967 in the Kansas City Kansas-Missouri area.

One of my constituents, Mr. [redacted] of Leawood, Kansas brought to my attention a report on his observation of this phenomenon and it is my belief, after reading his summary, that there is some substance to this sighting and to the thousands of similar observations which have largely been ignored and laughed at over the years.

I am enclosing the entire file, which has been excellently prepared and is complete and self-explanatory. I would only like to draw attention to the fact that this sighting occurred within one of the largest and most important Air Force bases in the nation - Richards Gebauer. It is quite disturbing to note that Mr. [redacted] received no satisfactory acknowledgement of his report of this observation.

Thank you for any assistance you may offer. As a member of the Science and Astronautics Committee here in the House I am most interested in the UFO issue.

Most sincerely,
LARRY WINN, JR.
Member of Congress

LW:lm
enclosures

6


- page 17 -

Leawood, Kansas
April 17, 1969

Honorable Larry Winn
Congressman
Federal Building
Kansas City, Kansas

Dear Sir:

After spending some time with [redacted] he suggested that I give you copies of the complete reports, letters, etc. pertaining to the sighting of a UFO from our residence in Leawood.

( You will note the complete indifference to this sighting by the )
( Air Force and I am pursuing this in the full belief that the )
( entire subject is of utmost importance - while at the same time )
( conscientious United States citizens have been ridiculed and )
( suffered undue hardships. )

Of most importance, in my opinion, of this particular sighting was the almost certainly possibility of recovering hardware or proof of the existence of these objects. To my knowledge only one other such explosion has been seen and that was in Brazil.

I would appreciate your comments and the opportunity to discuss briefly not only the contents and details of the report but my suggested plan for proper investigation.

Sincerely,

[signature redacted]

7


- page 18 -

PREFACE

The following report was made to the proper authorities of the U.S. Air Force within minutes of the observation of the UFO and its final destruction on July 3, 1967.

Since then this has been discussed with other authorities on the subject, such as Dr. Ed Condon, Col. Mercker, Dr. Allan Hynek. I am hereby publicizing this report to additional persons and groups interested in this phenomenon, because of my sincere hope that the U.S. Government will make an intensive full scale development program towards building similar devices, for if they don't Russia will.

Further, the Air Force's attitude toward U.F.O. reports from conscientious U.S. citizens has resulted in undue hardships and ridicule to these people as well as directly misleading the American people.

I firmly believe we are far closer to the development of these unusual devices than is generally believed, and I have several ideas on this.

The U.F.O. sighted in this report exploded within sight of one of the largest and most important Air Force bases in the U.S.

8


- page 19 -

U. F. O.
July 3, 1967

Briefly, the sighting occurred during a quiet family party on our patio - our excitement attracted others of our household and a neighbor. First, at a bright red orange light bearing about 30 degrees from north - as we watched it we became aware that it was an object -- completely unlike anything we had ever seen. We ran for set of binoculars and my telescope. All had a chance to observe the object through the binoculars, including a neighbor who brought her own binoculars - only the writer saw the object in the telescope-which proved difficult to train on the object due to its limited field.

The sun had set a few minutes before the sighting, and the sky was very bright and perfectly clear. There were no clouds, no stars or comets were visible. (the Air Force included clouds, possible comets in their report.) The conditions were ideal, including the setting sun at our backs.

The object appeared as drawn on the attached sheet - two persons (one the writer) with binoculars were watching the object, as well as the others watching unaided at the time of explosion, which was over an area of farm land, woods, brush and a few houses on the Kansas side of the Missouri-Kansas State line 13-14 miles from the center of Kansas City, Missouri. The explosion occurred on a bearing of about 170 - 175 from our observation point - or almost due south.

The edges and surfaces were sharp and clear - bright metallic in color similar to polished stainless steel - reflections of green tress could be seen on the flat bottom surface - and its wobble in flight (slight roll and pitch combined) was unlike any known aircraft - traveling considerably faster than the wind, the wispy lines of vapor coming to a point above the object added another unusual feature - any other aircraft would leave vapor or smoke trailing. The three very bright red orange lights appeared to be non-directional - a carbon arc that did not have as large nor would there be as much total light. As it wobbled through the air - then the edge nearest us was up occasionally we could see a fainter red orange light on the opposite side - all lights appeared on the trailing edge - or abaft the beam on the port and starboard quarters.

It appeared as a shallow inverted bowl with a flat cover (bottom side) - one observer thought they saw small portholes, others did not. Whether this was hitting the object at the estimated altitude we are not sure.

It is difficult if not impossible to estimate distance, size or speed when all are unknown - if the size were known, speed and distance estimates would be easier. Many small planes fly a similar course in approaching a small airport about four miles south. The diameter appeared to be about fifty feet in any


- page 20 -

