The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically case 10073 from Ventnor, New Jersey in April 1967. The report details the sighting of an unidentified object by multiple witnesses. The report includes information such as the date, location, source, number of objects, type of observation, duration, and physical evidence. The report concludes that the object was "Other (CONFLICTING DATA)" and that the object was seen for 9 minutes, but the observers stated that it did not pass in front of or behind anything and indicated that the object was traveling in a straight course. The report also notes that the object was only visible for 9 seconds and that its motion and clouds did not definitely travel in a straight line.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP April 1967 00152
2. LOCATION VENTNOR, NEW JERSEY (Multiple Witnesses)
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Conflicting
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual
7. COURSE SW to NW
8. PHOTOS XXYES
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE XXNO
10. CONCLUSION - Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS One observer (age 32) says the object for 9 minutes, that the object didn't pass in front of or behind anything and indicated that the object was travelling in a straight course. Observer (age 10) stated that she saw the object for 9 seconds and that it's motion and clouds did not definitely travel in a straight line.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

32. Please list their names and addresses:
VENTNOR NEW JERSEY
VENTNOR NEW JERSEY

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:  FEMALE
ADDRESS: VENTNOR, NEW JERSEY
TELEPHONE NUMBER:  AGE 19 SEX FEMALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I'M 10TH GRADE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? REPORTED WITH APRIL 1967

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a US Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Transcription of the text in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: Tues., 14 Nov., 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

We took the picture after we had already over a day.

We first saw it out on a fire escape. Three stories high beside a school.

The last we saw of it, it was going around a building. 

It traveled on a path like this (drawing of a curve)

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions about a UFO sighting.

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes  No  Don't know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 
b. Color: white and red

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered?
2.4 match heads

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc., and especially show trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Sketch of a dashed horizontal line with arrows pointing left and right]

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force technical information document, likely a questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

OCR text:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name and address will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
15 APRIL 1967
Day  Month  Year

2. Time of day:  4  Hours  18  Minutes
(Circle One): A.M.  or  P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern  b. Central  c. Mountain  d. Pacific  e. Other _____

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
AVE.  VENTNOR  N.J.
Nearest Postal Address                 City or Town             State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
3  Hours  0  Minutes  Seconds
a. Certain   b. Not very sure

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Looked at watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Clear  b. Cloudy  c. NIGHT

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you  b. In back of you  c. Overhead  d. Don't remember

FTC Reg. 10-64   This form supersedes FTD 164.Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One): YES, No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 35 mph.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One): YES, No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1 of a mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside (type)
d. At work
e. At home
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country (flat)? 
d. Near or on a highway?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North, b. East, c. South, d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving?_miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes, No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One) 
a. Eyeglasses
b. Binoculars
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No

e. Camera
f. Telescope
g. Theodolite
h. Other

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a glowing saucer

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a "ORCE UFO FORM" document, which seems to be a questionnaire or form used to collect information about UFO sightings.

ORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

1. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
   8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Don't remember
   8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Full moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight, d. Don't remember

2. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
   CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Overcast, heavy clouds
   WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor, d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Was as bright as 4 car headlights

12. The edge of the object was: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred, b. Like a star, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
    c. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
    d. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
    e. Flash on and off? Yes / No / Don't know
    f. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) of the text in the image:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: VRR MAY 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

There is a photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a project blue book report, containing a schematic diagram and instructions related to UFO sightings.

Transcription of text in the document:

Official U.S. Air Force

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you first saw it. Place on "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place on "C" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion of the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

UFO form continued
Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or do "s and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names:
Ventnor, New Jersey

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Ventnor, NJ [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
4/22/67, Local

- page 10 -

The image contains a photo analysis report from Project Blue Book regarding an unidentified flying object sighted in Ventnor, New Jersey in April 1967. The report does not contain any photographs, but it describes the photography details, including the use of one original 3 x 3 negative and one 8 x 10 enlargement of the contact print. The report also provides an analysis of the negative and the 8 x 10 enlargement, stating that no object was identified in the contents of the negative.

The text in the document is as follows:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 67-71
PAGE 1 OF 1 PA
DATE OF REPORT 30 October

SUBJECT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT 
LOCATION Ventnor, New Jersey
DATE April 1967

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF ONE Origtnal 1 x 3 Negative; One 1 x 3 Contact Print. One 8 x 10 Enlargement of Contact Print; One 8 x 10 Enlargement of Original Negative.

1. PURPOSE: This report is in reply to Work Order 67-121, submitted by Major H. Quintanilla requesting that photo analysis be accomplished on the accompanying contact print and negative to determine what, if any, unidentified object was reported in this photo.

2. ANALYSIS: Examination of the negative, and the 8 x 10 enlargement of same, revealed no object which could be equated to the object credited on a contact print purportedly from the same negative. Possibly dust or some other object came in contact with the negative at time of printing and was imaged on the print.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:
HAROLD D. RUSKO
Intelligence Research Specialist 

APPROVED BY:
WILLIAM A. TURNER
Major, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

WILBER PRICE, Jr.
Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that lists the contents of a case, including "3 NEGATIVES" and "6 PHOTOS 8X10".

THIS CASE INCLUDES:
3 NEGATIVES 
6 PHOTOS 8X10

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS SYSTEMS COMMAND (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO                                   25 MAY 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, April 1967

TO:       Ventnor, New Jersey 08406

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image, only text.

TEST/UFO (Maj Quintanilla/70916/mhs/14 Jun 67)
UFO Observation, April 1967
Ventnor, New Jersey 08406
1. This refers to your recent correspondence in which you mention your unidentified observation in April 1957 and subsequent photographs. Additional information on your sighting and your original negative is requested as per previous correspondence. Request you complete the attached photographic data sheet and return it with your original negative along with our findings.
2. Thank you for your supporting your investigation to the Air Force.
JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems
COORDINATION:
TEST/UFO DATE
TEST DATE

- page 14 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It is a page of text that appears to be a form or document containing photographic data.

PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA
1. Type and make of camera: Kodak Instrmatic 100
2. Type, focal length, and make of lens: Don't know
3. Brand and type of film: Kodak Black & White 126
4. Shutter speed used: 1/25
5. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop: f-/22
6. Filters used: No
7. Was tripod or solid stand used: No
8. Was "panning" used: No 
9. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true North, and its angle with respect to the ground: NW 30°
10. If supplemental information is unobtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, and the smallest and largest "f" stop and shutter speed readings of the camera.

Mr. [redacted]
Ventnor, N.J. 08406

- page 15 -

The image contains a black-and-white photograph that appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. The photograph shows a grid-like structure in the upper portion of the frame, possibly a window or screen. The lower portion of the image is a blurred, grainy landscape or background.

VENTNOR, NEW JERSEY
7 APRIL 1967
CASE NO. 7470494

Report of unidentified flying object sighting near Ventnor, New Jersey on April 7, 1967.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text.

VENTNOR NEW JERSEY
APRIL 7, 1967
CASE 7470494
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT OBSERVATION REPORT

THE OBSERVER WAS [REDACTED] WHO REPORTED SEEING A BRIGHT LIGHT IN THE SKY AT APPROXIMATELY 6:50 P.M. EASTERN STANDARD TIME ON APRIL 7, 1967.

THE OBJECT WAS DESCRIBED AS A BRIGHT LIGHT THAT MOVED ERRATICALLY AND RAPIDLY ACROSS THE SKY. IT WAS OBSERVED FOR APPROXIMATELY 2-3 MINUTES BEFORE DISAPPEARING.

NO OTHER DETAILS WERE PROVIDED.

CONCLUSIONS: INSUFFICIENT DATA TO IDENTIFY THE NATURE OF THE OBSERVED PHENOMENON. MORE INFORMATION NEEDED TO ASSESS THIS UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT REPORT.

- page 17 -

The image contains two photographs. The one on the left appears to be a blurry, overexposed image of some kind of object or phenomenon in the sky. The photograph on the right shows a grid-like pattern, possibly representing a radar screen or other monitoring device.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 18 -

The image contains two photographs. The one on the left appears to be a blurry, grainy image that may depict some kind of aerial phenomenon. The one on the right shows a grid-like pattern, which could potentially be related to some kind of technological or scientific apparatus.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 19 -

This image appears to be a black and white photograph that is part of a document from the Foreign Technology Division of the AFSC (Air Force Systems Command). The photograph shows a grid-like pattern covering the lower portion of the image, with the upper portion appearing blurry and obscured.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 20 -

The image contains a blurred, grainy photograph that appears to depict some kind of structure or grid-like pattern, possibly a fence or a window screen. There is no identifiable human face present in the image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 21 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image. 

The text in the document reads as follows:

DEPT (UFO) Maj H Quintanilla/70916/ane/16 Mar 68
UFO Observation & Photographs, April 1967

Reference your unidentified flying object (UFO) observation and subsequent photographs of April 1967.

1. Examination of the negative revealed no object which could be considered by any interpretation as a spacecraft, a spacecraft of some other object.

2. Enclosed is your original print, your original negative, and other photographic material related to the incident. These materials are returned to the Air Force.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Foreign Technology Division
Foreign Technology Division
Photographic Production Directorate

- page 22 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDDET/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, April, 1967

TO: Ventnor, New Jersey 08406

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Branch (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on April 1967, would you complete the attached UFD Form 164 and return it in the self-addressed envelope. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please make a statement to this effect on the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
PTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 23 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from what appears to be a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document is a questionnaire that the U.S. Air Force used to collect information about UFO sightings.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 11th April 1967
2. Time of day: 10:30 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): C. Eastern 
   (Circle One): C. Daylight Saving
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   Nearest Postal Address      City or Town      State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   9 Hours 0 Minutes 0 Seconds
   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain
   c. Not very sure
   d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY NIGHT
   a. Clear a. Clear
   b. Cloudy b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): d. To your left

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and multiple-choice options for the observer to fill out.

The text in the document is as follows:

3. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same 
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: I CAN'T_ I CAN'T_ I CAN'T_ 

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Had lights or stars
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes (No) Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or reverse course? Yes (No) Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes (No) Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes (No) Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes (No) Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes (No) Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes (No) Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes (No) Don't know

- page 25 -

The image appears to contain a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular image, but rather a detailed description and illustration of a reported UFO sighting.

The text found in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? NC.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: A Cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: A Cloud.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: THERE WAS NO SOUND
b. Color: LIKE A FIRE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this examination at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? I M NOT SURE

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A sketch is provided showing an oval-shaped object with a red/orange "vapor trail".]

- page 26 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with various questions and responses related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

Transcribed text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes NO C. Estimate Speed: IT WAS aRUNP 3 MINUTES

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes NO
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor?
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________________________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? 
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _____________________________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No) e. Binoculars Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) f. Telescope Yes (No)
c. Windshield Yes (No) g. Theodolite Yes (No)
d. Window glass Yes (No) h. Other _____________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
A Bright Oval Like This

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, featuring a sketch and instructions for the viewer.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" for the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 28 -

