Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
July 67     Varied

2. LOCATION
Plainfield, Indiana

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Unknown

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
SW - NE

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
The report was not received until Jan 68.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer was watching baseball game when he noticed so object that he described as a flying saucer over the press box. The object quickly disappeared into the clouds.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Rec at TDETI/UFO in Jan 67

At 9:00 P.M. central daylight time, on July 2, 1967 I was watching
a baseball game at the Seining Stadium by St. Paul, Minnesota.
There was a cloudy-partly cloudy day, with scattered with
alto-cumulus. I was then thinking of how I had read that
bright lights, like those there, could produce images in the eye.
I was just sitting there, and was watching the game, wondering
partly I looked back & saw a bright red spot, now again part
of the field. Excited by my thinking of UFOs, I watched up and found same
looking as a flying saucer over to the west, west the ball park,
watching it fly SW to NE about like the speed of
a prop plane and that height. It passed over the lights (Chicago at
a constant speed, not moving quick my eye) and later over the
low cloud. I just barely went over the cloud and was obscured
to me for its journey across the cloud, about 3 sec. It came out and
the clouds very fast, disappearing into the heavens. I was so
absorbed I didn't call my wife's attention but, and when I
the other didn't believe it, but my mother did, guess she doesn't
doubt my story and believes in UFOs, like me.
It was bright metallic in color.
and was not with any image of
the field lights, since I have to be
this.
If it was a balloon, but hardly.
a balloon, but steady.
statement cannot be
at see. (Plainfield Ind.)
It was moving against
direction, moved over a
with ground, laterally
while moving
at times, data received from
wife, who will substantiate
type, lights, colors, etc.
There was no sound.
the movement & cloud
bright & stationary
bright was which was
movement against
movement, etc., etc.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

J 10 (796) (REV)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB
OHIO
45433

Dear Sir, Project Blue Book

The last time I wrote to you I mentioned a couple of sightings.
I must add details to one, as I cannot at the moment recall the whole story.
I am a loyal member (now) of APRO, and it has much better investigation
                                                                two
Subject and Witness: [Redacted black bar]

He says "I was about the altitude of the tower a km my
wife and I were at the crossroads about a quarter of a mile
away. Suddenly at that by means of Flanders how
at the same night. Suddenly was understand stood like
a stone to him, I was not (word unclear) point of the county road in this
vicinity. Glowed... few stars... more or less confused... this
"It looked like aluminum or if a flood light was on turned on 10:13 pm
The apparent source was north of Elm winter farm shaped past the
main body of the UFO (& the date, the investigator missed it)
It traveled north... no noise.

Illuminated
                [small sketch]
        origin body
        aluminum-cloned

Mr. McBern in retired lawyer who came to America from Norway
He resided in this area during this when younger. He is well-educated
with... [rest of text appears partially illegible]

Reply, please—                                        Sincerely, Sig Doctor
                                                        75 weather report


- page 3 -

