PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
7 Mar 67         07/23552

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10-15 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Not Reported

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
☒ No

2. LOCATION
Morgantown, West Virginia (Multiple)

10. CONCLUSION
BALLOON (Hot Air)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Resident in the area of the object observed the orange color UFO. A FAA observer said that student in the area was releasing hot air balloon. One of them came down in a residential area and recovered by the local police department.

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Balloon (Hot Air)
See NOTES...

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
7   Mar   67
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 2385 2
            Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Morgantown    West Virginia
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                Hours   Minutes   10-15 Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
                    d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?   g   watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick + heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Reverse, stop, or zigzag?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
yes, just disappeared

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color Orange

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and not how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? no

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.


- page 4 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   slow

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   amb[iguous]

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?   on the field
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank] miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?   NO
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other   Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. [blank]


- page 5 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
    "No"

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:   othersawit
    Arthur Lindly
    Patrolman Jim town

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS   Flight Service Station   Box 958   Morgantown   W.Va
TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE             SEX   M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
FAA watcher

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   FAA supervisor


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   7   Mar   67
                                            Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Note

A supplemental call was received from the FAA flight service at Morgantown, W.Va. at 2150 hrs. The object (camp) was sighted again by 6 persons in the tower, at 2142 hrs. Also the policeman who saw it earlier was an off-duty Lt. and his wife + neighbor also saw it. Object seen second time moved west to east (as seen from tower). Caller was a Mr. [redacted]

Note 2320 hrs 7 Mar 67
Received supplemental call from Morgantown F-AA service center, many, many sightings of object. Two persons were sighted, and then disappeared. There is a report of a very low altitude flight while an object was noted on top which looked like an elongated balloon.

Note - 0320 hrs 8 Mar
Received call from tower again, object may be false.


- page 8 -

Memo for the Record:   6 April 67

Contact was made with Mr. [redacted] FAA service station (292-3632), Morgantown, West Virginia. LP. said that students were releasing hot air balloons on the night of the numerous sightings.

Lower received many calls from local persons regarding orange colored objects in the sky. Two objects flew over the airport.

It was determined that the alleged UFOs were not air balloons. One of the balloons came down in a residential area and was recovered by the local police department.


- page 9 -

