The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a project that investigated UFO sightings in the United States. The document provides details about a specific UFO sighting, including the date, location, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, and a brief summary and analysis of the incident.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE: TIME GROUP - 12 FEB 67 16/0102
2. LOCATION - Los Angeles, California
3. SOURCE - Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS - One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION - 1-2 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION - Ground to air
7. COURSE - East
8. PHOTOS - No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE - No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched a bright white colored object slowly descend toward the ground. The object was much brighter than the surrounding sky. Based on the description, it is thought that the object was a comet but the descend rate was too slow. A witness still visible behind the descending object.

CONTACT WITH SPADA(S) REVEALED THAT THERE WAS A TELETYPE DISPATCH ON 6/16/67 FM 67. THIS PERTAINS TO THE CASE.

- page 1 -

The image does not appear to contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document describes the sighting of an unidentified flying object with three distinct orange-colored trails turning blue in color on final burnout. The document provides details about the position, altitude, and bearing of the object.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AP IN : 16046 (16Feb 67)  Pg 20r2

4 WHIIG CONWES TAREA COGARD
RUHLKSF P AC AF HICKAM  
RUHPD C OMAS GRF AC
ZEN 1562983-00-+
9 1604422Z FEB 67  
FH USN SHEARWATER
TO RUNMP R C OWES TEAFR ON NAVY SFRAN
BT
UNCLAS
1. AT 1415Z SIGHTED UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT WITH THREE DISTINCT  
ORANGE TRAILECS TURNING BLUE IN COLOR ON FINAL BURNOUT
2. POSITION GF SIGHT 31-28N 139-32W  
3. FIRST SIGHTED ABOUT 48 DEG ABOVE HORIZON ESTIMATED BEARING 229  
DEG BURNOUT APPEARED ABOUT 22 DEG ABOVE HORIZON BEARING 175 DEG FROM  
VESSELL
4. VESSELL BEARING 899 DEG SPD 10 KS SEA MODERATE-ROUGH VUARDING  
LOG BEACH GRAD O ON 2670 KCS
BT
NNNN

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a report from Project Blue Book, with text describing an object number 2672 observed at approximately 02:46 AM on 16 February 1967. The text mentions that the location of impact was approximately 34.44N 118.28W, and this was the decay that was observed by nearby persons along the west coast.

The text is as follows:

MEMO for the Record: 20 Feb 67
Contact with SPADATS revealed that object number 2672 decayed at approximately 0246Z 16 Feb 67. The location of impact was approximately 34.44N 118.28W. This was the decay that was observed by nearby persons along the west coast.

- page 3 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, which contains a form with questions related to a reported UFO sighting.

Text Output:

Force UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. At home
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. At place of business (type) _____
e. Other ______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Near a road or highway?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ______________

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you traveling? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop or slow down to view the object? Yes No

25. Did you share the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Binoculars Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Window glass Yes No
f. Other ____________________

26. If there is anything else you can give as clue as to what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or article, that when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 4 -

The image appears to be a form titled "FORCE UFO FORM" with various questions and options for respondents to fill out. There is no photograph contained within this particular page.

Transcribing the text from the form:

FORCE UFO FORM 
Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Stars/Circle One:
1. Brighter than usual
2. Dimmer than usual 
3. No change
4. Don't remember

b. Moon (Circle One):
1. Bright moonlight
2. Dim moonlight
3. No moonlight 
4. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. CLOUDS:
1. Clear
2. Partly cloudy
3. Overcast
4. Scattered, thin clouds
5. Heavy, dark clouds
b. WEATHER: (Circle One)
1. Calm
2. Moderate or light rain
3. Heavy rain or storm
4. Fog
5. Haze

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same brightness

12. The shape of the object was: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Clearly outlined
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Remain in the same position and still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Change direction? Yes No Don't know
c. Change speed or altitude? Yes No Don't know 
d. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
e. Give off sparks or flames? Yes No Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Unusual sound observed? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book, which was a program that investigated reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FOR" and contains a questionnaire for reporting UFO sightings.

Transcription of text in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. We request that you fill out this form completely and return it to us. We cannot discuss cases, make comparisons, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 15 March 1957
2. Time of day: 8:01 (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Seen: (Circle One) a. Instant b. Seconds c. Minutes d. Other: 5 minutes
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Van Nuys, California
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours: 5 Minutes: 2 Seconds: 0
5.1 How very sure are you of the time? (Circle One) Exactly Sure, Pretty Sure, Just a Guess
5.2 Was the object in continuous sight? No
6. What was the condition of the sky? 
a. Clear, b. Hazy, c. Partly Cloudy, d. Overcast 
FLIGHT CHARACTERISTICS
a. Stationary b. Moving
c. Straight d. Zigzag
e. Evaluation: Slow, Moderate, Fast
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In back of you b. To your left c. In front of you d. To your right
8. How did the object(s) disappear from sight?
a. Suddenly b. Gradually

FTD GCAS 164 This form supersedes FTD 101, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an official U.S. Air Force UFO reporting form.

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something or at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes

17. Tell in 3 or 4 words the following things about the object:
a. Speed -
b. Color -
c. Size -

18. We wish to know the apparent size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the match it covers. If you had performed this experiment, give the results.

19. Draw a picture that will show the position of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you remember. Such things as changes in shape or brightness, trails, etc. that you observed and carefully noted.

20. Do you think you can identify the object? If so, please explain.
21. If you are willing YES
22. Where were you when you first saw the object? 
a. In flight
b. In a car
c. At home
d. At work (office)
e. Other

23. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Mostly clear
b. Partly cloudy
c. Overcast
d. Raining or snowing

24. If the object was moving, what was its motion?
24.1 Straight
24.2 Hovering 
24.3 Erratic (Zigzag)
24.4 Other (describe)

25. Did you observe the object through binoculars, a telescope, or other optical aid?
a. Binoculars
b. Telescope
c. Camera
d. Windshield
e. Naked eye

26. In order that your case may be properly solved, when did this occur?

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be an official U.S. Air Force UFO form with text on it.

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form
34. Date you completed this questionaire: __________ 2 ____________ 67 __________
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionaire: I was travelling west on Van Oven street in Van Nuys, Calif., when I noted an object which seemed to be quite unusual. It was first seen moving upward at a fast rate of speed. It then appeared to hesitate and move in a horizontal direction and then disappear downward as if it had gone into the ocean. The object appeared to be approximately 500-800 meters distant and at an elevation of possibly about 500-800 feet. Its size would have been approximately that of a small automobile, perhaps smaller. Its color was not observed, as it appeared to be silhouetted against the sky, and did not reflect sunlight. There was no sound audible. I, in fact, did not actually see a takeoff or landing, but only the horizontal movement. There is no known object I am aware of that would have moved in the same manner as this object did. I would have said it was a helicopter, but there was absolutely no sound, and the motion was sharply horizontal and then disappearance downward, which is not the normal flight path of a helicopter.

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page contains a grid diagram with instructions for observers to sketch their sightings, as well as a circular diagram that seems to be a reference for UFO sightings.

OCR text output:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO Report

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Please try to make your sketch as accurate as possible.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

30. Have you ever
31.1 If you
31.2 If you

32. Please give your:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE

33. When

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an official report form related to a UFO sighting or observation.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If yes, give date and location.
5-7-56, Junly 1956 in Van Nuys, California. i quickly revolving object hovered and then rapidly nearly vanished.

31. If you answered yes, did they observe the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

31.2 Please list the names and addresses of any other observers of this object.
Public section GOLF is the San fernando Valley reported seeing this object.

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
Name: Edgold 
Address: Redacted
City: Van Nuys
Zone: Redacted
Telephone Number: Redacted
Age: 36
Sex: Male

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
15 Day, 2 Month, 57 Year

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

ETR ALCS CAM

15 FEB 67 09Z

The text on the page appears to be handwritten and discusses an unidentified aerial phenomenon. No further details about the contents of the document can be provided without identifying any individuals.

- page 11 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old U.S. Air Force technical information document, likely related to a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about any unidentified flying object you may have seen. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
Hour Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 
Hours Minutes Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Day b. Night
c. Bright d. Hazy e. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Partly cloudy
c. Scattered - cirrus
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Hazy - indistinct
c. Fuzzy
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
_____________________________________________________

12. The edge of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Clear and sharply defined
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only text on a page of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what 

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size, held a match stick or arm's length in line with the known object and see how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had made this experiment at the time, about how much of the object would have been covered by the head of the match?

19. Draw a sketch that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projections, etc. and especially trail or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 14 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report or document containing a questionnaire or form.

Text extracted from the image:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No 
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 15 -

The image contains a diagram with a compass and instructions for describing the movement and direction of an observed object or objects. There is no photograph present in this image.

27. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the survey line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same survey line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A' on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in this document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or date and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

33. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE
SEX
(indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day
Month
Year

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old document, specifically a questionnaire or report related to Project Blue Book, with a blank space for the respondent to provide information.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: ___ Day ___ Month ___ Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
[Blank space for respondent to write]

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, specifically an UNCLASSIFIED document from the Department of the Air Force.

AP IN: 16046 (16FEB67) O/RC 
INFOS: RDC-4, DIA-1, XOPF-1, XOPX-2, SAROS-3, NNN-7 (19)
SMB AI 29 CZC BWC 37 
OTTU JAW RUMMDAS69 8476555-UUUU--RUEDRIGA
ZNR UUUUU
O 160644Z FEB 67
FM CG WESTSEAFRON
TO RUMFWX WESTERN NORAD REGION
INFO RUCJDYONOG
RUWONLC GNINGRAD 
RUGSAAG CNICNOR 
RUHLHC CJNOB ACILT
RUEDHO CCSAF
RUEDGY G USAF WASHDC
RCCS'C ANA'RDEF MONTREAL
RCPW' C ANC M ARPAC
RUN 3UBECT LI. THREE ONE PT FOUR
RUNHELICTG THREE ONE PT FIVE
RURNFTTC LI. THREE ONE PT SIX
RUJJJIX Lr AMSSISTFIT
RUJJIEN C OKELLEY
RUVMMEN 15 9523713

AFHO 757 G-3O9C

- page 19 -

