PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 28 May 67 1/5007

2. LOCATION: Emmett, Idaho
(Handwritten note: Copy for Hynek, 2 witnesses)

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: N/A

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual

7. COURSE: N/A

8. PHOTOS: X No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [] Yes [X] No

10. CONCLUSION: Other (hoax)
Individuals finally admitted that they made the story up. Photographs were given to them.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Report was initiated by a letter from the Office of the Prosecuting Attorney, Emmett, Idaho, to Senator of the US. In the letter it was requested that the AF perform an investigation. In this letter it was stated that if the boys aren't telling the truth they should be awarded the oscar for the best actors of the century. Sighting was investigated by individuals from Mountain Home AFB. On 14 July the attorney called to report that the boys acknowledged their story was not true, and the photographs had been given to them.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-325 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

SAF-LL
ATTN: LT COL BARTA

SAFOICC Major Rademacher/79079

Reference is made to previous correspondence from Senator Jordan who inquired in behalf of Mr. L. Gorman of Emmett, Idaho, about UFOs. We furnished your office an interim reply on 10 July.

Attached is proposed reply to Senator Jordan which provides additional information.

24 July 57
75117


- page 2 -

July 20, 1967

AIR MAIL
Hon. Len B. Jordan
Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C.

Dear Senator Jordan:

Thank you very much for your interest in the so-called UFO, sighted by the two boys. I immediately received information and concern from the United States Air Force and their investigating staff, and particularly, William C. Calyer, Major, United States Air Force, Mountain Home, Idaho.

In the meantime, I continued the investigation of our office and finally determined that the boys were not telling the truth. The boys were very clever liars, and there are still several facts of the presentation which are difficult to explain, but I have reached the conclusion that there would be no purpose in continuing an official investigation. I am convinced that it was a hoax, and that the boys should receive the "academy awards," as I previously suggested. They are fine actors. When I was continuing our investigation, one of the sisters, who is about 9 or 10 years old, made a play, and stated that one brother had bought that picture from one of his boyfriends. This other boy's name was [redacted]. Major Calyer confirmed to this office that they had reported this picture on previous occasions. When the local boy was presented with this statement of his sister, he broke and informed that he did not tell the pictures, as was originally reported, and that he had not told the truth to me or other local investigators.

In summary, I consider the inquiry and report closed, and again, I appreciate your interest in the report. I am sorry that I cannot give you more information, but, as you know, I am completely secured. This doesn't happen very often, but it certainly did here.

Personal regards,

Very Truly yours,
L. Gorove

IG/war


- page 3 -

SAF-LL
Lt Colonel Barta

1. Attached is proposed reply to Senator Jordan
who inquired in behalf of Mr. L. Gorrono of Emmett,
Idaho, about UFOs.

2. Project Officer is Major John Rademacher,
SAF-OIOG, extension 79079.

10 Jul 67
75117

[The bottom of the document contains a partially filled out coordination form with some illegible handwritten notes]


- page 4 -

SAF-OICG/MAJ Rademacher/op/79079/10 Jul 67

DRAFT

Dear Senator Jordan:

This will reply to your letter to Secretary McNamara in behalf of Mr. L. Corrono, concerning an unidentified Flying Object (UFO) sighting in Boise, Idaho, on May 23, 1967.

This matter will be referred to the Air Force Project Blue Book staff at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio for investigation.

As soon as the sighting has been investigated and findings compiled I will be happy to forward the results to you.

Sincerely,


- page 5 -

SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ROUTING SLIP

Routing Slip Sections:
TO (Left Column):
- Secretary of Defense
- Deputy Secretary of Defense
- The Special Assistant
- Secretary of the Army
- Secretary of the Navy
- Secretary of the Air Force
- Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff
- Director, Defense Research and Eng
- Assistant Secretary of Defense (A)
- Assistant Secretary of Defense (Comp)
- Assistant Secretary of Defense (I&L)
- Assistant Secretary of Defense (R&E)

TO (Right Column):
- Assistant Secretary of Defense (SA)
- Assistant Secretary of Defense (PA)
- Assistant Secretary of Defense (SA)
- General Counsel
- Asst to the Secretary of Defense (AE)
- Asst to the Secretary of Defense (I.A)
- Asst to the Secretary of Defense
- Dir. of Contract Audit Agency
- Dir. Defense Supply Agency
- Dir. of Atomic Support Agency
- Dir. Defense Communications Agency, National Communications System
- Dir. Defense Intelligence Agency

Action Section:
- Preparation of Reply for Secretary of Defense
- Preparation of Reply for Deputy Secretary of Defense
- Prepare and forward copy of reply to Secretary of Defense files

Text at bottom of document:
"The attached correspondence requires special handling in accordance with instructions contained in memorandum from the Secretary of Defense dated 8 June 1967 subject 'Congressional Correspondence'."

Routing Details:
- Action Due Date: JUL 18 1967
- Routing Date: JUL 6 1967
- OSS Control Number: 11679

Marked as "CONGRESSIONAL" document


- page 6 -

United States Senate
COMMITTEE ON
INTERIOR AND INSULAR AFFAIRS

July 5, 1967

Honorable Robert S. McNamara
Secretary
Department of Defense
Washington, D. C.

Dear Mr. Secretary:

Attached is a copy of a letter I have received from Mr. L. Gorrono of Emmett, Idaho, a highly respected member of the community concerning an unidentified flying object.

I shall appreciate your advice and comments concerning the problems presented by this incident.

With best wishes, I am

Sincerely,
[Signature of Len B. Jordan]
Len B. Jordan
United States Senator

Enclosures

11679


- page 7 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 6TH TACTICAL RECONNAISSANCE WING (TAC)
MOUNTAIN HOME AIR FORCE BASE, IDAHO 83648

DOI

SUBJECT: UFO Investigation

TO: TTIC (TDDT-UFO)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

27 July 1967

1. Reference my letter, same subject, 18 July 1967.

2. Enclosed find the newspaper article with photograph. This is not the same photograph that was submitted with our report of 10 March 1967.

3. Enclosed also is a copy of Mr. Gorono's letter to Senator Jordan. A copy of this letter has been furnished to Lt.Col. Barnett Young at USAF (SAFOI).

FOR THE COMMANDER

WILLIAM C. SALZER, MAJOR, USAF
UFO Reporting Officer

2 Atch
1. News Clipping-22 Jun 67
2. Letter-20 Jul 67


- page 8 -

L. GORRONO
ATTORNEY AT LAW
108 NORTH HAYES
EMMETT, IDAHO 83617

Maj. Salgon
Mt. Home, Idaho
Custom 21-554-4590
X-2492


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

PAGE FOUR

Emmett Boys Take Flight
In Fear of Flying Saucer

Two Emmett boys are certain beyond doubt that they beheld a genuine flying saucer in the foothills north of Boise, complete with a little man with very broad shoulders and large head.

Their photographic proof with a small "Swinger" Polaroid camera from a distance they estimated at 200 yards is not very clear on details, but when viewed with a magnifying glass, it shows something not recognizable as a terrestrial object.

Carl Hess, 15, and Harry Hess, 13, are sure it was a flying saucer they saw about 10 to 11 a.m. on Sunday, May 28, near where they had camped overnight in the hills above Hillside near Boise.

An Overnight Hike
They had set out in the morning to see how far they could hike toward the timber. When they topped a low ridge, the object was in a small valley in front of them. They estimated the distance at 200 yards.

When Carl and Harry began to tell their thing was not a lecture, they became terrified.

The top of the saucer, which they believed looked like a flat umbrella, was a light blue color. The under side was in shadow but appeared to be silver in color. Out near the outer rim stood the little man, and he reached down and appeared to pick up some dirt which he rubbed through his hands.

They slipped back over the crest of the ridge and ran all the way to their camp pick up their things in a frenzy and hurry to get back home.

Some other boys near their mother's home near Emmett told what they had seen. She didn't believe them, the boys said.

Find Impressions
Two hours after first seeing the saucer, they returned to the place and found the saucer gone. There were some indications in the ground about 1 to 2 inches deep and a foot in diameter where they believed the saucer had rested.

Where the little man had stood, a clump of chest grass had been freshly pulled from the ground and discarded.

At no time did the boys see any sound or hear the air or hear anything.

Thinks Space Ship
Carl Hess, being the older, took the lead in theorizing about the strange object they saw. He believed firmly the object was a space ship capable of interplanetary

Boise foothills would be of little interest.

He said they had not previously told of seeing the saucer, except to their parents and a few friends, because they were so frightened, and people did not expect people to believe them.

The boys' father, Carl Hess, Sr., lives at Emmett.

[Accompanying image caption]
FLYING SAUCER? Two Emmett boys are convinced that this picture, greatly enlarged from a tiny Polaroid photo, shows a genuine space vehicle and its pilot.


- page 10 -

MESSENGER-INDEX, EMMETT, IDAHO                                 THURSDAY, JUNE 22, 1967

[Partial headline visible]
ke Flight
ng Saucer

[Partial text visible]
Boise foothills would be of
its north
y broad.

[Partial text visible]
viously told of seeing the
center, except to their parents
and a few friends, because
they were so frightened, and
because their did not expect
people to believe them.

The boys' father, Carl Hess,
lives at Emmett.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

L. GORMOND
COUNTY OF GEM, STATE OF IDAHO
OFFICE OF THE PROSECUTING ATTORNEY
EMMETT, IDAHO
62897

July 30, 1967

The Honorable Len B. Jordan
Senate Office Building
Washington, D. C.

Dear Senator Jordan:

Enclosed herein is a copy of an article in the local newspaper. I had always scoffed and laughed at reports of "flying saucers" and like unidentified flying objects. In this respect, I have been a true agnostic and though that the sightings were fantastic and hallucinations of people who are inclined to see such objects, but I have had occasion to investigate the particular report mentioned in this article.

I have interrogated the two boys, jointly and separately. I don't think that I am exactly a novice at investigation and interrogation, and this boys appear to be telling the truth.

The present conclusion is that they saw the object which we see in the picture, and that they took the picture shown. I have checked with members of the family, friends of the boys, and others that might have information that we don't have, but in each case, each of those persons who would have the confidence of these boys, state that they believe the picture and report. I and several others, including a representative of the newspaper, were taken by the boys to the site where the reported object was allegedly seen. There is a striking correlation between the picture and the site which was shown to us.

It is my opinion that this matter should be officially investigated by competent investigators who have the time to check out all the details and to make technical examination of the photographs, grounds, and other matters relating to this particular report. Justice of the Peace A. O. Perry and I interviewed the boys again and our conclusion can be summarized by the statement of Judge Perry: "If those two boys aren't telling the truth, they should be awarded the oscar for the best actors of the century." I realize that there are many of these reports and the Air Force and people like you and me don't have time to be running around, "Wild goose chasing", but the circumstances connected with these boys' particular report, the attitude and report of these boys, have caused me to send this letter.


- page 12 -

The Honorable Len B. Jordan
June 30, 1967
Page 2

There are many of us who feel that the public is entitled to have information concerning unidentified flying objects. It is also my opinion that our representatives in Congress should have official information, if any, pertaining to this matter. There are too many sightings and reports emanating from reliable sources, to be ignored. I have never seen one and don't expect to ever see one, and as I stated previously, I have always longed about these matters, but the circumstances and contents of these two boys are too impressive to be ignored.

As you probably know, I am a Lieutenant Colonel in the Air Force Reserve; Justice Perry is a Major in the Air Force Reserve. We are both impressed with the enclosed report, two airman in our Air Force Reserve flight have also been present when we questioned these boys. All of us reached the conclusion that their report was authentic, or at least appeared to be authentic. The reporter who accompanied the boys on an examination of the reported sighting site, took some pictures from the area where the boys claim they took the picture shown in the newspaper article. Since these pictures have not been developed, we have not had an opportunity to compare the terrain, angles, etc. These matters will be checked, but if you and the Air Force are interested, we believe that there should be more people than us checking this report.

I never dreamed that I would be writing a letter of this nature to you, but due to our personal acquaintance over the years, I know that you would conclude that I was impressed with this sort of report. Personal regards,

Very truly yours,

IG/dew
Enc 1

P.S. I might state that the original photograph, under magnification, shows some structural detail, but I presume it would mean much more to a trained photo interpreter.


- page 13 -

TDET/UFO                                                26 July 1967

UFO Investigation

Commander
Th 57th Tactical Reconnaissance Wing
Mountain Home AFB, Idaho 83648

1. I wish to commend, Major William C. Salyer, for his quick response in investigating the Hess UFO Hoax.

2. Major Salyer's investigation of the case enabled the project office to respond to Senator Jordan's query in a positive and expeditious manner.

FOR THE COMMANDER

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch


- page 14 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS TACTICAL AIR RECONNAISSANCE WING (TAC)
MOUNTAIN HOME AIR FORCE BASE, IDAHO 83648

DOI
UFO Investigation

FID (TECH-UFO)
WPAFB-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. On 12 and 13 July 1967, Major Quintanilla of your office called this office and requested we investigate an alleged UFO sighting which had been brought to the attention of a U.S. Senator by a letter from Mr. L. Gorrone, Prosecuting Attorney in Emmett, Idaho.

2. On 13 July we called Mr. [redacted] and obtained his version of the incident. Two brothers, [redacted], aged 15 and 13, reported to acquaintances that on 28 May 1967 they had seen what looked like a flying saucer resting on a mountain side in the Bogue Basin ski area near Boise. They claimed that they photographed it twice with a borrowed camera, a Polaroid Swinger. Mr. Gorrone and a newspaper photographer from the Emmett Messenger-Index accompanied the boys to the Bogue Basin, where they pointed out the location of the alleged sighting. Their story, with photographs, was published by the newspaper, and Mr. Gorrone wrote to the Senator suggesting that an Air Force investigation was warranted.

3. Mr. Gorrone agreed to arrange for us to interview the boys and to visit the location on 17 July. But on 14 July, he called and stated that the boys acknowledged their story was not true, that the photograph that they showed had been given them by the boy who they said had loaned the camera. Therefore we cancelled preparations to go to Emmett.

4. The person named as having supplied the photograph is [redacted], age 14, whose report of a UFO sighting, with photograph, was forwarded to your office on 10 March 1967. The evidence that he contributed to a false report probably should be considered in evaluation of the earlier report. We have not determined whether the photograph in the present case is the same as the one submitted in March, but we expect to determine this when the newspaper article is available.

5. We have asked Mr. Gorrone to obtain a copy of the newspaper article. For us, we are also suggesting that he write again to the Senator and inform him that the report of a UFO sighting was false.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WILLIAM C. SALTER, MAJOR, USAF
UFO Reporting Officer


- page 15 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD                                                   13 July 1967

Subject:   UFO Sighting, Boise, Idaho, 28 May 67

On 12 July 1967 TDET/UFO office received a Congressional from
SAFUFO regarding a UFO sighting, 28 May 1967, Boise, Idaho.
Immediately upon reading the information supplied, Major Quintanilla
called Mountain Home AFB, Idaho at 1420 hours. He spoke with the
Public Information Office first. They keep newclippings on UFO
reports, however they had not even heard of this report. Major
Quintanilla then spoke with the Command Post. They had not received
any reports for 28,29,30 or 31 May 1967. They in turn give their
information to the Base UFO Investigator Major Salyer or Msgt Van
Pelt. Major Quintanilla requested that the Sergeant at the Command
post contact Major Salyer regarding this sighting and have him call
TDET/UFO. Major Salyer called Major Quintanilla and informed him
that they did not have this report. Major Quintanilla said he didn't
think they would have it because it was just in the newspaper, however,
we have a congressional on it and he may be required to investigate
it. Major Salyer said he would do nothing onthe sighting until
he heard from Major Quintanilla's office. Major Salyer's extension
is 8-9-2.


- page 16 -

On 13 July 1967 at 1040 hours, Major Quintanilla spoke with Major William C. Salyor regarding the UFO sighting of 28 May 1967 which they had discussed previously on 12 July 1967. Major Quintanilla informed Major Salyor that he was going to have to investigate the sighting. The sighting occurred at Emmett, Idaho. L. Corrono, Prosecuting Attorney's Office, sent a letter to Senator Jordon.

Also involved is Justice of the Peace, A. O. Perry. The witnesses were [redacted], age 15 and his brother [redacted], age 13. Major Quintanilla asked Major Salyor to go out and talk with the Justice of Mr Corrono and get their version of the story. Then contact the boys. Major told him that the photographs were taken with a Polaroid Swinger. He should get a measuring tape and a base photographer. Base Photographer should take some good pictures with his cameras and then try to borrow the boys' Swinger and take pictures with it. Major Quintanilla informed Maj Salyor that we had a suspense of 21 Jul on this and that he should get on the case and tell the heads there at Mountain Home about the problem.

We will try to keep the Congressional pressure from reaching them.

If he needs any assistance please call Major Quintanilla.

Major Salyor may be reached by dialing autovan 584-1590 ext. 2492


- page 17 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD                                      17 July 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting, 28 May 1967

Major Salyor spoke with Mrs. [redacted] regarding his findings on the investigation of the 28 May 67 sighting by two boys. Major Salyor had first spoken with Mr Gorrono, the attorney, regarding the boys sighting. Mr. Gorrono contacted the two boys who supposedly observed the object, and talked with them. The boys had not told the truth. They informed Mr. Gorrono that a friend had given them the photograph and they thought it was a good chance to tell a story and see if anybody would come out and investigate the sighting. Major Salyor said he would write us a letter today informing us that the whole story had been made up. Major Salyor also said that he was writing a letter to the attorney, Mr Gorrono, and suggest that he write a letter to his Senator explaining what had happened. I informed Major Salyor that if Major Quintanilla had any questions on the sighting he would call him.


- page 18 -

Lt Col Young/SAFOTCC/14s/7907/24 July 61

PROPOSED REPLY TO SENATOR JORDAN

Dear Senator Jordan:

The attached copy of a letter to you from Mr. L. Gorono is reference to the alleged UFO photograph taken by two Emmett, Idaho boys indicates that the photo and story are hoaxes.

The Air Force receives hundreds of such reports each year, and many are obviously hoaxes. In the present case, the boys are apparently extremely clever to have hoodwinked the Prosecuting Attorney. It is fortunate that the boys admitted the hoax before additional time and money were expended on the investigation. I hope this information answers any question you may have about the matter.

Sincerely,

SAF-OIG                                                 SAF-OIG

[Bottom of page has additional notation: "Logged by - SAF-OIG, Coord by - SAF-OIG, Routing by - SAF-OIG, Action by - SAF-OIG, Chron"]


- page 19 -

