The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, which is a record of a UFO sighting.

Project 10073 Record
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 13 Mar 67 3/0002
2. LOCATION: Green, Kentucky
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Several Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: West
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION. "ADDRESS UNKNOWN"
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Witness observed a star-like object coming from the North-East sky. The object traveled slowly toward the West. One hovered for several minutes, before disappearing. As the plane got close to the object the light went out and never reappeared again.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or form with various questions related to sighting a UFO or similar object.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes/No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes/No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Blank]
ADDRESS [Blank]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Blank]
AGE [Blank]
SEX [Blank]
indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day [Blank]
Month [Blank]
Year [Blank]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs or illustrations. It appears to be a page from a document with a questionnaire or form, with the heading "34. Date you completed this questionnaire:" and a section for the person to fill out the date. The lower section has the text "35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting."

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:

Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 3 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs or images, it is a page from an old Project Blue Book document. Based on the text in the document, it appears to be a response from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation reported on March 13, 1967 in Green, Kentucky. The document states that the information provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation, and requests the observer to complete and return the attached form. The document is signed by James C. Manatt, Colonel, USAF, Director of Technology and Subsystems.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

ATTN OF: TDST/UFO                     17 March 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 13 March 1967

TO: Mrs. XXXXX XXXXX
Greenup, Kentucky 41144

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 156 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 156 w/envelope

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a letter dated March 17, 1967 regarding a UFO observation on March 13, 1967 in Greenup, Kentucky.

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDDT/UFO                              17 March 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 13 March 1967

TO: Mrs. ________________
Greenup, Kentucky 41144

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Please complete the attached form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
PTJD Form 164 /w/envelope

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document or memo describing a UFO sighting reported to the Civil Defense director in Ashland, Kentucky on March 13, 1967.

The text in the document reads:

Memo for the Records: 13 March 67

Received call from Civil Defense director at Ashland, Kentucky reporting a UFO which was observed by Mrs. Georgia Elliot of Greenup, Kentucky.

Call to Mrs. Elliot revealed the following description:
At 1930 Hours the witness observed a star like object coming from the northern sky. The object traveled slowly toward the west and an unidentified aircraft was seen and traveled toward the west. As the plane got close to the UFO the lights on the UFO went out and never reappeared during the next several minutes. The adult witness only saw the object in the western sky. Her daughter saw it coming from the north star, so the adult witness figured the UFO must have come from the north. The object was brighter than the stars. The center of the object was white and the outside edges were a lighter blue and blue. It looks like the object had spheres on the outside. The witness said that she heard a light humming sound.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire regarding an unidentified aerial phenomenon that the observer has witnessed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
Hour
Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address
City or Town
State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours
Minutes
Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
NIGHT
a. Bright
a. Bright
b. Hazy
b. Partly cloudy
c. Cloudy
c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 51, which is obsolete.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: 
(No response provided)

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 8 -

There is no photograph or drawing present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with questions and spaces for the witness to provide details about their sighting.

Page 3
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)            Yes    No    Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:)            Yes    No    Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound
b. Color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that contains a questionnaire with various questions related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ______________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ______________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea 
f. Other ______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other ______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 10 -

This page from the old UFO report document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page with instructions and diagrams related to sighting and describing unidentified flying objects.

The text on the page reads:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 11 -

