PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 24 Jan 67 25/0320Z
2. LOCATION: Denver, Colorado (1 witness)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Aircraft (possible)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer watched a white colored object with a dull pulsating reddish light flashed slowly on and off. The speed of the object plus the flashing red light was what called the attention of the observer. Object veered slightly to the left during its flight path.

The description is consistent with that of an aircraft. Investigating Officer felt that the sighting was of an aircraft landing at the local airport.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

1ST TECHNICAL AIR TRAINING CENTER (ATC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE, 80226, Colorado

REPLY TO
ATTN CP: XNOP                                                Date 24 Jan 67

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO:   FTD, (TDETN), Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information
will be placed in and then forwarded immediately to Plans/Program attention
XDOP:

a. Description of the Object(s):
   (1) Shape. Round

   (2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms):
   head of pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball,
   grapefruit, or basketball; held at arm's length in the hand at about arm's length.
   Grapefruit

   (3) Color. Creamy white

   (4) Number. One (1)

   (5) Formation, if more than one. N/A

   (6) Any discernible features or details. None

   (7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size
   of object(s). None

   (8) Sound. If heard, describe sound. None

   (9) Other pertinent or unusual features. Dull pulsating reddish light
   flashing slowly on and off.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. Description of course of Object(s):

(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
Observer was looking out windshield of auto. Speed of object and red pulsating light, lack of sound attracted attention.

(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed:
45 or 50 degrees

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:
Did not disappear. Appeared to be stationary near Stapleton Airfield when last seen. Still at 45 or 50 degrees

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s):
Moved slightly to left

(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.)
Did not disappear.

(6) How long was the object(s) visible. (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc)
Five (5) minutes

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, ground - electronic, air electronic. (if electronic, specify type of radar.)
Ground-visual.

(2) Pertinent as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth)
used and description thereof:
None

(3) If the sighting is made while aircraft, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station:
N/A

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date-group of sighting: 0230Z/25 Jan 67

2


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(7) Light conditions. (use on of the following scenes: Night, day, 
dawn, dusk)
Night.

c. Location of Observer(s): Exact latitude and longitude of each observer, 
and/or geographical position, position with reference to a known landmark 
also should be given in electrical reports, such as "2mi N of Decatur" 3ml 
SW of Blue Lake". Topographical errors or "geoblag" often results in 
transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

EXAMPLE: 89 15N, 192 74W for 39 15N, 102 21W.

[Partially obscured text] intersection of [obscured] Colorado

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of 
reliability. Civilian - Mrs. [obscured] Denver, Colorado, 80207.

Reliability - Unknown

(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of 
reliability. N/A

g. Weather and Winds -- Chief conditions at time and place of sightings:
Unknown - Buckley did not have this info.

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions. A little cloudy in patches 
but mostly clear.

(2) Report from nearest ANG or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind 
direction and velocity increases and known at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 16,000', 
20,000', 25,000', 35,000', and 50,000' as available.

Surf Winds 120 degrees at 15 knots.

(3) Ceiling. 11,000 feet
(4) Visibility. 20 miles
(5) Amount of cloud cover. 10/10
(6) Thunderstorms in area 3d quadrant in which located. None

3


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

b. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting. None.

i. Interception of identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever possible, complying with existing Air Defense directives). None known

j. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting. Unknown

k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).
Turned to be Courtesy Saucer at Stapleton Airport
Mil. 26 Viejo, Ch. of Opns. Center, Division

l. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs. None.

Report taken by TSgt W.D. Autry

4


- page 5 -

