PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
19 Jan 67   2330Z

2. LOCATION
Middletown, Kentucky

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
northwest

8. PHOTOS
No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro(meteor) - Pass - Probably rare

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched a round blue-white colored object travel magically across the sky. The object was as bright as a magnesium flare only while in blue. The object was mostly white in color but was outlined in blue and had a blue tail. The object just seemed to burn out when it disappeared.

The description is consistent with that of a meteor sighting.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, than how many were there? only one
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   2   Feb.   1967
    Day     Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire - a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I Heard on Radio (WKLO) Jan. 30, 1967 that some people in Davis County KY. had seen a blue light flash across the sky. I tried, but could get no further information about this report.


- page 3 -

19 Jan 67 Middletown, 
Ky.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO                                       1 February 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, Jan 67

TO:                   
Owensboro, Kentucky 40219

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems         1 Atch
                                               FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 4 -

Jan 67

Mrs.
Oklana, Kentucky 40219

Sam 164


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
19   Jan.   1967
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:  6 : 30
               Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw this object?
ON Highway U.S. 60 Just East of Middletown   Kentucky
Nearest Postal/Address                City or Town            State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)           3
                                   Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. (Fairly certain)

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?   memory
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Sunset   NIGHT
             b. Bright   a. Bright
             c. Cloudy   b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your right
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your left      f. Don't remember

FORM
OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick - heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

(Circle One)
a. As a light
b. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Bright as a magnesium flare only white-blue

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: It was perfectly
outlined white in the center
outlined in blue with a
blue trail of something

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It seemed to burn out.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   NO   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moves behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: the Clouds (It was lower than the Clouds)

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - we were inside an automobile, heard no sound
b. Color - white outlined in blue with a blue tail

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and you much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About half (I guess)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of this object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a circular object with a trail of small marks showing its movement direction]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?   45   miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   I slowed down to 10 mph.

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sunglasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other _______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A round white plate of some kind
with some blue in it.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It seemed to burn out.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: the Clouds (It was lower than the Clouds)

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - We were inside an automobile & heard no sound
b. Color - White outlined in blue with a blue tail

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About half (I guess)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a circular object with a trail of small marks indicating movement, with an arrow showing the direction of movement]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:                                 Age 9
                                                                           Age 11

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME                                   Last Name            First Name        Middle Name
ADDRESS                                                     Louisville        46219   KY.
                                        Street               City              Zone    State

TELEPHONE NUMBER                        AGE   26    SEX   Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    30      Jan         1967
    Day     Month       Year


- page 11 -

