Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE, TIME GROUP
11 Nov 67 16/2052

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 Hour, 30 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Radar

7. COURSE
NW

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
X No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
X No

2. LOCATION
NORTH OLMSTED, OHIO

10. CONCLUSION
Probable (BALLOON)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
FAA radar at North Olmstead painted a target that could not be identified at that time. Initially the target was at an azimuth of 070 deg traveling at about 50 kph and approx 20-25 miles north of Erie. The radar controller felt that the target would have had to have been quite high. Lost target about 10 miles NW of Buffalo.

COMMENTS: The controller thought that the object must have been a balloon out couldn't find the agency that launched it. The wind at 30,000 ft was blowing from 230 deg at about 51 MPH. It appears that the object was a balloon, however, the launch agency can not be located.

FORM
FTD SEP 83 0-229 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

TDPTR
Lt. Col. Smith

Request Wind Velocity and Direction for Cleveland for surface: 6,000; 10,000; 16,000; 20,000;
30,000; 50,000; and 60,000 feet 2000 hours to
23,000 hours on 11 November 1967. Also for
Buffalo, N. Y. for same altitudes at same time
and date.

TDPT (UFO)                                                  22 Dec 67
                                                             70916

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page are partially illegible]


- page 2 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rocket or missile launch, with a tall white column rising from the bottom of the image and a small figure or statue at the top of the column. The background is grainy and appears to be a sky or landscape.


- page 3 -

There is no legible text in this image. The photograph appears to show a rocket or missile launch, with a tall white column and an eagle or bird-like figure at the top of the column. The background is dark and grainy, typical of a black and white photograph from the mid-20th century.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Saty More 1967
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: [Hours and Minutes fields blank]
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other _______

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Corner City         Jackson         Michigan
Nearest Town        City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
1 Hours   Minutes   Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? As Clock
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No ✓

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Clear            b. Cloudy
c. Cloudy

[Rest of form continues with various checkboxes and questions about the observed object]

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

AIR FORCE UFO FORM

Page 1                                                                  Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                                8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                                 a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                                b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                                 c. No moonlight-pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                                       d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):                                   WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                                            a. Dry
    b. Hazy                                                 b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds                                     c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds                                d. Snow
                                                            e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                                                d. Glow light
    b. Transparent                                          e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                                             c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                                               d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
    (handwritten: "Red Taurus")

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred                                     e. Other:
    b. Like a bright JST
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                                    (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?                   Yes    No    Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?         Yes    No    Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?                      Yes    No    Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                                      Yes    No    Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                                   Yes    No    Don't know
    f. Change shape?                                        Yes    No    Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                                    Yes    No    Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                              Yes    No    Don't know


- page 6 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it so, how?
Yes, behind a cloud

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
When it went over a small cloud, it seemed to move behind cloud or to the cloud

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
In front of, it went over front of a cloud up it went over an area of cloud

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Do so sound
b. Color: Reddish white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
It was about the size of a large star.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as size, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A simple sketch of a circular object with rays/lines around it, labeled "<clouds"]

[The rest of the form is partially visible but not fully legible]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

orce UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. In a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other:

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         f. Southwest         h. Northwest
c. East              d. Southeast

24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank] miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses         Yes   No         f. Telescope         Yes   No
b. Sun glasses        Yes   No         g. Theodolite        Yes   No
c. Windshield         Yes   No
d. Window glass       Yes   No         h. Other:

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when held up in the sky, would give some appearance as the object which you saw.

a bright light


- page 8 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of it, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before?
[Handwritten response partially obscured]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time of sighting?
31.1 If you answered YES, did
31.2 Please give their names or

32. Please [rest of text obscured by black redaction]

33. When and to whom did you re[rest of text obscured]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

orce UFO form continued                                                Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Yes I have but I don't not able states of them

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and address                                                 red.

32. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME                                                First Name                Middle Name
                                                    First Eugene                 Jonda
ADDRESS                                             City                         Zone            State
TELEPHONE NUMBER                                    AGE 13     SEX Boy

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I have been studying space and taking searches for 15 years, and I have read many reports.

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
Sat 4     Nov         1967


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form co
Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: Sep 12   Nov   1967
                                           Day    Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Just sick right now. When I got in my bed I look out side, I said to my dad don't you see what I see yes. He did not say nothing until the next day. We figured out what it was not a air plane or nothing like that


- page 11 -

12 - 30 NOVEMBER 1967 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

12      Parsippany, New Jersey                             Photo: Other: (SMALL MAN
                                                           MADE OBJECT)

13      Springfield, Ohio                                  Visual: Other (HOAX)
13      Cape Vincent, New York                             INSUFFICIENT DATA
13      Aiken, South Carolina                              Other (GUNNERY FLARES)
14      Petersburg, Michigan                               AIRCRAFT
14-22   Bristol, Indiana                                   Other (CONFUSING DATA)
15      Dayton, Ohio                                       Other (CONFUSING DATA)
15      Kettering, Ohio                                    Astro (STARS/PLANETS)
15      Utah, Idaho                                        Astro (RIGEL)
16      Hazard, Kentucky                                   Astro (METEOR)
16      West Palm Beach, Florida                           Astro (VENUS)
13      Walsok, Iowa                                       INSUFFICIENT DATA
18      Covington, Indiana                                 Astro (METEOR)
                                                           VISUAL: Insuff. Data
                                                           PHOTO: Other (Light Source)

19      Duluth, Minnesota                                  INSUFFICIENT DATA
20      Superior, Wisconsin                                INSUFFICIENT DATA
20      Massachusetts                                      INSUFFICIENT DATA
20      Athens, Ohio                                       BALLOON
21      Milton, Wisconsin                                  INSUFFICIENT DATA
21      San Angelo, Texas                                  AIRCRAFT
21      Farmington, Wisconsin                              Astro (VENUS)
23      Dayton, Ohio                                       BALLOON
24      Dayton, Ohio                                       BALLOON
26      Dayton, Ohio                                       AIRCRAFT
27      Las Vegas, Nevada                                  1. SATELLITE
27      Mason, Texas                                       2. Astro (STAR)
                                                           AIRCRAFT

28      Miami, Kentucky                                    Astro (SIRIUS)
28      Kettering, Ohio                                    Astro (BETELGEUSE)
30      Syracuse, New York                                 Astro (SIRIUS)
30      Barnwell, South Carolina

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                SOURCE                     EVALUATION

12      Manila                  Military
12      Massachusetts
23      Bulgaria
26      Boston, Massachusetts
28      Massachusetts
30      Canada


- page 12 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

Based on telecon with Mr. Dort of FAA, North Olmsted, Ohio

Mr. Dort said that they had picked up an unidentified target on November 11 on their radar. The object was a definite, primary target and was in a place where they didn't ordinarily pick up targets.

Initially the target was at an azimuth of 070 degrees, was traveling about 50 mph and was approximately 20 to 25 miles north of Erie.

Although they have no height finder, Mr. Dort felt that the target would have had to have been quite high. Olmsted lost the object about 8 miles NW of Buffalo. Buffalo lost it at about 3 miles.

There are no scope photos, and no one actually saw the object.

It traveled in a straight line from initial position toward Buffalo.

Mr. Dort said he thought it must be a balloon. He stated that the wind was in the right direction but that he could not find anyone who had launched a balloon that should have been in the area at that time.


- page 13 -

TDPF (UFO) Ma] Quintanilla/70916/mhs/21 Nov 67
UFO Observation, November 11, 1967

Mr. Dorr
5979 Louis Drive
North Olmsted, Ohio 44070

1. Reference your radar sighting of an unidentified flying object on November 11, 1967. Request you provide information on the following questions:

a. What time was it when you first observed the object? What is the length of time that it was observed?

b. What was the height, course, and speed of the object?

c. From the height and return strength could you estimate the size of the object?

d. What type of radar was used?

e. Did anyone else track the object?

f. How did the object disappear?

g. Do you know of any possible cause for the sighting?

h. What action was taken to determine the identity of the object?

2. Your assistance in providing additional information on your sighting is appreciated.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
Self-Addressed envelope


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

7. Remarks or reports of special incidents if any, are listed below: (Security violations, issuance of orders, fires, meeting papers if necessary. Continue on plain bond paper)

HQ SS - GATE GUARD NOT PROD ABLE
THAT THE ATO SYSTEM IN RUN 105
WAS BROKEN DUE TO A CUT IN
THE WIRE MADE BY MOVING DIEBOLD
EQUIPMENT. I CHECKED THE CUT,
CALLED JOHN BALLARD AND THEN
AUTHORIZED OVERTIME FOR CE
REPAIRMAN. TOWKS(TDA) CALLED
AND SAID A MAN IS ON THE WAY.
2025- I CHECKED ON THE ATO PROCESS IN
CEN 195. IT HAS BEEN REPAIRED.

2030- I RECEIVED A PATTERN THREE CELL
FROM CLEVELAND ACFT CFAA TRAFFIC CONTROL
CENTER. A MIS DEPT REPORTED PICKING UP
WHAT HE CLASSIFIED AS A UFO ON
RADAR. HE LOCATION WAS 20 MILES
AT A 250 DEGREE RADIAL FROM BUFFALO
VOR. HE SAID THEY HAVE BEEN FOLLOWING
THIS FOR SOME TIME. I DID NOT FOLLOW UP.
FTO FORM 164, SINCE THERE WAS NO UNUSUAL
SIGHTING.

8. [partially illegible] hours, relieved from duty, turned in report
and all messages, sealed envelopes, etc., received during my tour
of duty.

[Signature and Rank of Officer of the Day]
Signature and Rank of Officer of the Day                Atch


- page 15 -

Text found on the document:

Mr. Dort
8579 Lewis Lane
North Olmsted, Oh.

FAA


- page 16 -

5979 Louis Drive
North Olmsted, Ohio
December 11, 1967

Department of the Air Force
Aerospace Technologies Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Dear Sir:

The following information is provided per your request regarding the unidentified target observed on the Cleveland Center Radar on November 11, 1967.

a. It was first observed at approximately 2105 EST and observed for about 1 hour and 30 minutes

b. Height was unknown, but estimated to be above 10,000 feet due to radar coverage in that area.

c. A very large primary target was received, would equal or better than a DC-6 type aircraft.

d. ADSR radar was being utilized.

e. As object approached Buffalo Terminal Area, it was pointed out to Buffalo Tower at Buffalo, New York.

f. The target just vanished both from the Cleveland Center's and Buffalo Tower's radar, where radar coverage is excellent. This was approximately 10 miles northwest of the Buffalo VOR.

g. No.

h. Action was taken to vector aircraft to the area of sighting. Due to obscured weather, and tops were above 29,000 feet, aircraft would not accept radar vectors to the area. No aircraft were on top of the clouds at the time.

Gerhard G. Dort


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

November 1967
Newspaper: Sumter

From Thousand, AFSC, Yates, Hq 1st, Sq 11

Lights In Florida Sky

THE SKY OVER Eglin AFB was as bright as day for several min-
utes during the final night test mission of a new flare launcher here.
Over 200 million candle power of light was given off while flares
were burning simultaneously. The launcher was tested by the Air
Proving Ground Center and developed by the Air Force Armament
Laboratory, both of the Air Force Systems Command.

The image shows a landscape with a tree on the left side and what appears to be a body of water or field with a bright, vertical line of light in the sky, corresponding to the description of the flare launcher test.


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusion, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
SAT MAY 1967

2. Time of day: NIGHT TIME
(Circle One)   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One)   a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
DAYTON OHIO

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
       Hours   Minutes   Seconds   7-10

5.1 How was time in sight determined?   NOT VERY SURE WHILE OBSERVING

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   YES   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY   a. Bright   b. Cloudy
NIGHT   a. Bright   b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)   a. In front of you   d. To your left
               b. In back of you    e. Overhead
               c. To your right     f. Don't remember

8. If you saw the object at NIL
8.1 STARS (Circle One)
    a. None
    b. A few
    c. Many
    d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
    a. Clear sky
    b. Hazy
    c. Scattered clouds
    d. Thick or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
    a. Solid
    b. Transparent
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it:
    a. Brighter
    b. Dimmer

11.1 Compare brightness to:   ALUMINUM

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)   a. Fuzzy or
               b. Like a bar
               c. Sharply
               d. Don't know

13. Did the object:
    a. Appear to stand still at one point
    b. Suddenly speed up and/or change direction
    c. Break up into parts or explode
    d. Give off smoke?
    e. Change brightness?
    f. Change shape?
    g. Flash or flicker?
    h. Disappear and reappear?

FORM
FID OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 19 -

AIR FORCE UFO FORM

Page 1                                                                  Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                                8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                                a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                              b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                               c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                                     d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):                                   WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear sky                                            a. Dry
b. Hazy                                                 b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds                                     c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds                                d. Snow
                                                         e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                                             d. As a light
    b. Transparent                                       e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                                          c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                                            d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
    [Handwritten text appears to say "Aluminum light"]

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred                     c. Other:
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                                     (Circle One for each question)    [Some handwritten notes on right side]
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?                Yes   No   Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?     Yes   No   Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?                  Yes   No   Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                                  Yes   No   Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                               Yes   No   Don't know
    f. Change shape?                                    Yes   No   Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                                Yes   No   Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                          Yes   No   Don't know


- page 20 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NOT WHILE BUSY WATCHING IT.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
IT MOVED BEHIND: PARTIALLY HAZY CLOUDS

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
IN FRONT OF: [No text entered]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: SILVER - WHITISH

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1/4 + 1/4

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A simple elongated oval/elliptical shape is drawn with some additional notation]


- page 21 -

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCE SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
WEATHER BUREAU
Fort Wayne, Indiana 46809
January 8, 1968

IN REPLY REFER TO:

Hector Quintanilla, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorates
Department of the Air Force
Headquarters Foreign Tech. Div.
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Ohio 45433

Dear Sir:

With regards to the subject, UFO Observations, 11 November 1967, a 30-gram balloon with a lighting device was released at approximately 12:01 AM EST on Nov. 11. This type balloon reaches about 30M in diameter when first inflated with some increase in size at high levels, and travels with the wind at all levels. Most balloons burst and fall to earth within an hour or two after release. It would seem very unlikely that any balloon released at Fort Wayne would remain aloft long enough to be observed between Cleveland and Buffalo.

We know of no other agency launching balloons in this area.

Very truly yours

[Signature]
Clyde H. Downes
Meteorologist in Charge.

P. S. The Weather Bureau at Toledo Express Airport, RFD4, Swanton, Ohio 43558, takes pilot balloon flights.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

rce UFO form continued                                                Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    2¼ to 4 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other:

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 d. East                 g. West
b. Northeast             e. Southeast            h. Northwest
c. Northwest             f. Southwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 10-15                miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes    No         e. Binoculars           Yes    No
b. Sun glasses          Yes    No         f. Telescope            Yes    No
c. Windshield           Yes    No         g. Theodolite           Yes    No
d. Window glass         Yes    No         h. Other:

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or ob-
jects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Large swing moving (STICKY)


- page 23 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Motion less (only observed for about 7-10 seconds)

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

30. Have you ever seen this, [illegible text]

31. Was anyone else with you?
31.1 If you answered YES
31.2 Please list their name:

32. Please give the following:
NAME: [partially legible name]
ADDRESS: [partially legible address]
TELEPHONE NUMBER:

Indicate any additional information: [some additional text, partially illegible]

33. When and to whom did you [rest of text cut off]


- page 24 -

Air Force UFO form continued

Page 6

30. Has you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

22. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] NE Boston MASS
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]   SEX: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Science Teacher
(Teach Astronomy)
Significant by nature & Plant
Believe in flying saucers - Think
about so many reports (Physics)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day [blank] Month 11 Year 1967   To wife & family only
Minutes after seeing it
[Partially illegible text at bottom of page about discussing the sighting]


- page 25 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form cor
Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Date appears to be handwritten but is illegible]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[Handwritten text, partially legible, appears to read:]
Pico Carrying during time to
[rest of first line is difficult to read clearly]
[Subsequent lines are partially legible but not fully transcribable]

[On the right side of the page, there are some additional handwritten notes, but they are also partially illegible]

The document appears to be an official UFO reporting form with handwritten responses that are challenging to fully decipher.


- page 26 -

Force UFO form continued

Page 7                                                                   Page 8

[Handwritten text, partially legible:]

Possibly not in B well field to see if it could have me but if it was nowhere to be seen (This there a notebook from John Pres. again)

Reasons for my coming:

1. Plane it wasn't a plane because at the apparent distance it should have definitely been a device it definitely some motion!

2. Things we saw high in the sky and was clearly flown at its complete disappearance (over horizon) in two seconds broke all the laws of physics reject the be done by all forms of matter -- I'm other words that thing should have been visible at that point on the sky for a lot longer than 2 seconds.

3. It was solid - clearly visible & at strange appearing.


- page 27 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORC

NCTO                                                   Page 1

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?    Fr    Nov    67
                                   Day  Month  Year

2. Time of day:    37: 41
                 Hours  Minutes
                 (Circle One)   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
   (Circle One)   a. Eastern
                  b. Central
                  c. Mountain
                  d. Pacific
                  e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?    Tupper Lake    New York
                                            Nearest Postal Address   City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    3    30
                                                   Hours  Minutes  Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?    DAY    almost bright
                                        (Circle One)

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One)   a. In front of you    d. To your left
                  b. In back of you     e. Overhead
                  c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM                This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.
FTD OCT 62 164


- page 28 -

AIR FORCE UFO FORM

Page 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 29 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)   Don't know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: ____________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)   Don't know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ____________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:        No sound
b. Color:        Change colors only then gull white it turns

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?     almost     all

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with multiple "lights" around it, with arrows indicating light sources]

[The rest of the form's fields are blank]


- page 30 -

Here is the text from the UFO form:

rce UFO form continued                                                Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 100 miles per hour

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other in a street

24. IF YOU WERE MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                   d. Southeast                g. West
b. Northeast               e. South                    h. Northwest
c. East                    f. Southwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses              Yes   No        e. Binoculars           Yes   No
b. Sun glasses             Yes   No        f. Telescope            Yes   No
c. Windshield              Yes   No        g. Theodolite           Yes   No
d. Window glass            Yes   No        h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words as common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last question (26) is blank with no response written]


- page 31 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO Report

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten note on drawing: Stopped]

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Blank section for drawing]

30. Have you ever seen this or a similar object before?

31. Was anyone with you at the time you saw the object?
31.1 If yes, who?
31.2 Please list names:

32. Please give the following information:
NAME:
ADDRESS:
TELEPHONE:
[Indicates an area for additional information]

33. When and

[Bottom of page partially cut off]


- page 32 -

Project 5992D - STAR TREK

SCHEDULE # 3    LOCATION: Buffalo, New York    DATE: 11 Nov 67

HEIGHT   PRECEDING    TEMP    WIND SPEED    DIRECTION    SPEED
         mb          °C                    deg.         kts

SFC(20L)                                   210          19
SFC(21L)                                   220          21
SFC(22L)                                   220          23
SFC(23L)                                   220          21
6,000                                      250          36
10,000                                     250          35
16,000                                     240          40
20,000                                     260          41
30,000                                     230          51
50,000                                     250          41
80,000                                     270          19

#4      LOCATION: Iowa, Louisiana           13 Oct 67

SFC(23L)                                   130          5
SFC(21L)                                   130          5

#5      LOCATION: Ucon, Idaho               16 Nov 67

SFC(18L)                                   -            CALM
SFC(17L)                                   -            CALM

#6      LOCATION: Richardson, Texas         28 Dec 67

SFC(21L)                                   030          3

REMARKS:
DATA SOURCE: ETAC UPPER AIR HISTORY FILES.

ANALYST: SSgt Dunham


- page 33 -

U.S. Air Force UFO Form Continued

Page 5                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Handwritten notes: "Some new address", "Vac. 2t Th.", "Do not now", "address"]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: Tupper Lake, New York
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 34   SEX: Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent:
[Handwritten note: "I collect U.F.O. magazines and read all a can."]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]


- page 34 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form c                                                Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     Wed.   Nov.   17

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

It was something that was stopping and then spring. It look like and when you looked at it you felt like and then all of a sudden it stopped. I want a airplane, I just now it. Please send reply.


- page 35 -

Here is the text from the document:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
6   11   67
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:
7   24
Hours   Minutes
(Circle One):   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One):   a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Partially obscured] Ave Valley Stream, New York
Street Address           City or Town            State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
4
Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Exact     b. Fairly certain     c. Not very sure     d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?   clock

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY:   a. Bright   b. Cloudy
NIGHT:   a. Bright   b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):   a. In front of you   b. In back of you   c. To your right   d. To your left   e. Overhead   f. Don't remember

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT:
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
    a. None
    b. A Few
    c. Many
    d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions:
CLOUDS (Circle One):
    a. Clear/few
    b. Hazy
    c. Scattered clouds
    d. Thick or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
    a. Solid
    b. Transparent
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was:
    a. Brighter
    b. Dimmer

11.1 Compare brightness to a pla[rest of text cut off]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):   a. Fuzzy   b. Like a bright   c. Sharply   d. Don't know

13. Did the object:
    a. Appear to stand still or on
    b. Suddenly speed up and ru
    c. Break up into parts or exp
    d. Give off smoke?
    e. Change brightness?
    f. Change shape?
    g. Flash or flicker?
    h. Disappear and reappear?

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 36 -

AIR FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Full moonlight
c. No moonlight—pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light (lightly)
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
a plane oh fire

12. The edge of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharp/defined

d. Other: were lights
spanned like disk

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 37 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No, just disappeared behind trees.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: trees

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:   buildings and trees

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   absolutely no sound
b. Color:   red & white lights

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, propulsion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a UFO with a note: "I think that we saw at this time that this object was a cigar shaped."]

20-26 sections are partially visible but not fully legible.


- page 38 -

Here is the text from the document:

Force UFO form continued
Page 3                                                                   Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?   250 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                 g. West
b. Northeast             d. Southeast            f. Southwest             h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?                miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eye glasses           Yes   No         e. Binoculars            Yes   No
b. Sun glasses           Yes   No         f. Telescope             Yes   No
c. Windshield            Yes   No         g. Theodolite            Yes   No
d. Window glass          Yes   No         h. Other:   Naked Eye

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A movie marquee with flashing lights with red lights situated somewhere on the object.


- page 39 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw it.

30. Have you ever seen this, or No

31. Was anyone else with you
31.1 If you answered YES,
31.2 Please list their names
Gary
Lee N

32. Please give the following in
NAME: Wm
ADDRESS: 536 Rt.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 1

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

There was only one object.

Indicate any additional info:
My ent
have often
the moon at
of the yo
telescope
camera
anything

33. When and to whom did you
Day


- page 40 -

Force UFO form continued

Page 5                                                                  Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  Yes   No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)  Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted text]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted text]
ADDRESS: Valley Stream, USA, N.Y.
Street                 City            Zone    State

TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]   AGE: 15   SEX: Boy

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
My friends and I (the ones shown listed) and I have often made observations on the Moon & stars at different times of the year, using a refractor telescope. We also took notes on our night sky. We have never noticed anything similar to this before.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
We did not report this to anyone else.
    Day         Month       Year


- page 41 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form co
Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6   11   69
    Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The object was first sighted of which screamed that he thought that something in the sky (plume) was on fire. The [illegible text] said that we should follow it. It headed northwest easy and it hints made sharp rise into its own consideration drops, and later changed its course heading, and fading behind the trees to the west. I heard no sound. The object had five yellow lights around the sides diminishing and brightening puppy once a while - It traveled as fast as an airplane as to scan over the area - Of course this speed is only an estimate because we did not know how far away the object was. I will also add that there was a red light on the top, but I'm not sure exactly where on the top.

Handwritten note on right side of page: "I would if you see Thank you"


- page 42 -

Text found on the document:

Force UFO form continued

Page 7                                                                   Page 8

On the right side of the page, handwritten text reads:
"I would appreciate it very much
if you send your answer soon.
Thank you."

On the left margin, some partially legible text appears to be vertically oriented, but is not clearly readable.


- page 43 -

Project 5992D - STAR TREK

REPORTING # 1     LOCATION: Cleveland, Ohio     DATE: 11 Nov 67

[Table with columns for Height, Pressure, Temperature, Wind Speed/Direction, and other measurements at various altitudes]

#2     LOCATION: Dallas, Texas     DATE: 2 Dec 67

[Similar table with measurements at different altitudes]

REMARKS: "G" INDICATES SURFACE WIND GUSTS.

DATA SOURCE: USAF UPPER AIR HISTORY FILES AND ASHEVILLE, N.C. DATA FILES.

ANALYST: SSgt Dunham


- page 44 -

TDPF (UFO) Maj Quintanilla/70916/mhs/17 Feb 68
UFO Photographs, November 1967

USAF (ATIC)

1. Reference your OSI Communication, Hq D240-185/70/508, 15 January 1968, subject "Alleged UFO Sighting in Treysa, FRG."

2. We are unable to positively identify the objects in the photographs that you forwarded to us. However, the majority of the photographs are of ground lights, above which, is a single light source. We feel that this light source may be the planet Venus, which was at an approximate elevation of 12° and an azimuth of 130° at 0545 hours on November 6, 1967, and was by far the brightest astronomical body in the sky. However, without knowledge of the elevation and azimuth of the object that Sgt. Clark sighted, we are unable to positively identify the object.

3. Several other photographs appear to be multiple exposures of an unknown light source.

4. Since the observations took place outside the limits of the United States, no further investigation will be made. Sgt. Clark's photographs are attached.

FOR THE COMMANDER

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

2 Atchs
1. Negatives
2. One slide


- page 45 -

IN REPLY REFER TO
1QD24G-185/70/508

OSI COMMUNICATION

TO:
FTD
Wright-Patterson AFB OH 45433

FROM:
HQ USAF (AFISIC)
Washington DC 20333

SUBJECT:
Alleged UFO Sighting in Treysa, FRG

REFERENCE:

ITEMS CHECKED ARE APPLICABLE TO ABOVE SUBJECT
INVESTIGATION HAS BEEN INITIATED AND REPORTS WILL BE FORWARDED AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
ATTACHED IS REPORT OF INVESTIGATION. THIS MATTER IS [ ] PENDING [ ] CLOSED.
REQUEST REPORT OF ACTION TAKEN. (AFR 124-4)
IF THIS IS PROCESSED UNDER AFR ____________, I REQUEST COMPLIANCE WITH PARAGRAPH _____________

NOTE RESTRICTIVE LEGENDS ON FRONT OF THE ATTACHMENT(S)
RETURN ATTACHMENT(S) AFTER HAVING SERVED YOUR PURPOSE.
REQUEST AN INDCCS CHECK ON ABOVE SUBJECT AND INDIVIDUAL(S) LISTED IN OTHER/REMARKS.
WHEN ATTACHMENT(S) IS/ARE REMOVED, THE CLASSIFICATION OF THIS CORRESPONDENCE
WILL BE: [ ] RETAINED [ ] DOWNGRADED TO: ____________ [ ] CANCELED [ ] MARKED "FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY."

OTHER/REMARKS:
The attached is furnished for your information

COPIES TO:
[Partially illegible signature/name section]

ATTACHMENTS:
1 Atch
Ltr, 66th MI, Subj
as above, 20 Nov 67,
w/atch

FILE STAMP AND/OR OTHER:
[Mostly illegible]


- page 46 -

165TH MILITARY INTELLIGENCE COMPANY
66TH MILITARY INTELLIGENCE GROUP
APO 09757

AETCIF-0                                                                  20 November 1967

SUBJECT: Alleged UFO Sighting in Treysa, FRG

TO:     Commanding Officer
        66th Military Intelligence Group
        ATTN: AETCIO-SE(IS)
        APO 09454

1. Forwarded herewith is one Agent Report and a roll of unprocessed color film concerning a recent alleged sighting of unidentified flying objects in the area of Treysa (NB1340), FRG.

2. Recommend film be forwarded to appropriate USAF agency.

2 Incl
as                                                                        THOMAS M. BURTON
                                                                          INC, MI
                                                                          Commanding


- page 47 -

AGENT REPORT
(CS 540-250-10)

1. NAME OF SUBJECT OR TITLE OF INCIDENT
Alleged UFO Sighting in Treysa, FRG

2. DATE SUBMITTED
14 November 1967

3. CONTROL SYMBOL OR FILE NUMBER
[blank]

4. REPORT OF FINDINGS

(MISCELLANEOUS) On 6 November 1967, Leonard W. Blankenship, RA 24 275 968, SSG 5-6, Assistant Operations Sergeant, Company B, 706th Military Police Battalion, Giessen (m8760), Federal Republic of Germany, (FRG), APO New York 09169, reported to the Giessen Field Office, 165th Military Intelligence Company, Giessen, the following information which was reported to him by Ervin L. Clark, RA 2698778, SP6 5-6, 7th USA Missile Detachment, Treysa (MBL540), FRG, APO New York 09169, concerning Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs) in the Treysa, FRG area.

On 6 November 1967, from approximately 0330 to 0545 hours, Clark observed five UFOs hovering over the Hartburg Kaserne, Treysa. Two of the UFOs were approximately 15 to 20 feet in diameter and three were approximately 30 feet in diameter. All of the UFOs were of a red and white color with a green fringe. Clark photographed the UFOs on color film and submitted the unprocessed film (EXHIBIT ___) to the Military Police.

5. TYPED NAME AND ORGANIZATION OF SPECIAL AGENT
RINALDO VENERI 66th II Group

6. SIGNATURE OF SPECIAL AGENT
[Signature]

DA FORM 24 3 4 1 REPLACES WD AGO FORM 341, 1 JUN 67, WHICH MAY BE USED.
AGL(D)11-61-1024-5445


- page 48 -

this case includes
seventeen (17) 8x10 B&W Photos
Four (4) Negatives


- page 49 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a grainy, dark texture and several small white dots or points of light scattered across it. The image looks like it could be a photograph of the sky or some other surface, but the details are very unclear due to the low quality and high contrast of the image.


- page 50 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a grainy, dark background and several small white or light-colored dots or marks scattered across it. The image looks like it could be a photographic print or document with some kind of markings, but the details are not clear due to the low contrast and graininess of the image.


- page 51 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a grainy black and white photograph with several small white or light-colored dots or points scattered across a dark background. The image looks like it could be a photographic negative or a blurry document, but no text can be discerned.


- page 52 -

There is no legible text in this image. The document appears to be a black and white photograph with a grainy, textured surface. There are several small white or light-colored dots scattered across the image, and what seems to be a textured edge or object at the bottom of the page. The image quality is low and the details are difficult to discern.


- page 53 -

The image appears to be a very low contrast, grainy black and white document page with several small white dots/holes along the left margin. The text on the page is completely illegible due to the poor image quality. The page seems to have some slight damage or tears around the edges.


- page 54 -

OFFICIAL FORM NO. 13

UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
Memorandum

TO   : Major Hector Quintanilla Jr., USAF           DATE: January 3, 1968

FROM : U.S. Weather Bureau, Toledo, Ohio

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 11 November 1967

No balloons were launched from our station, nor to my knowledge from any other station in our area, that could be responsible for that sighting.

The weather over this station at 2105 EST on 11 November 1967 was... 800 ft. broken clouds and 1200 ft. overcast with 8 miles visibility and winds from the southwest at 10 knots.

Fred Davis
Fred Davis


- page 55 -

I apologize, but I cannot discern any legible text on this page. The image appears to be a grayscale document or photograph with some small circular marks or holes, but the text is too blurry or faint to read. The page looks like it might be an old document or report page, but the details are not clear enough for me to extract any specific text.


- page 56 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph with a grainy, textured surface and several small circular marks or holes scattered across it. The image looks like it could be a close-up of a surface or a document, but the details are not clear due to the low contrast and graininess of the image.


- page 57 -

I apologize, but I cannot discern any legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white document or photograph with a grainy, textured surface and some small white dots or holes along the edges, but the text (if any) is not readable from this scan.


- page 58 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be extremely degraded and illegible. While the document seems to be a scanned page from a report, the text is completely unreadable due to heavy graininess, dark shadows, and poor image quality. No discernible text can be extracted from this image.


- page 59 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be extremely low quality and illegible. While there are some faint markings or perforations along the top and bottom edges of the document, no clear text can be discerned from this scanned page.


- page 60 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be extremely low quality and degraded. While there are some faint markings or perforations along the top and bottom edges of the document, the text is completely illegible. The page looks like an old, worn document with significant image noise and poor contrast, making it impossible to perform accurate OCR.


- page 61 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be extremely faded and degraded. While there are some visible holes or perforations along the edges of the document, the text is completely illegible. The page looks like an old, worn document with significant image quality issues that prevent any meaningful text extraction.


- page 62 -

The image appears to be a very poor quality, grainy black and white document page with significant degradation and low contrast. Most of the text is completely illegible. There are some torn or perforated edges visible at the top and bottom of the page, but no readable text can be discerned from this image.


- page 63 -

I apologize, but I cannot discern any legible text on this page. The image appears to be a grayscale document or photograph with some small white or light-colored circular objects or marks on a textured background, but the text is not readable.


- page 64 -

I cannot detect any legible text in this image. The document appears to be a black and white photograph with some small white or light-colored circular objects arranged vertically on the left side of the image against a grainy, textured background. The image quality is poor and no text is discernible.


- page 65 -

Lt Mareno:

The Navy did not have any balloon launches that might have been responsible for our sighting. They did have a launch 8 Nov from Minneapolis, however, it was terminated the next day and they had a confirmation on it on 9 Nov that it came down. Mr. Demboski was sorry that he couldn't be of further assistance.

marilyn


- page 66 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a grayscale document or photograph with several small white circular marks or holes on a textured gray background. The image looks like it might be a document page with hole punches on the left side, but the text, if any existed, is not readable in this scan.


- page 67 -

I apologize, but I cannot discern any legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white document with some circular or oval-shaped marks on the left side, but the text is too blurry or faded to read. The page looks like it might be part of an old report or document, but the details are not clear.


- page 68 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a grainy black and white photograph with several white circular or oval-shaped marks on a gray background, with some darker edges around the border of the image.


- page 69 -

Here is the text from the document:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
8   Nov   1967

2. Time of day: [Blank fields for Hours and Minutes]
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other______

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
RESTOUL, ONTARIO, CANADA
Nearest Postal Address                City or Town                State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
12         Hours    Minutes    Seconds
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?   GUESS
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

[Additional form fields are visible but not filled out]

FTD FORM
OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 70 -

AIR FORCE UFO FORM

Page 1                                                                  Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                                                8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                                                a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                                               b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                                                c. No moonlight-pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                                                      d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):                                                   WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear                                                               a. Dry
    b. Hazy                                                                b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds                                                    c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds                                               d. Snow
                                                                           e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
    a. Solid                                                               d. As a light
    b. Transparent                                                         c. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                                                            c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                                                              d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Brightness of a star

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One)    a. Fuzzy or blurred                                       e. Other:
    b. Sharply defined
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                                                       (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?                                  Yes    No    Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?                        Yes    No    Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?                                     Yes    No    Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                                                     Yes    No    Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                                                  Yes    No    Don't know
    f. Change shape?                                                       Yes    No    Don't know
    g. Float or flicker?                                                   Yes    No    Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                                             Yes    No    Don't know


- page 71 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
There were (3) UFOs. One remained invite for the total sighting. Others two disappeared.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:_______

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:_______

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: There was no sound at all
b. Color: Glowing purple

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
With a ruler held at arm's length the object would be 6 inches long.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction you moving.

22. Where were you located when? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a description as possible, which, when placed up in the sky, have never seen the sky.


- page 72 -

Here is the text from the document:

Force UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop on any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other: [blank]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which it most nearly resembled. If you would give some appearance or the object which you saw:

"I have never seen anything that looked like this in the sky."


- page 73 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before?
NO.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time?
31.1 If you answered YES, did
31.2 Please list their names
Mr. [blacked out]
Two others in [blacked out]

32. Please give the following information:
NAME: [blacked out]
ADDRESS: [blacked out]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 26

Indicate any additional information

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 3
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The objects moved north then back to their original position. The object "2" moved west and then hovered and moved back to its original position.

33. When and to whom did you report: [blank]
18
Day


- page 74 -

Air Force UFO form continued

Page 5                                                                   Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
M[redacted] Harrison Ont. Canada.
Two others - names + addresses unknown.

22. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]                 Last Name   First Name   Middle Name
ADDRESS [redacted] LISTOWEL, ONTARIO
CITY                                 Zone       State
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 50   SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

23. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
18    Nov.    67
Day    Month   Year
LISTOWEL, ONTARIO.


- page 75 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form cc

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 18     Nov     1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

During the week of when the sighting occurred the witnesses were hunting in the Parry Sound District, of Northern Ontario. The closest city is North Bay ONT. CANADA the closest lake is Restoule a town being named Arnott, ON at nine P.m on November 8, 1967 when a former World War II bomber pilot (Buster Fain) spotted the U.F.O's. There were three objects, one standing out more clearly than the other two. They looked up to back and forth in the air often hovering for three or three minutes at a time. As described had four distinct bright lights each at a flaming purple. The one object the same brightness three being such as at each corner of the U.F.O. During the duration of the sighting, which was around twelve minutes, no sound was heard which could be end of the sighting, only one U.F.O. could be seen. Two after blinking off and on disappeared. At the sighting (noted) went into the building. The shape of the objects was irregular.

You have my permission to use my name, instruments, publications etc. if it is necessary.


- page 76 -

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCE SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
WEATHER BUREAU
DAYTON MUNICIPAL AIRPORT
VANDALIA, OHIO

December 29, 2967

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate
United States Air Force

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Replying to the fourth paragraph of your letter of December 25, 1967, regarding an unidentified object north of Lake Erie, 21.05 N, 205 EST November 11, 1967, a rawinsonde balloon with rawinsonde attached was released at this station at 1800 EST on that date. We know of no other agency in this area which launches balloons. You may be interested to learn that the Weather Bureau Upper Air Station at Flint, Michigan was scheduled to release a rawinsonde balloon at the same time as the one released here, 1800 EST.

Very truly yours,
Raymond T. Gillan
Meteorologist in Charge


- page 77 -

NCIO 9Nov-67

TDPT (UFO) Maj Quintanilla/70916/msa/29 Dec 67
UFO Investigation Report (Your ltr, 18 Nov 67)

Hq 432nd Tactical Reconnaissance Wing
Attn: C
AFO San Francisco 96237

The unidentified observations of 9 November 1967 have been identified as the decay of Cosmos 190, Rocket Body.

FOR THE COMMANDER

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

Cy to: Univ of Colo

Cos 190 Rocket Body

File with this sort
of the material in
file on this sighting


- page 78 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 432ND TACTICAL RECONNAISSANCE WING (PACAF)
APO SAN FRANCISCO 96237

18 NOV 1967

REPLY TO
ATTN OF C

SUBJECT UFO Investigation Report

TO Foreign Technology Division (TDETR)
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio 45443

The attached investigation report of a UFO sighting which occurred
on 9 November 1967 is forwarded in accordance with AFR 80-17.

VICTOR N. CABAS, Colonel, USAF
Commander

1 Atch
Investigation of UFO
Sighting w/3 Atch


- page 79 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 432ND TACTICAL RECONNAISSANCE WING (PACAF)
APO SAN FRANCISCO 96237

NOV 13 1967

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DCIR
SUBJECT: Investigation of UFO Sighting 9 November 1967

TO: C

1. On the night of 9 November 1967 between the hours of 1250 - 1300Z several reports of a UFO sighting were received at the 7/13 Air Force Tactical Air Control Center at Udorn Royal Thai Air Force Base, Thailand. These reports were received from USAF aircraft in flight as well as from several other USAF installations in Thailand. Over 150 persons observed the phenomenon while attending a motion picture showing at the outdoor theater at Udorn RTAFB.

2. On 10 November 1967 I was appointed investigating officer for this incident. My investigation included interviews with officers and airmen stationed at Udorn RTAFB although telephonic corroboration of details of the sighting was made with one location to the south of this station. The details of individual observations closely parallel each other especially as to time, altitude and direction of flight of the UFO. The most complete report was submitted by Lt Col John H. Scholtz of the 11th TRS who observed the phenomenon from the Udorn outdoor theater. Attachment 1 is a copy of Colonel Scholtz's report. Attachment 2 is a copy of the local weather report for the period just prior to the sighting as prepared by Detachment 15, 10 Weather Squadron, Udorn RTAFB. Attachment 3 is a copy of a newspaper article as reported in The Bangkok World Saturday, 11 November 1967.

3. Many of the persons whom I interviewed had previously observed a meteoric shower as well as a shooting star. All reporters stated that the speed of the UFO was not as fast as any shooting star they had seen and the trajectory of the UFO across the horizon was much flatter than that of meteoric showers which had been observed. Additionally most reporters indicated that the path of meteorite showers was generally at a higher elevation above the horizon than the UFO. One reporter noted that the distance between fiery objects in a meteorite shower were greater than those noted on the night of 9 November.


- page 80 -

Another observer pointed out that the arc of the UFO was not as high as the Echo Satellites he had observed. No sounds were heard relative to the UFO by any observer and no one could give an estimate as to its speed. All sightings including those at other stations as reported to 7/13 AF TACC were visual. No radar sightings were reported.

4. Conclusion. Insufficient evidence or corroborating data are available locally through open source material to positively identify the source of the UFO. Local newspapers reported the launching of a Saturn 5 rocket from Cape Kennedy, Florida at 12002, 9 November. No details as to the direction, altitude, orbital path, or times and locations of stage separations were listed in the local press. However, it is possible that the UFO incident as observed and reported in Thailand resulted from stage separation debris of the Saturn 5 rocket.

DAVID J. COLGAN, Lt Col, USAF
Investigating Officer

3 Atch
1. LtCol Scholtz Report
2. Transcript of Official Records, 13 Nov 67
3. Article from The Bangkok World, 11 Nov 67

2


- page 81 -

Reference para 11 AFR 80-17, UFO Report

1. UFO Report

a. Description of object

(1) Shape - undeterminable because of distance between observer and object, possibly cylindrical shape.

(2) Size - the lead object of the swarm was about the size of Venus in the night sky.

(3) Color - the lead object was blue white with a light intensity comparable to Venus. The remaining objects were the same color and the light intensities emitted were steady but of diminishing brilliance down to about the equivalent of the star Polaris.

(4) Number - there were approximately 12 objects in the swarm.

(5) Formation - the lead swarm had about ten objects in a random V-formation. The distance between objects was not uniform. The dimensions of the formation was measured using a lead pencil held at arms length and was enclosed within a rectangle measuring 7 degrees of arc in length by 3 1/2 degree of arc in width. The second formation with two objects was approximately 10 degrees of arc behind the lead object of the first formation and measured about 2 1/2 degrees by 1 degree of arc in size.

(6) Features or details - no significant features or details were noted.

(7) Each object in each formation left a distinct trail which was a thin dull gold color. Each trail measured approximately 20 degrees of arc.

(8) Sound - no sound was associated with the sighting.

(9) No other pertinent or unusual features.

b. Description of course:

(1) Observer was seated at the Udorn RTAFB outdoor movie theater when he first observed what was believed to be an

Attachment 1


- page 82 -

Here is the text from the document:

aircraft on fire in the distant northern horizon.

(2) The objects were first observed at a 10 degree
angle of elevation - azimuth 320 degrees.

(3) Objects disappeared from observers view at 10
degrees elevation 150 degrees azimuth.

(4) The flight path of all objects was straight with no
change of course. All objects traveling at same speed (no relative
motion between objects). The best and closest point of observation
was at 60 degrees elevation, azimuth 250 degrees.

(5) Objects disappeared as they passed over the horizon.

(6) The objects were visible for approximately 1 1/2
minutes.

c. Manner of observation:
(1) Ground visual
(2) No optical aids
(3) N/A

d. Date and Time:
(1) 1255Z 9 Nov, 1955 local 9 Nov 1967.
(2) Night

e. Location of observer:
(1) Udorn RTAFB
(2) Lat 1722N Long 10248E

f. Identifying information of observer:
(1) Military -
(a) John C. Scholtz Jr, Lt Col, 11th Tac Recon Sq,
Aircraft Commander/Squadron Executive Officer, RF4C qualified
recon pilot.


- page 83 -

(b) Observer is a trained electronic engineer with Masters Degree in Electronic Engineering and 3 years engineering design experience in the development of radars capable of tracking re-entry vehicles. Total of 7 years engineering experience with AF Systems Command.

g. Weather:

Observer's account of weather - clear, no cloud coverage, visibility 5 miles.


- page 84 -

FROM: Det 15, 10th Tac Sq
SUBJECT: Transcript of Official Records
TO: Whom it may Concern

The following information is extracted from official records at Udorn RTAFB (4875A) on 9 November 1967:

a. Surface observations
   11552 (19551) HH-WG 10 81/64/0700/20.9,
   12579 (19551) HH-WG 10 79/64/0000/59.87

b. Upper air observations - valid at 1200Z, released at 1157:
   (1) WINDS ALOFT
       ALTITUDE     TIME
       6000 Ft      210/07
       10,000 Ft    110/10
       16,000 Ft    110/06
       20,000 Ft    080/08
       30,000 Ft    160/07
       50,000 Ft    160/18
       60,000 Ft    N/A

   (2) VERTICAL TEMPERATURE GRADIENT
       LAYER         GRADIENT
       Sfc-8000 Ft   -2.4°C/1000 Ft
       8000-9000 Ft  +1.7°C/1000 Ft
       9000-45,000 Ft -2.2°C/1000 Ft
       45,000-53,000 Ft -1.4°C/1000 Ft

[Signature]
JOHN E. WALLIS, Major, USAF
Commander


- page 85 -

Here is the text from the document:

Light In
The Sky

LAMPANG—An incandescent beam of light which travelled across the sky at estimated 20 kilometers per hour Thursday night has excited the imaginations of Lampang residents.

The beam, about 30 meters long, was seen by residents northeast of the city. Observers said the beam was wider and longer than that of a meteor trail.

NOTE: Lampang is located at 18°17'30"N/99°30'E

Attachment 3


- page 86 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

NN3N

WP3047
PTTUZY* PUHHABA0953 3330403-UUUU--RUEDFIF.
ZNP UUUUU
R 290334Z NOV 67
FM CINCPACAF
TO RUEDFIF/FCDI:DSIR WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB OHIO
INFO RUEHHQA/CASF AFROC
Z 091955Z NOV 57
FM DEP CMDR 7 13AF U3ORN RTAFB THAI
TO RUMSBJ/7AF TSN AFBCVV
INFO RUEHHQA/PACAF
RUMABA/13AF CLARK AB PI
BT
UNOLAS/TACC

SUBJ: UFO SIGHTING. MSG IN TWM PARTS. PART I. THE FOLLOWING
REPORT WAS THE MOST DEFINITIVE OF THE MANY RECEIVED CONCERNING
THE SIGHTING OF A UFO. SIGHTINGS WERE REPORTED FROM THE GROUND
AT MKP ADJ UCN AND FROM AIRCRAFT IN FLIGHT AT VARIOUS LOCATIONS
IN EASTERN THAILAND. LTCOL SCHOLZ Z HAS HAS PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE
WITH MULTIPLE RE-ENTRY VEHICLES AND I SI HIS OPINION THAT THE
OBJECT HE SAW WERE MRV'S THIS SIGHTING WAS ALSO VIEWED BY THE
ENTIRE AUDIENCE AT THE OUTDOOR THEATER AT UBORN RTAFB. LT COL
SCHOLTZ'S REPORTED FOLLOW: PART II. ABOUT 1955 L, 9 NOV 67, I WAS

PAGE 2 RUHHABA0953 'NCLAS
SETTING AT THE UBORN RTAFB OUTDOOR THEATER WHEN MY ATTENTION
WAS DISTRACTED TO THE RIGHT OF THE MOVIE SCREEN TOWARDS THE


- page 87 -

UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
Memorandum

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
WEATHER BUREAU

TO : Hector Quintanilla Jr. Major, USAF

DATE: 12/29/67
In reply refer to:

FROM : MIO, WEAS, Akron, Ohio

SUBJECT: letter of 12/26/67 TTPYUFO

Our office did not launch any balloons during the day Nov.11,1967.
I also checked Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co. in person in my
billing operations and they had none in the area on that day. No other
industries are engaged in balloon operations in the area at least as
far as I can ascertain, sorry I could be of no help.

Yours truly,
Terry A. Ritte
Terry A. Ritte

BUY U.S. SAVINGS BONDS REGULARLY ON THE PAYROLL SAVINGS PLAN


- page 88 -

ENTIRE AUDIENCE AT THE OUTDOOR THEATER AT UDORN RTAFB. LT COL SCHOLTZ'S REPORTED FOLLOWS: PARTII. ABOUT 1955'L, 9 NOV 67, I WAS

PAGE 2 RUMHAB0953 UNCLAS

SITTING AT THE UDORN RTAFB OUTDOOR THEATER WHEN MY ATTENTION WAS DISTRACTED TO THE RIGHT OF THE MOVIE SCREEN TOWARDS THE NORTHERN HORIZON BY AN OBJECT WHICH APPEARED TO BE A MULTI-ENGINE AIRCRAFT LEAVING A TRAIL OF FIRE. AS THE OBJECT TRAVERSED THE SKY TO A POINT DIRECTLY OVER THE MOVIE SCREEN TO MY FRONT AND ABOUT 5 DEGREES ABOVE THE HORIZON, I COULD OBSERVE THAT IT WAS A GROUP OF INDIVIDUAL OBJECTS ALL TRAVELING IN THE SAME DIRECTION AND AT THE SAME VELOCITY. I COULD SEE THAT THERE WERE APPROXIMATELY 120 OBJECTS IN THIS SWARM. EACH OBJECT WAS VERY BRIGHT AND THE LARGEST EMITTED A BRILLIANT WHITE LIGHT ABOUT THE SAME MAGNITUDE AS VENUS IN THE NIGHT SKY. EACH OBJECT WAS OF A DIFFERENT SIZE AND BRILLIANCE WITH THE LEAD OBJECT HE LARGEST AND BRIGHTEST. EACH OBJECT WAS LEAVING A THIN TRAIN OF ABOUT 20 DEGREES OF ARC OF A DULL GOLD MATERIAL. THE TIME REQUIRED FOR THE SWARM TO TRANSVERSE FROM NORTHERN HORIZON TO SOUTHERN HORIZON WAS ABOUT ONE AND A HALF TO TWO MINUTES. COURSE OF THE SWARM WAS APPROXIMATELY 130 DEGREES INCLINATION ABOVE THE HORIZON WAS ABOUT 60 DEGREES.

JOHN C. SCHOLTZ LTCOL. 11TRS.
BT


- page 89 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD                                16 Nov 1967

Called Lt Gorman at SPADATS about satellite re-entry. Lt Gorman said that if the object was going from approximately N.W. to S.E., it was object 3027 which is a Cosmos 190 rocket body. Previous re-entry time had been 1203 Z approximately 90 minutes.


- page 90 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

NCTO
UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN : 19246 (29 Nov 67) MRO
INFO : DIA-1, XOP-2, XOK-2, SAFO-3, PDO-4, (13) ADV CY DIA (VIA JCS).

SMB 216FTEZMYU RUHMAB61069 3331846- EEEE--RUETHGA
ZNY EEEEE
R 2918422 NOV 67
FM CINCPACAF
TO RJEDF15/FTDV IDETW/WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
INFO RUEPMAY CSAF7 AFHRC
BT
UNCLAS E F T O DOCOA
SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTING

FOLLOWING USAF MSG IS RETRANSMITTED FOR YOUR INFORMATION, QUOTE:
SUBJ: UFO SIGHTING, MSG IN TWO PARTS. PART I. THE FOLLOWING
REPORT WAS THE MOST DEFINITIVE OF THE MANY RECEIVED CONCERNING
THE SIGHTING OF A UFO. SIGHTINGS WERE REPORTED FROM THE GROUND
AT NKPT AND FROM AIRCRAFT UN FLIGHT AT VARIOUS LOCATIONS
IN EASTERN THAILAND. LTCOL SCHOLTZ HAS HAD PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE
WITH MULTIPLE RE-ENTRY VEHICLES AND IT IS HIS OPINION THAT THE
OBJECTS HE SAW WERE MAV'S. THIS SIGHTING WAS ALSO VIEWED BY THE
ENTIRE AUDIENCE AT THE OUTDOOR THEATER AT UDORN RTAFB. LTCOL
SCHOLTZ REPORT FOLLOWS: PART II. ABOUT 1955L, 9 NOV 67, I WAS
SITTING AT THE UDORN RTAFB OUTDOOR THEATER WHEN MY ATTENTION

AFHQ FORM 0-3096
UNCLASSIFIED


- page 91 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 19346                                                                   Pg 2 of 2

WAS DISTRACTED TO THE RIGHT OF THE MOVIE SCREEN TOWARDS THE
NORTHERN HORIZON BY AN OBJECT WHICH APPEARED TO BE A MULTI-
PAGE 2 RJNHAB0169 UNCLAS E F T O
ENGINE AIRCRAFT LEAVING A TAIL OF FIRE, AS THE OBJECT TRAVERSED
THE SKY TO A POINT DIRECTLY OVER THE MOVIE SCREEN TO MY FRONT AND
ABOUT 50 DEGREES ABOVE THE HORIZON, I COULD OBSERVE THAT IT WAS A
GROUP OF INDIVIDUAL OBJECTS ALL TRAVELING IN THE SAME DIRECTION
AND AT THE SAME VELOCITY. I COULD SEE THAT THERE WERE APPROXIMATELY
12 OBJECTS IN THIS SWARM, EACH OBJECT WAS VERY BRIGHT AND THE LARG-
EST EMITTED A BRILLIANT WHITE LIGHT ABOUT THE SAME MAGNITUDE AS
VENUS IN THE NIGHT SKY. EACH OBJECT THE LARGEST AND BRIGHTEST. EACH
OBJECT WAS LEAVING A THIN TRAIL OF ABOUT 20 DEGREES OF ARC OF A
DULL GOLD MATERIAL. THE TIME REQUIRED FOR THE SWARM TO TRANSVERSE
THE SKY FROM NORTHERN HORIZON TO SOUTHERN HORIZON WAS ABOUT ONE AND
ONE-HALF TO TWO MINUTES. COURSE OF THE SWARM WAS APPROXIMATELY 180
DEGREES INCLINATION ABOVE THE HORIZON WAS ABOUT 60 DEGREES.
UNCL LT COL, 11 TRS.

NWNN

AFHQ                                                                           0-3092
                                                                               JAN 68

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 92 -

Here is the text from the document:

NCIO

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that personal information is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
10     11     67
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day:
2     10
Hours   Minutes

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
BURLINGTON     N.C.
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
15
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? TIMED BY WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY   NIGHT
a. Bright   b. Bright
b. Cloudy   b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at it?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right   f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

Page 1

8. If you saw the object at NIC
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it:
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

11.1 Compare brightness to
LIKE

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or
b. Like a
c. Sharply
d. Don't re

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still or
b. Suddenly speed up or
c. Break up into parts or
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappea


- page 93 -

AIR FORCE UFO FORM

Page 1                                                                  Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                     8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                     a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                    b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                     c. One moonlight-pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                            d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):                         WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                                a. Dry
    b. Hazy                                     b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds                          c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds                     d. Snow
                                                 e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
    a. Solid                                    d. At a light
    b. Transparent                               e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                                 c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                                   d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
    LIKE A LIGHT BULB

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred               e. Other:
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                             (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?        Yes   No   Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes   No   Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?           Yes   No   Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                           Yes   No   Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                        Yes   No   Don't know
    f. Change shape?                             Yes   No   Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                         Yes   No   Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                   Yes   No   Don't know


- page 94 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes   No   Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes   No   Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   HIGH PITCHED WHISTLE SOUND
b. Color:   LIKE A STEEL GRAY

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
HARDLY NOTHING, FOR IT WAS SO CLOSE
1/2

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with an arrow indicating movement]

[The rest of the form contains additional questions about location, observation details, and other specifics, but the text is not fully legible or transcribed.]


- page 95 -

Force UFO form continued

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 150 FT.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other IN FRONT YARD

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

No.

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other:

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object with which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A LARGE DINNER PLATE TURNED UPSIDE DOWN.


- page 96 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time? 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see it too?
31.2 Please list their names: CARL & 
                                 GEORGE

32. Please give the following info:
NAME: ALEX A
ADDRESS: 1902
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
Indicate any additional info: NONE

33. When and to whom did you [rest of text cut off]

The page contains two hand-drawn sketches:
1. A compass-like diagram with angular measurements
2. A sketch showing the movement of multiple objects with dotted lines and X marks


- page 97 -

Force UFO form continued

Page 5                                                                  Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
    N O .

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes    No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes    No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:                            (FORTH #16)
     BURLINGTON, N.C.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
    NAME: [redacted]
    ADDRESS: [redacted]    BURLINGTON    Zone    N.C.
    TELEPHONE NUM: [redacted]    SEX: M

    Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
    NONE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   NO BODY TO.
    Day     Month     Year


- page 98 -

TDPT/UFO  Maj H Quintanilla, Jr/70916/lab/22 Dec 1967

UFO Observation, 11 November 1967

U. S. Weather Bureau         Dayton, Ohio 45401         Toledo, Ohio 43601
Akron, Ohio 44309            Fort Wayne, Indiana 46801  Flint, Michigan 48501

1. The Aerial Phenomena Office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object report from Olmsted (Cleveland) Air Traffic Control Center.

2. They painted an object at approximately 2105 EST on 11 November 1967 that was approximately twenty to twenty-five miles north of Erie. The object traveled in a straight line toward Buffalo at approximately fifty mph. The object was painted by the Cleveland radar for about 1½ hours and vanished from the screen approximately ten miles from Buffalo.

3. Buffalo radar was also tracking the object and it disappeared from their screen at approximately ten miles from Buffalo.

4. Were any balloons launched from your station that might be responsible for this sighting? Do you know of any other agency launching balloons in your area?

Any assistance you can provide is appreciated.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate


- page 99 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form cc

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12   11   62
    (Day   Month   Year)

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Does in Neighbor Hood Stretching Backing
and quit when it left.
one airplane flew by while watching
object in sky. Airplane was higher
up than object and I could hear
airplane motor. UFO. Gave off
a high pitched sound like a
Tuning fork.


- page 100 -

TDPT (UZO) Maj Quintanilla/70916/mhs/9 Apr 68
UFO Photographs

Los Angeles, California 90016

1. This replies to your letter of January 22, 1963. With regards to the beautiful pictures which you submitted, I am happy to state that the images which have been a cause of concern to you are nothing more than lens flares. Lens flares are a natural photographic phenomena which is caused by artificial light on the iris diaphragm.

2. Enclosed is a picture which was submitted to the project office and depicts the same phenomenon.

3. Thank you for letting the project office retain your pictures; we will put them to good use.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
Lens Flare Photograph


- page 101 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA 90016
Telephone:

January 22, 1968

Project Bluebook
Wright-Patterson Air Base,
Dayton, Ohio.

Gentlemen:

On November 11, 1967, while on a visit to Mexico, I took some night pictures of the Normark to the Independence, sometimes called "The Canal." Now being sure to what occurred would be best, I took a series of four pictures, each one at a different aperture but at the same speed, 1/25". The apertures were f.6, f.6.3, f.6.6, and f.4.8.

The camera was a Zeiss Ikon Contaflex with a 50 mm f/2.8 Tessar lens. The camera was on a tripod so that all pictures were taken from the same position with all factors being the same except the exposure of the diaphragm.

Since there was considerable traffic both on the Avenida de la Reforma and on the north-south cross street, (it being about nine o'clock on a Saturday night), my chief concern was to expose the pictures when there was a minimum of traffic movement on either street. Hence, once the scene was positioned and the monument framed on the ground glass, I said no further attention to it but only to the traffic below. My sequence of exposure was as follows: watch for a lull in the movement of traffic, or cars; transport the film from Mexico, change the aperture; watch for a lull in traffic, etc. until all four exposures had been made.

It was my surprise, when projecting the pictures as received from the return processors, to note the presence of two strange looking objects that seemed to be moving near the top of the monument. I am further surprised to note that in each exposure those objects were in a slightly different position to the monument and to each other. Moreover, they also varied in their relation to the vertical plane of the monument. This variation, it should be noted, is not one of a constant progression. For exposure one to four, but is one that changes much and forth.

I have been at a loss to explain this phenomenon as have also been others who have seen the pictures, including among those who have been engineers. Many theories have been propounded. All of them have seemed to be more or less acceptable except perhaps, perhaps, for one little detail or two that just didn't fit into the theory. All of us have been agreed, however, that these pictures might be of interest to you. Hence, my sending you these comments, and if your interest is such that you would like to know further details, I shall be glad to send the original slides also.


- page 102 -

Project Bluebook                                                 page 2

I must say in all candor that I did not personally see those objects in the sky. Neither can I say that they weren't there. Frankly, I was not concerned with looking either at the monument or at the sky above it, once that I had framed it through the viewfinder which, because of the small size of the ground glass, would not have permitted me to see the objects even if they were there. I was, actually, more concerned with the flow of traffic below.

However, I have been greatly puzzled by the sharpness of the objects' outline and by their peculiar shape. If they should be reflections, they are not "reflections of light" as such, which, to my knowledge, is to be found on or near the monument. Moreover, the objects are of a reddish hue and there is nothing else in the picture or in the originals, save the traffic lights or the taillights on the automobiles.

Rather there were objects there or not, I cannot say. I wish that I could positively say so and thereby be eligible to belong to that select group who have actually seen U.Fo.s. But honestly, alas, "prevents my doing so. ...If I can sort is what the camera recorded even though I myself didn't see the objects.

The pictures you may keep and add them to what must be now a sizable file of reported U.Os. If you have any explanation for this phenomenon, I would certainly be very happy to hear from you. Even though I have been greatly puzzled, as have also been all others who have seen the pictures, I am convinced that there must be some kind of reasonable explanation for the apparent presence of those objects.

Yours truly,
[Signature redacted]


- page 103 -

This case includes
seven (7) 8x10 Color Photos
Four (4) 4x5 " "
Two (2) 4x5 " Negatives


- page 104 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rocket or missile launch, with a winged or angelic figure statue positioned at the top of a column or launch structure. The rocket/missile is shown with exhaust or smoke billowing from its base during launch.


- page 105 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rocket or missile launch. The rocket is tall and white, with a figure or statue at the top of a column or pedestal. The rocket is surrounded by smoke or exhaust, suggesting it is in the process of launching. The background is dark and grainy, typical of a vintage photograph. At the bottom of the image, there appear to be some objects or structures, possibly launch pad equipment or vehicles.


- page 106 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rocket or missile launch. The rocket is tall and slender, with a bright white plume of exhaust/flame at its base. At the top of the rocket, there appears to be a small figure or object. The launch seems to be taking place on a launch pad with some structures or vehicles visible at the bottom of the image. The photograph has a grainy, high-contrast quality typical of mid-20th century documentation.


- page 107 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a monument or memorial. At the top of a tall column is a winged figure or statue, possibly an angel or symbolic figure. The column rises from a broad base with what seems to be a fountain or water feature at its bottom, with streams or jets of water erupting outward. The background is grainy and dark, giving the image a vintage or historical quality. Some smaller structures or elements can be seen on the sides of the base of the monument.


- page 108 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a rocket or missile launch. The image shows a tall vertical structure with a winged or bird-like figure at the top, launching with significant smoke and exhaust at the base. The launch appears to be taking place on a launch pad with some structures or vehicles visible at the bottom of the image. The photograph has a grainy, vintage quality typical of mid-20th century space or military documentation.


- page 109 -

