PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE OF OBSERVATION: 17 Mar 67 24

2. LOCATION: PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA

10. CONCLUSION: PDD Form 164 forwarded to witness; not returned after thirty days. Will re-evaluate if received.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Information not sufficient for investigation. (See Case file)


- page 1 -

U.F.O. REPORT

DATE of sighting-Friday, March 17, 1967

TIME- sometime after 7 P.M. and ending at exactly 7:20 P.M.

Occasion for travel-week-end trip from Summerhill, Pa. to Williamsport, Pa.

Trip made by automobile - Route 220

Passengers: [redacted], 49, operator
[redacted], wife, sitting on passenger side, front.
[redacted], 10 1/2, behind father, rear seat
[redacted], 10 1/2, middle rear seat
[redacted], 1 1/2, behind mother, rear seat

Comments- No one using any drug which would interfere with proper brain or eye function.
Absolutely no beer or liquor consumed.

Commentary:

A bright, oblong shaped light above Bald Eagle Ridge drew my attention. I commenced to my husband that I took like a giant light which would have to be atop a tower. Gross, my son, looked and said that he believed it was a very large star. The light was stationary so we finally came breast of it and observed that it was too low, brilliant, and large to be a star. At this moment I light flashed out of the object, so as said. It appeared to be something solid rather than a key because as the flash neared the ground a black space appeared between it and the object.

We kept on traveling, the object seemed stationary but stayed in view. After a while the light started to dim until the thing actually resembled a star in size but now instead of being so brilliant, it was dull, yellow-orange.

We were commenting that it must be a U.F.O. because of the way it was acting when the thing began to move rapidly through the sky, in our direction. It passed through open space and moved a straight toward a star. (It still looked the same size as a star but the color was still orange-yellow) when it got to the right of our car and almost overhead, the small orange-yellow spot disappeared and as it did a giant, round, pink light appeared in its place.

It started out as a light pink and gradually increased in color intensity until it was a bright, deep rose. We had the windows side open and had no inconvenience from glass reflection or distortion as we watched. After the huge, rose-colored thing, we saw an area around it and we could make out a dim shape. "Look!" we were exclaiming, "that red light is not the whole source, it is just part of a larger thing." As we were saying this a sort, white light gradually outlined the shape almost at the edges. It illuminated more of the middle of the object while giving the very perimeter a soft dark outline.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

page 2

I will explain the way the lights went on this way-when you snap on a near light you will notice that it does not give off full illumination for several seconds. That is how the pink light acted and what is how they acted.

At this time we could see the entire ship and we were not recovered from this thrill when a dark red light seemed to SNAP on directly. Then immediately another dark red light SWAPPED on directly in front of the pink light. The pink light was about 20 ft. long and looked the same size as the other two red lights. Because it was not headed away from us I cannot say positively that this light had diminished in size until it was the same size as the other two red lights or if it was because of its position. I just looked as if it had. I may lose sight of the ship and I ask my husband to stop the car but we were nearing a town and he said the road was too narrow to pull to the side without taking a chance of causing a wreck. The kids in the back seat had not lost sight of it because they could swirl around and they stared to object when they heard me asking Jim to stop because they said the ship was following us. I looked around and caught one glimpse of it headed in our direction. Then the kids said all the lights turned off and they couldn't see the object anymore. By that time we were at the stop-light which is located in a small town near MILL.

The observation of the light and small orange-yellow ball lasted for my maybe 15 minutes but after the object started to move and change I would estimate that it was only a matter of between one to two minutes before it disappeared.

The lights, once they came on, did not blink but remained steady.

The light was under constant observation from the moment it was noticed and there is no chance that we could have gotten on light mixed-up with anything else which could have been in the sky.

Several commercial planes appeared right after the object moved and one passed to be on a course which crossed where the object had been when it was stationary.

I have made this as plain as I could and I have enclosed drawings because I realize that my description may not be as clear as I want it to be.

I will gladly answer any questions you may have.

Summerhill, Pa. 15958

Report and drawings Ser
Property of

Summerhill, Pa.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

2. Saw something shoot out of light toward ground.

3. Started to fade

4. Got smaller
   Changed color to
   dull orange-yellow

A.4.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

moved rapidly
toward star
Orange-pinkish light
went out

Large light pink
light appeared

light turned dark
pink and shape of
craft started to
appear.

white light
appeared around
edge, illuminating
middle of craft
and giving a soft black
border.

Moved slowly


- page 5 -

Undercarriage

White
light

Dark
Rim

Dark red light (1) SNAPPED on. (Dark Red) then
" " " (2) " " Dark Red and
Center light turned turned Dark Red and size
COALGITANG appeared same as 1 and 3

Lights did NOT flicker or glash of and on.

A.


- page 6 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    TDSY/UFO

SUBJECT:    UFO Observation, 17 March 1967

TO:         Summersville, Pennsylvania 15958

                6 March 1967

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 7 -

FEDERAL AVIATION AGENCY
General Aviation District Office
Room 200-Administration Building
Harrisburg-York State Airport
New Cumberland, Pennsylvania 17070

IN REPLY
REFER TO:

March 29, 1967

Commanding Officer
Olmsted Air Force Base
Middletown, Pennsylvania 17057

Attention: Lt. Col. Russell

Dear Sir:

Enclosed find two copies of report on Unidentified
Flying Object incident which occurred March 17, 1967, in
Centre County, Pennsylvania. Please forward this UFO report
to the proper authorities. Your cooperation in this matter
will be appreciated.

Sincerely yours,

R. E. Wert
Supervising Inspector

Enclosures - 2


- page 8 -

HEADQUARTERS
PENNSYLVANIA STATE POLICE
MONTOURSVILLE, PA.

FROM        : James W. Summerson, Tpr., Aviation Inspector, P. S. P., Montoursville

TO          : John C. Grey, Capt., S. C., Troop "G", P. S. P., Montoursville

SUBJECT     : UFO (Unidentified Flying Object)

Reference   : (a) Signed statement of Mrs. _________, Summerhill, 
               Penna. 1958, Complaint.

Enclosure   : Reference (a).

The following is a report of an UFO (unidentified flying object), com-
plained of by _________, Incident No. F1-10517, Summerhill, Penna. 1958, phone South

Complainant reported on 17 Mar 57, between 1900-1920 hours, while travel-
ing east on U. S. route #220, between Howald, Centre Co., Penna., and Will Hall, Clinton 
Co., Penna., observed an UFO along the ridge of 2nd Eagle Mountain.

U. S. route #220 runs parallel to mountain, in general direction NE-SW. Eleva-
tion of mountain approximately 1500' from valley floor. Highway located approximately 2-3 
miles from base of mountain. There are no farms or buildings located on top of mountain 
nor navigable aids however there are several TV antennas, mountain is south of US #220.

Check with Lock Haven airport revealed no local flying nor were there any 
transit traffic during the time mention.

Original statement forward to PAC (Penna. Aero. Commission) to be turned 
over to the proper authorities.

Copy of statement forward to FAA-AADO, Harrisburg, Penna.

Respectfully submitted
[Signature]
Tpr James W. Summerson
Troop "G", S. S. P.
Montoursville, Penna.


- page 9 -

U.F.O. REPORT

DATE of sighting-Friday, March 17, 1967

TIME: sometime after 7 P.M. and ending at exactly 7:20 P.M.

Occasion for travel-week-end trip from Summershill, Pa. to Williamsport, Pa.

Trip made by automobile - Route 220

Passengers: [Redacted], 59, operator
[Redacted], 36, sitting on passenger side, front
[Redacted], 12 1/2, behind father, rear seat
[Redacted], 10 1/2, middle rear seat
[Redacted], 13 1/2, behind mother, rear seat

Comments- No one using any drugs which would interfere with proper train or eye function.
Absolutely no beer or liquor consumed.

Commentary-Jean Gallardi

A bright, oblong shaped light above Bald Eagle Ridge drew my attention. I commented to my husband that it looked like a giant light which would have to be a tower. Gross, my son, looked and said that he believed it was a very large star. The light was stationary so we finally come abreast of it and observed that it was too high to be on top of a tower but that it was too low, brilliant, and large to be a star. At this moment a light flashed out of the object, as we could see, appeared to be something solid rather than a ray because as the flash neared the ground a black space appeared between it and the object.

We kept on traveling, the object seemed stationary but stayed in view. After a while the light started to dim until the thing actually resembled a star in size but now instead of being so brilliant it was dull, yellow-orange.

We were commenting that it must be a U.F.O. because of the way it was acting when this thing began to move rapidly through the sky. In our direction. It passed through a open space area moved straight toward a star. (It still looked the same size as a very small black color was still orange-yellow) When it got to the right of our car and almost overhead the small orange-yellow spot disappeared and as it did a giant, round, pink light appeared in its place.

It started out as a light pink and gradually increased in color intensity until it was a bright, deep rose. We had the windows on the passenger side down and no interference or distortion as we watched. After the huge, rose reflection or distortion, it was just a full, illuminated "thing". We could make out a dim shape. "Look!" we were exclaiming, "That red light is not the whole source, it is just part of a larger thing." As we were saying this a soft, white light gradually outlined the shape almost at the edge. It illuminated zone of the middle of the object while giving the very center a soft dark outline.


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

page 2

I will explain the way the lights went on this way-when you snap on a neon light you will notice that it does not give off a full illumination for several seconds. That is how the pink light acted and that is how the white light acted.

At this time we could see the entire ship and we were not recovered from this thrill when a dark red light seemed to SNAP on directly behind the large pink one. Then immediately another dark red light SHARPED on directly in front of the pink light. The pink light was now dark red and looked the same size as the other two red lights. Because it was now headed away from us I cannot say positively that the middle light had diminished in size until it was the same size as the other two red lights. In this position it was just looked as if it had lost sight of the ship and I ask my husband to step the car up but he was hearing the town and he said the road was too narrow to pull to the side without taking a chance of causing a wreck. The kids said not look at it because they could swivel around and they started to object when they heard me asking Jim to stop because they said the kids were following us. I looked around and caught one glimpse of it headed in our direction. Then the kids said all the lights turned off and they couldn't see the object anymore. By this time we were at the stop-light which is located in a small town named MILLALL.

The observation of the light and small orange-yellow ball lasted for maybe ten minutes but after the object started to move and change I would estimate that it was only a matter of between one to two minutes before it disappeared.

The lights, once they came on, did not blink but remained steady.

The light was under constant observation from the moment it was noticed and-there is no chance that we could have gotten on liked mixed-up with anything else which could have been in the sky.

Several commercial planes appeared right after the object moved and passed of course on a course which crossed where the object had been when it was stationary.

I have made this as plain as I could and I have enclosed drawing because I realize that my description may not be as clear as I want it to be.

I will gladly answer any questions you may have.

[Signature location]
Summerhill, Pa. 15958
[Phone number redacted]

Report and drawings for
Property [redacted]
Summerhill, Pa.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

2. Saw something shoot out of light toward ground.

3. Started to fade

4. Got smaller. Changed color to dull orange-yellow

At the bottom right of the page is the notation "4-4"

The document appears to be a series of observations or stages of an unidentified flying object, with simple line drawings accompanying each numbered observation.


- page 12 -

Moved rapidly
toward star
Orange-yellow light
went out

Large light pink
light appeared

Light turned dark
pink and shape of
craft started to
appear

White light
appeared around
edge illuminating
middle & giving a
soft black
border

Moved slowly


- page 13 -

Dark red light (1) SNAPPED on; (Dark Red) then
" " (2) " "

Center light turned Dark Red and a size
(ORIGINALS) appeared same as 1 and 3

Lights did NOT flicker or slash on and on.

[The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an object with three circular lights, labeled with "white light" and "dark rim"]


- page 14 -

HEADQUARTERS
Troop "F"
PENNSYLVANIA STATE POLICE
MONTOURSVILLE, PA

FROM     : James W. Summerson, Tpr., Aviation Inspector, P. S. P., Montoursville

TO       : John C. Grey, Capt., C. C., Troop "F", P. S. P., Montoursville

SUBJECT  : UFO (Unidentified Flying Object)

Reference : (a) Signed statement of Mrs. [redacted] Summerwill, Penna. 15958, Complainant.

Enclosure : Reference (a).

The following is a report of an UFO (unidentified flying object), complaint Mrs. [redacted] Summerwill, Penna. 15958, phone South [redacted]. Incident No. P1-10517.

Complainant reported on 17 Mar 67, between 1900-1920 hours, while traveling east on U. S. route #220, between Howard, Centre Co., Penna., and Hill Hall, Clinton Co., Penna., observed an UFO along the ridge of Bald Eagle Mountain.

U. S. route #220 runs parallel to mountain, in general direction NE-SW. Elevation of mountain approximately 1500' from valley floor. Highway located approximately 2-3 miles from base of mountain. There are no farms or buildings located on top of mountain nor navigation aids however there are several TV antennas. Mountain is south of US 220.

Check with Lock Haven airport revealed no local flying nor were there any transit traffic during the time mentions.

Original statement forward to PAC (Penna. Aerc. Commission) to be turned over to the proper authorities.

Copy of statement forward to FAA-GADO, Harrisburg, Penna.

Respectfully submitted
[Signature of] James W. Summerson
Tpr. James W. Summerson
Troop "F", P. S. P.
Montoursville, Penna.


- page 15 -

