PROJECT 10073 RECORD

2. LOCATION
Grand bank road and I-75, Michigan

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
From moving auto

7. COURSE
North

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[XX] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[XX] No

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer sighted an object that was as bright as a mercury vap-
or lamp. The object "whitish-yellow and looked like an upside
down plate.

Comments: The case was not submitted until Feb 68 at which
time it was too late to investigate.

FORM
FTD IP 69-0329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

USAF SIGHTING QUESTIONNAIRE*

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the US Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Mid August 1967

2. Time of day:
10:5 Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Intersection of North Hills Road and I-75

Nearest Postal Address                City or Town                    State or County
                                                                        30

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours       Minutes       Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined?   read & destroy traveled
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

A-2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Very Bright - as Bright as a morning star/lamp

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
    Blinked out. Light

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: [blank]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
    (Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: [blank]

17. Tell me a few words the following things about the object:
    a. Sound    None
    b. Color    Whitish yellow

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
    All of it

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple sketch of an elongated object with arrows indicating movement is drawn]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

A-4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 900 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? from 1 mile away when first seen to 5 miles away - then about 2 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other-

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 70 miles per hour

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Wind shield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text appears to be partially obscured/illegible]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Handwritten text: Object traveled in straight line at left past wing from me.]

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document also contains a compass rose diagram and a sketch showing elevation angles from 0° to 90° with a landscape and horizon line.


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

A-6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER                   AGE 66   SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
former private pilot

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day             Month             Year

The rest of the personal details are blacked out/redacted.


- page 7 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   28   January   1968
                                                    Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The object flew past an airplane which had just taken off from Bickley Airport (Flight Omit). It appeared higher than the airplane, and was traveling at a much greater speed. The plane lost effect were both fading away. The object flew past the plane and then disappeared from view. The plane was in view 30 seconds approximately after the object disappeared.


- page 8 -

