PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
1-9 Mar 67

2. SOURCE
Civilian

3. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

5. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual (VR)

6. COURSE
Not Reported

7. LOCATION
Princeton, Somerville, New Jersey (3 witnesses)

8. PHOTOS
[X] No
[ ] Yes

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (AIRCRAFT)
No data presented to indicate object could not have been an aircraft.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated the first time he viewed the object he mistook the object as a cloud, -later Saturn and Venus. However nothing more than a light was observed. The light moved slowly up and down, and from side to side. The light was viewed by another observer, also the object disc shaped with a series of complex lights. The bright light was attributed to some sort of powerful beacon device on the craft. On another occasion the one observer while at his home in his backyard noted on a several light that all illuminated his whole backyard. He stated almost immediately the objects bright light beam switched off, leaving only a small, non blinking light visible.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Aircraft (Possible)

March 9, 1967
Somerville R D 1, N.J.

Major Hector Quintinilla, U S A F
Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Air Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir,

I am writing "Project Blue Book" to inform you of an aerial phenomenon in the area between Princeton and Somerville, New Jersey for the past 8 days. One--and on occasion two----brightly lit objects have been observed at high altitude over this area. When first sighted on Wednesday, March First, I mistook the object as a planet--either Saturn or Venus.

However, the light moved slowly up and down, and from side to side. I am employed at a radio station in Princeton, and I found out the next morning that the same object was observed by our transmitter engineer, who was located at the antenna farm atop Mount Rose in Hopewell Township, Mercer county----about 10 air miles from my location(8 miles south of Somerville and 12 miles north of Princeton.) The engineer viewed the lights through a very good pair of German prismatic binoculars, and informed me that he made out a definite disc shape, and a complex series of lights on the object. The bright light was attributed to some sort of powerful beacon device on the craft's underside.

I still was unconvinced, until Saturday night--March 4th. The ceiling was very low--maybe 10 hundred feet. We are on a number of flight paths and all aircraft was operating above the weather. Of course, no stars were visible at all. However, at midnight and until 12:30 ayem, I observed the "light" at a distance of maybe 5 to 10 miles--and operating well under the ceiling. I awoke again at 2 or 3 ayem to look for the object, and it was snowing quite heavily and the object was no longer visible.

On Sunday night, the area was socked in by heavy fog, and nothing was visible more than a few hundred feet.

The object was again visible to me on monday, tuesday, wednesday, and thursday nite(as this is being written, in fact.)

The most interesting event occurred at approximately 6:40 pyem on Wednesday night. I stepped out into my backyard and saw the object directly over head, at an altitude of perhaps 5 to ten miles. I switched on a powerful light that illuminates my backyard. Almost immediately,

(more)


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

page two

- the object's bright beam switched off--leaving only a small, non blinking light visible. The weak light remained turned on, and the powerful bluish-white light did not re appear.

A short time later, I arrived at Princeton University for a live broadcast from the campus. As I was chatting with our chief engineer, a very powerful orange light appeared in the sky over the Princeton area, then dipped back down over the horizon. The phenomenon was also witnessed by the chief engineer--whom I pointed it out to. Later on Wednesday night, I saw the orange light at relatively low altitude and at a range of perhaps 5 miles.

Incidentally, our night time transmitter engineer also saw the object on each of these occasions, but from a vantage point 10 miles from my location.

Being a professional newsman, I looked for a possible explanation.
I called P I O at McGuire A F B to ask if any new type V T O L's might be operating in the area. They said absolutely not--that experimental craft do not normally use the facilities at McGuire.

When I suggested that I write to Blue Book, they agreed it might be a good idea. Incidentally, I am interested in aviation, and am familiar with most types of aircraft flying. I am quite convinced that at no time was I observing a conventional aircraft, a satellite, or any star, planet, or meteor.

Another employ of the radio station says he saw the object at very low altitude last Wednesday night over the city of Trenton. With him at the time were several Trenton city policemen and members of a local rescue squad. The altitude was estimated at no more than 500 feet. They also say that two F-106's from McGuire suddenly appeared and appeared to pursue the object.

That is about all I can relate about the incident. I can say that I have carefully checked each local police department in the area, and found they have received no reports from area residents. I think I know why. The object does not make any rapid or exaggerated movements, and appears to be trying to make itself as inconspicuous as possible(re the business with dimming the lights when I turned on mine.)

As for myself, I am 32 years old and have a college education. I am vaguely familiar with airplanes, having flown a little while in college. I have informed my local police department of these happenings, but apparently they have not yet seen the object. (more)


- page 3 -

page three

Frankly, I don't see how they could miss it.(Then again, maybe they have
seen it since I reported it Sunday night.)
Admit'tedly, my sighting is not the best. At no time have I been
able to make out the shape that goes with the lights. I have only seen the
object at very high altitude, and from a distance. I do not have either
a telescope or a pair of binoculars.
Incidentally, there were several good sightings in this general area
last fall, although I did not see any of them myself. They were generally
10 miles north of my location.
I hope this will be of some value to your work. Being a newsman, I am
not easily shaken, but I do think some additional study should be made
of all unexplained aerial phenomena.

Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]


- page 4 -

