PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 11/21/64
2. LOCATION: Brooklyn, New York (1 Witness)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: W
8. PHOTOS: Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: AIRCRAFT (with/afterburner)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: First object was umbrella or bell shaped, second was spherical shape. Objects seemed in red. Objects had a bright diffey light (flame) for 4-5 seconds duration. Fiery object died out and objects moved out of sight.


- page 1 -

A/C (with afterburner) 11 Mar 67
Brooklyn, N.Y.

A. Description of the Object(s):

1. Shape: Umbrella or bell, elongated. Second object spherical.

2. Size compared to a know object: An open umbrella 15-20 yards from observer
A grapefruit 15-20 yards from observer

3. Color: dim red

4. Number: two

5. Formation, if more than one: Smaller object was slightly to right of larger one.

6. Any discernible features or details: Large object appeared to be solid with prolonged top and clearly visible contours.

7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): Bright fiery light (flame) for 4-5 seconds duration. Died out and objects moved out of sight.

8. Sound; if heard, describe sound: None

9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):

1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): Glanced up in sky and noticed large reddish object.

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed:
30° above the horizon.

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance:
20° above the horizon.


- page 2 -

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s): Due west after hovering for :02.

5. How did the object(s) disappear: Moved out of sight.

6. How long (were) the object(s) visible: Two minutes.

C. Manner of Observation:
1. Ground - visual
2. Optical Aids: None
3. N/A

D. Time and Date of Sighting:
1. Zulu time-date group of sighting: 11 March 1967/2145-2200Z
2. Light conditions: Late afternoon.

E. Location of Observer(s): Playground: 23rd Street between 4 and 5th Avenue, Brooklyn, New York

F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
1. Military or Civilian: Civilian
2. Name: Mr. [redacted]
3. Age: 74
4. Mailing Address: [redacted], Brooklyn, NY 11232
5. Occupation: Lawyer and judge, retired
6. Estimate of Reliability: Poor

2


- page 3 -

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:

1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions: scattered clouds, good visibility.

2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office:
N/A

3. Ceiling:

4. Visibility:

5. Amount of cloud cover:

6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located:

7. Vertical temperature gradient:

H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition: None

I. Interception or Identification Action Taken: None

3


- page 4 -

Brooklyn March 16, 1967

Commander Stewart
Air Force Base
New York-12554

Dear Sir:

According to one of the latest issues of Look-revue entitled "Flying Saucers", I found on page 62 of this issue the summon to report to the United States Air Force Base the sightings which are with all probability the so called UFO-s.

I don't use the official US Air Force UFO form given in the Look, but I try to write down what I have seen.

On March 11 Saturday in the afternoon I returned home with the bus line Nr.63 from Shore Road (Verrazzano bridge) along the 5th Avenue in Southbrooklyn. I descended from the bus near the 23-d Street and began to walk home along the 23-d Street (between the 5th and 4th Avenues). It was about 4:45 or 5 PM as I walked close to the playground between 5th and 4th Ave- in that spot I had a good survey (Uberblick) to the western side of the sky. At once I noticed a big reddish object in the sky- direction South-West- under the angle about 30° with my horizon line. The sky was not completely cloudy with a blue sky looking among the clouds (scattered clouds)-the dim disc of the sun was at the left of the object. This object looked like a big (solid) umbrella with prolongated-top and clearly visible contours- with the top inclined to the west- it had the appearance of a big bell-the color was "dim red". The size of it was following: If You take an open umbrella (with prolongate top like a bell) and put it in the distance of about 15-20 yards in front of You-it was the size of this enorme dim-red object among the clouds. But some inches to the right side of the big object I noticed a small one-round, big as a big grape-fruit (seen in the distance of 15-20 yards from you)-dim-red.


- page 5 -

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic
or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting:
Description and action of objects does not correspond to any know objects, however,
the areas has high density air traffic.

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
CAPT STEPHEN LEVINE
Rated Pilot/Navigator
Det 1, 4650th Combat Support Squadron
Stewart AFB, New York

A sighting over New York City of the magnitude and duration that Mr. [redacted] described would have initiated many reports from that area; this is the only one
that has been received by this installation. It appears that Mr. [redacted] is
under the influence of a recent article in "LOOK" Magazine and of the London
edition of "Flying Saucer Review" of which he is a subscriber. During my
conversation with him, his description of his sighting would evolve into what
he had read and not actually saw. He gave the impression of an elderly
gentlemen, a stranger in this country without any family and seeking a little
attention.

I have enclosed a copy of his letter to the Base Commander at Stewart AFB, NY.

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:

4


- page 6 -

I observed both objects about 2 minutes and therefore I could clearly see the form and size of them-both were in the south-western direction with Verrazano bridge far to the left and with dim sun disc between them-both objects were above Staten Island but I am sure that they were many many miles ahead.After my about 2 minutes observation the small round object began to shine with a bright fiery red light (as a bright flame)it shone so about 4-5 seconds-then the light extinguished at once-both objects became dim and they began to withdraw in the direct line from me very rapidly-they diminished in the rapid manner and disappeared.

I am deeply convinced that both objects were UFO-s.I am trying to give the possible realistic description of that what "I have seen" without any unnecessary additions.

My personalia are following: I am 74 years old, former judge and lawyer in Europe before the war, now I am working as organist in the church in Southbrooklyn,God thanks mentally healthy, I am subscriber of "Flying Saucer Review" from London since 6-7 years and I am very alert for all UFO apparitions.

I don't read or watch any so called "Science Fiction" (TV).

Please excuse that I am bothering You-and my poor english too-personally I am deeply convinced in the existence of the extraterrestrial flying machines which are visiting and watching our Earth.

Please accept from me the words of my deepest esteem
Sincerely yours

Brooklyn N.Y. 11232


- page 7 -

