The image does not contain any photographs. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

PROJECT 10079 RECORD
1. DATI: TIME GROUP 
30 JUN 67 - 31/01152 
3. SOURCE
51 114 an
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
8. MOTION
12-YES
2. LOCATION
Wilsonville, Alabama  (3 Witness)
10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT
No data presented to indicate object could not have been an aircraft. Object moved in a straight path. The color of object was a bright red at all times. Object started blinking, then it climbed it got smaller.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a form containing various questions related to an observed UFO incident.

Page 4
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you see at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One)
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Theodolite Yes No
f. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 2 -

The image contains a diagram showing the horizon (skyline) and the position of an object or objects above it at various angles. There is also a compass rose diagram showing the different directions. The text in the image appears to be instructions or questions related to the diagrams.

Since the image does not contain any human faces, I will proceed to extract the text from the document as requested:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are the observer at the point shown. Place a "B" on the same curved line as the horizon (skyline) where you first saw the object. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object. Show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before.  If so, give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  Yes  No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)  Yes  No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED] 
AGE: [REDACTED]
SEX: [REDACTED]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
_____  Day  _____  Month  _____  Year

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire or form with questions and blank space for the respondent to provide information.

The text visible in the image is:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day 21 Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

(Blank space provided for the respondent to write their additional information)

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

One of my sightings was February 1946. It was about 9:30 P.M. and I was standing outside observing the sky. It was a red luminous body a little larger than a first size star in the south east. It was stationary for about 5 or 10 minutes. It then started moving slowly towards the north. It kept on going toward the north. When it was in the north, it was a lot bigger and brighter. It then started getting smaller and dimmer. After a while I barely made out a faint white light in the north the USS Convoy was supposed to be. I wonder how long it had been traveling. About the time it got in the east it started pulsating. The motion was erratic or irregular. It kept on going toward the north. It kept on going toward the north. When it was in the north, it was a lot bigger and brighter. It then started getting smaller and dimmer. After a while I barely made out a faint white light in the north the USS Convoy was supposed to be. I saw it for about 15 minutes. There was no vapor trail and no sound.
If the previous one was approx. 12 miles an hour. If they were a real object. If they were a real object.
Sarah

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Sighted as about square - west maybe north of west. Saw 2 lights. Blinking strange. 13 minutes or 15 minutes. Left to right movement 30 seconds to a minute. About 25 to 30 seconds. When they got in the west it went down to east like a plane, but brighter and larger. It was about 50 feet off the ground. Husband called his friends. They were about 5 miles away from Wilsonville, Alabama. They saw the object came out of the east, passed overhead and went into the west. It was a little cloudy but they could see it. They were watching it for about 13 to 15 minutes.

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

According to the text in the document, the observer saw what they described as "objects" in the sky. They mentioned that these objects "seemed to hover for a moment", then "they seemed shiny" and that "they seemed to travel very fast in a straight line". The observer also noted that the objects were "about two-to-three feet in diameter", and that "they seemed to maneuver" in the sky. The text does not provide any names or identify any individuals.

- page 8 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph, but rather an envelope with the address "Project Blue Book, Geophysics Division, Air Force Cambridge Research Laboratories, Washington, D.C. 20330" written on it.

Project Blue Book
Geophysics Division
Air Force Cambridge Research Laboratories
Washington, D.C. 20330

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
TDBET/UFO                                 15 March 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 10 Feb 67

TO: [Redacted]
Wilsonville, Alabama 35186

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. However, we have processed the information from 16 Feb and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
AFD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which is a questionnaire form used to gather information about unidentified aerial phenomena sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as accurately as possible. Your name will be kept confidential and will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that if it is desired necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 7:30 hours 
     (Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific 5. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    Rt. Seal Address: Wilsonville, Alabama
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours 6 Minutes 5 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? To the best of my judgment
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky?
     DAY: Partly Cloudy NIGHT: a. Clear b. Hazy c. Clouds
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your left d. To your right e. Don't remember

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

6. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. None
b. Faint
c. Many
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Other _________
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes  No  Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes  No  Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes  No  Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes  No  Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes  No  Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes  No  Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes  No  Don't know

- page 12 -

The image does not appear to contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, with various questions and text fields to be filled out by the witness.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one.) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one.) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the hand of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match? (Approximately what fraction or what percent?)
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, propulsions, etc., and specifically exhaust trails or vapor trails.

- page 13 -

