The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from a Project Blue Book record, which appears to be a report form about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 31 Mar 67
2. LOCATION: Bayshore, Long Island, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: None Stated
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual (EX)
7. COURSE: Straight
8. PHOTOS: 0 Yes 
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes 
10. CONCLUSION: BALLOON (Hot Air)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer stated that the object was yellowish-orange. Object was described to be looking like a hamburger.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report.

SAFOICC/Mrs Cassel/Jad/79079/15 May 67

MAY 16 1967

Dear Mrs. [REDACTED],

Reference your recent letter concerning your unusual observation of March 31, 1967.

I want to assure you that the Air Force has never called anyone to report a "secret" or honest observation of something sighted in the sky. When the Air Force decides to investigate a UFO report, this is done quietly as not to excite public interest in the individual. For this reason we do not release the names of observers without their permission.

The description of your sighting is very consistent with those reported of hot air balloons. The Air Force has been plagued with reports of unidentified objects which turn out to be a variety of known objects such as aircraft, balloons, and satellites. In flight, balloons often appear to provide a platform for candles of some type. This is, of course, only a possible explanation; however, your description is quite similar to past reports which have been positively identified as hot air balloons.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Bayshore, Long Island, New York 11706

COORDINATED BY: SAFOICC

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document containing handwritten text.

WRITE 
BETTER
POSSIBLE MAY 8 12 
BULLDOG

Sunday April 2, 1967
Bayshore, L.I. N.Y.

Gentlemen:

I write to you today with nerves on edge for two reasons. 
First, I don't relish being called a "nut", and second, I don't relish
wasting my time writing this if only to be casually tossed into the 
garbage can. I decided to write ONLY because it might serve to substantiate someone else's report on seeing the same thing I saw. So here it 
is.

On Friday, March 31, 1967, I was driving Southeast on a 
straight road called, North Thompson Drive here in Bayshore. High in the 
sky almost straight ahead of me was a seemingly bright star except that
it was yellowish-orange. I have never seen a star so big or one colored 
like that before, (and I am one who loves to star-gaze).

I watched it the best I could while still driving but could
not determine whether it was moving until I made the turn to my home and
stopped my car. It was moving, all right, very steadily and slowly in a 
straight line coming in what I believe was a Northeasterly direction.

I called to my daughter, aged 11, to run for her binoculars.
(Very cheap and children binoculars). They helped me only a little, but
I saw through them two colors instead of the orangey color. Distinctly
red and white. My eyes were tired from work that day so the object only
took on a blurry shape which was like that of an egg allied lengthwise
and viewed from the side. 

Both of my daughters, (my youngest is 8 yrs. old), saw very
clearly what they said was a dark band around the middle. My youngest said
the object reminded her of a hamburger. She meant of course the oval shape
being the "bun" and the dark band being the "meat". They both agreed on this
dark band and much later I casually took out the newspaper picture of the 
UFO photographed by two boys in Michigan, (which I had saved), and laid it
on the table. They both jumped up, very excitedly and said, "Mommy, that's
it, that's it!"

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a scanned document containing text only.

Now I have to tell you of two strange details connected with this "thing" so bear with me as it may be a little difficult to explain on paper.

As I said, the object traveled in a straight line. From where we stood observing it, we were facing directly East. This I know because that is where the sun comes up. The object had just passed this point, (where the sun rises), when from the bottom and I could almost swear the very center of the bottom fell a very small light of some kind. This was white and I mean small in comparison to the large object. It fell straight down for about the count of three and seemed to wink out.

At this point, the large object began to dim very rapidly and it seemed to ark up and back, (this is hard for me to say for sure, though). The dimming lasted for about five to eight seconds of time, then faded completely.

Now comes strange detail number two. The lights had just gone out when seconds later, (maybe three), they came back on again fully bright. This full brightness lasted about two or three seconds more and then began to dim again until it faded out completely, not returning anymore. Again as the object was dimming the second time, it seemed to make the same arking movement as it appeared to do the first time it began to dim.

FIND: From the time I first saw it until the second fading of the lights, a total of about fifteen minutes had elapsed. I guess, not too roughly, from 7:15 P.M. to 7:30 P.M.

I might add, there was no sound that we heard at any time. And, one more thing which my eleven year old said when she saw the picture. There is a rod or something at the tip of the thing, and my daughter said this, too, had a similiar rod at the back end on which she saw a red light.

Well, that is all, I've done my duty. My conscience is clear.

Sincerely,

- page 4 -

