Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
   30 Jul 67   30/2005Z
   31/0205Z

2. LOCATION
   Euclid, Ohio

3. SOURCE
   Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
   Flashes Only

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
   30-45 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
   Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
   Due North

8. PHOTOS
   ☐ Yes
   ☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
   ☐ Yes
   ☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
    Astro (VENUS)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
    Observer said she saw flashes similar to explosion flashes over Lake Erie. The flashes were from 5-20 seconds apart and remained in one location. When she first observed them, she called the attention of them to her family and they thought a large boat was in trouble and exploding.

FORM
FTD SEP 03-0329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Town Here Every Thursday

S-Journal
Advertisers Complete Coverage in Northeast Greater Cleveland

By Mail $60 Per Year

Receives Awards
Competition for "Miss Teen-age Ohio" will be held in Youngstown in late August.

The Exchange Club of Euclid has been awarded the "BIG E" Award by the National Exchange Club at its annual National Exchange Conference meeting in Bal Harbour, Florida.

East Cleveland's Mud Man, S. Robert Fraser, will direct the Lake Erie Concert Band on a musical trip around the world, Friday night, Aug. 3, at 7 in Severance Center's seventh fountain concert. The band will play an international medley of French, German, Spanish, Hungarian, Italian and some rousing American march tunes.

HAIR REMOVED
Permanently, Painlessly
Up, Chin, Eyebrows
HAIRLINE
VIOLA NELSON
Licensed by State Board
1184 East 125th Street IV. 1-2738

RUPP CONTINENTAL MINI-BIKES
Also a large Selection of New & Used
• LAMBRETTAS
• RABBIT POLICE SPECIAL
• MOTOR SCOOTERS

BIKES & SCOOTERS OF CLEVELAND, INC.
788 E. 222nd 261-4747
OPEN MON. AND THURS. TIL 8 P.M.

PAPPY MANN DRIVING SCHOOL
270 EAST 122nd ST.
COMPLETE COURSE OF BRUSH-UP GRADE "A" SCHOOL LICENSED
PARKING SPECIALIST AUTOMATIC CAR
CLASS ROOM & BEHIND WHEEL TRAINING
731-2109 or RE. 1-9493

FRITZ'S TAVERN
NOW FEATURING
Music & Dancing
Friday - AL MIKLAVIC
Saturday - GIL DOBIDA
FISH FRY FRIDAY - LUNCHEON DAILY
951 Best 166th St. IV. 1-9635

Nottingham Feed & Seed Co.
Your Large Northern Garden Center Since 1914
KE. 1-0256 - We Give and Redeem Eagle Stamps

GIGANTIC POWER MOWER
TRADE-IN- SALE!
SAVE UP TO 20%!
FOR RENT
• Rotollers • Power Rake
• Lawn Diggers
• Aerators • Wheelbarrows
• Sweepers • Spreaders
• Pruning Shears
• Power Pole Cleaners
• Electric Hedge Shears
• Chain Saw

GATEWAY
LAWN FOOD
20-10-5 or 10-6-4
SAVE 40%
Per Bag

$1.99
Cash and Carry
WITH THIS AD ONLY

MICHIGAN PEAT
LAWN FERTILIZER
Agrico AA 10-6-4 Lawn formula
50-Lb.
Bag

$2.29

MULCH NOW!
PACKARD
PURE SHREDDED BARK
50-Lb.
Bag

$2.69

PINE BARK
KOKO MULCH
CORN COBS

$2.39
-$1.98
-$1.60

PEAT MOSS
Large 6 cu. ft. Bale
Finest
Canadian

$3.89
Reg. $4.95

LAWN FOODS
• Bone Meal
• XXX Lawn Food
• Agrico
• Milorganite
• Greenfield
• G. & F.
Gateway

Used Toro
ROTOTILLER
With Power Handle

$65.00

TOMORROW AND SATURDAY
Quality and Selection - Serving Your Needs For Over 25 Years

STREET MERCHANTS


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Action/Venus/
Venus on Neg 214 aug.
at 21 g 10 deg

TDEV/UFO

UFO Observation, July 30, 1967

Mrs. [redacted]
Euclid, Ohio 44123

Dear Mrs. [redacted]:

This replies to your kind letter of August 9, 1967 concerning your unusual observation. Investigation revealed that you probably observed the planet Venus. At the time of your sighting, Venus would have been on an azimuth of 274 degrees at an elevation of approximately 10 degrees.

The description submitted in your letter are consistent with past descriptions of this planet, Venus, with an estimated stellar magnitude of +1.2 on July 30, 1967, would have been quite bright in the west-northwestern sky. Venus is by far brighter than any star visible from the earth, excluding, of course, the sun.

When stars or planets are viewed low on the horizon, the observer is looking through many more miles of the earth's atmosphere than when looking at stars overhead. The earth's atmosphere actually acts as a prism, which in effect causes the incoming rays of light to be broken into the colors of the spectrum. Thus, at one instance, one color will be seen, and at another instance, another color will be observed, etc. In technical terms, this phenomenon is called scintillation. The closer the stars or planets are to the horizon, the more they scintillate, simply, as mentioned above, because we are then looking through a thicker layer of air.

Scintillation of the planet Venus was responsible for its apparent change in shape, brightness, and movement. Its brightness enables it to be seen before other astronomical bodies. This was the reason it was seen at dusk.

When viewed through binoculars, stars and planets appear too large in size with various distinct lights. This is an usual occurrence caused by peripheral and chromatic aberration of the lenses.

AUG 21 1967
EUCLID, OHIO


- page 3 -

Although we are unable to positively identify the stimulus, we believe the planet Venus was responsible for the sightings. The descriptions you submitted are similar to past descriptions of the planet. Since spring, Venus has been responsible for numerous UFO sightings. Its brightness is often the primary reason why it has been often mistaken for an unidentified flying object.

The sighting by Mrs. [illegible] not appear to be the same sighting as yours. At this time, we cannot offer any explanation for the explosion over Lake Erie. We have not received any additional reports, for this time, that appears to be similar to that of Mrs. Morabito. The explosions do not appear to be an unidentified flying object, but seem something operating on ground level.

Sincerely,
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Project Blue Book

The number "2" appears at the bottom of the page.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Major Quintarille
Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major Quintarille,

At about 1066 hours, on 9 July 1967, I was on Lake Erie. These "explosions" were Due North and either at horizon or on coast.

These "explosions" were for 5 to 10 seconds apart and seemed to be in the sky. No clouds were in the area. No sound was heard.

I immediately called the Coast Guard. Sunday and the incident. He said he checked on it. I found no boat in trouble and the men reported nothing about seeing "explosion" like flashes.

These "flashes" were not occurring lights on a boat, and they were not like regular lightning. I called the Coast Guard. The last 2 or 3 we watched did not...

[The rest of the text is partially obscured or cut off]

The document also includes a hand-drawn sketch with notes:
Horizon
Lake
Brightest part of Slash
Some clouds were reflected
in upper 2/3 of glow
Flash was about height of
quarter held at arms length

There are also some additional handwritten notes in the margins, including "Northeast Yacht Club" and other partially legible markings.


- page 5 -

94 East 201st Street
Euclid, Ohio 44123
August 9, 1967

Major Quintanilla
Project Blue Book
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio 45433

Dear Major Quintanilla:

In reference to our phone conversation of August 8, 1967, I would like to report to you the information concerning the U.F.O. observed in our neighborhood.

Upology Form (N.I.C.A.P.) - now the report form sent to me by "The Cleveland
Date - July 30, 1967
Time - 9F.M.
Locality - East 201st Street - Euclid, Ohio
Duration - Approximately one hour
Condition of sky - Dusk- No clouds about 9P.M. - some at 10P.M.
Prevailing wind - from the north-west.
Sun - had set.
Stars - appeared about 9:30P.M.

Behavior of object - Appeared to stand still, move slowly, change brightness, change shape, and zig zag or even an angle.
Appearance - At dusk object appeared round, like a ball of fire and bright like a star. At night it appeared like a star, but about five times as large and as bright. It appeared to have a tail and times at 2000 or approximately 7 o'clock. With binoculars (5x35) it appeared blue-green on the top and red-orange on the bottom and to rotate slowly from left to right. There was no sound. The object sometimes hovered and sometimes fell in motion. If held at arms length it would be of soft ball. It did not pass in front of anything.

First Sighting - Mr. David Freight (Scoutmaster) was sitting in reclining chair and noticed it from front window. Took notice because it was too large and low for a star and then noticed elevation.

Disappearance - On horizon of Lake Erie.
Speed - Much slower than an airplane or jet - approx. 20m.p.h.
Height - Unable to estimate.
Approx. elevation (horizon) 0° and overhead 90°) - 20°
Offices notified - Euclid Police Department -came when object was over Lake and said it was "probably a light"
The Press and Plain Dealer - advised to notify N.I.C.A.P.
Solid News Journal - Local paper wrote article per request of Mr. Neff.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Earl Yeff (N.I.C.A.P.) - submitted report to him.
I'm contacted by Major Smith - National Director of
the Scientific Phenomena Research Center?
At this point to avoid further involvement, called
N.A.S.A. and was advised to contact you. "Would like
to comment, that I do think the police, etc. should
be aware of the proper channels to notify in this
instance. Simply wish to report this as a citizen's
duty, and not be using rumor of the proper authority in
this matter, feel I have spent needless time and effort.

Direction - From eight miles northwest, to go northwesterly.
Witnesses - Norman Conrad Family - 90 West 201
Dr. and Mrs. John Mosina, M.D. - 20100 Edgecliff
William Corbett - 100 E. 9th 201
David M'Creight Family - 91 East 201
Rudolph Berlan Family - 94 West 201
Other families - Razinger - Kojecky - Krue - Giha -
Brock - Sluner - Stanfield - others not identified.

David M'Creight spoke to a man on East 254 claiming
to see like object, in his vicinity for a line prior
to 9 P.M. that evening.

An enclosing sketch of what was seen and indicating direction of movement.
Would like to know your consensus of this information and look forward to
hearing from you.

Sincerely,
(signature)
(Note: Handwritten notes at bottom of page)

The document also includes a hand-drawn sketch with directional markings and street/location references.


- page 7 -

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
DEPARTMENT OF ASTRONOMY                                                    LINDHEIMER ASTRONOMICAL RESEARCH CENTER

                                                                            7 September 1967

Lt. William Marley
FTD (TDETR)
Research and Aerial Phenomena Division
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Dear Bill:

I agree with your evaluation of the report relayed to you by Mrs. Berlian.
At the time in question, the ecliptic was about as far north of west as
it gets, and Venus was a brilliant object moving after sunset from high
in the west to the horizon in the northwest. The reports of back-and-forth
motions mean very little, since nearly everyone gets this illusion after
watching a bright isolated object for a while. The colors reported are
right for normal atmospheric refraction effects, and the size reports no
doubt suffer the usual gross overestimate that most size reports suffer
from. Since colors were reported only when the object was seen through
5 x 35 binoculars, there is also a high probability that they were induced
by the cheap optical system. Of course atmospheric refraction induced
colors are more visible in binoculars than with the naked eye. Any report
of motions observed with binoculars are suspect unless the witness states
specifically that the binoculars were supported by a rigid and sturdy
clamp. People just don't realize that binoculars magnify movements of
the hands exactly as much as they magnify objects.

I have a request from Charles Cox, Roanoke World News, Times World
Building, Roanoke, Virginia; Mr. Cox gave me some background information
on the South Hill case witnesses, Crowder, and I had told him that he might
be able to get a copy of my report when it had been sent to Blue Book.
He just called, asking if he could obtain that report, so rather than
shunt him around, from one place to another I told him I'd ask you to send
it along. If there is a charge they will pay the bill.

-1-


- page 8 -

Lt. William Marley
Page 2

7 September 1967

The sample of rock you sent is still sitting around, now that summer is over I will try (again) to find a geologist here at the university who might be able to identify it. As a preliminary identification, I would say it's a hunk of rock.

Regards,
Bill
William T. Powers

WTP:lp


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Safety rules are
not like tools,
To be used,
not abused.

Joey Pink
874 E. 248th
Euclid Safety Council
Slogan Contest Winner

Euclid News
The Euclid News-Journal, The SCOOP and East Cleveland Leader
EUCLID, OHIO, AUGUST 3, 1967

DAVID McCREIGHT: "Every once in a while it seemed to have a tail."

DR. JOHN MESSINA: "I can't imagine what it could have been."

NORMAN CONRAD: "It looked like a big ball of fire, but it wasn't a star."

UFO Sighting Causes a Stir on East 201st

It was different colors. It was slower than a plane, bigger than a star. It was bright. It moved a certain distance and stopped near and above the East 201st. at, and near East 201st. at, buzzing. A crowd of 40 or 50 people gathered to watch it in the sky between 9 and 10 p.m. Sunday night.

RUDOLPH BERLIN, 94 East 201st, reported it to the UFO organization NICAP (National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena).

DAVID McCCREIGHT, 91 East 201st. at., said "I was sitting in a chair looking out the window. It was about 15 to 20 degrees above the horizon," McCreight said. "It looked like it was low, but it was too low in the sky. I watched it for an hour. Every once in a while it seemed to have a tail. It was two or three times as bright as a star. It seemed to be just over the neighbors' roof. It appeared to be stationary and disappeared behind clouds.

"I watched, thinking it would suddenly take off very fast, but it just moved gradually."

Mrs. Berlin, who watched it from her second-floor back porch, recalled: "It hovered at angles. It was five times as big as a star. It was like a big ball of fire."

DR. JOHN MESSINA, 2010 Edgecliff dr., saw it after it had moved out over the lake. "It had a reddish-orange light," he said. "It was moving in a zigzag pattern. It was interesting. I can't imagine what it could be. It was no figment. Too many people saw it."

NORMAN CONRAD, 90 East 201st, said, "It was orange to white. It wasn't a star. Many of the youngsters in the neighborhood saw it too."

"RIGHT OVER THERE." East 201st youngsters point to the spot where the UFO was first sighted. Back row, from left: Dale Conrad, Russell Berlin, Rob Borland, Sue Berlin, Frank Maryann Razinger, little Darlene Conrad, Debbie Conrad, Mariann McCreight, Margaret McCreight.


- page 10 -

