There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image from the Project Blue Book document. The image shows a form with various fields filled out, but no visual image is included.

PROJECT B-73 RECORD
1. DATE S THE GROUP 
26 Jun 67 -1/22/2002
2. LOCATION 
Landers, California 
3. SOURCE 
CIVILIANS
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
ONE
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION 
N/A
7. COURSE 
N/A
8. PHOTOS 
NO
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 
NONE

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The observer as no film when he developed it. The image roll of film when he developed it. 
COMMENTS: Photo experts stated that the image could be the result of a film processing defect, such as the developer or a slight reflection.

- page 1 -

The image contains a photograph depicting a domed structure, likely a telescope observatory or similar scientific facility. The photograph shows the exterior of the domed building, with multiple windows visible and some surrounding structures or fencing in the foreground.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text on the image states "This case contains 3,872 photos and 1,425 negatives".

This case contains 3,872 photos and 1,425 negatives.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document titled "PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT" from Project Blue Book.

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
DATE: 14 June, 1967
LOCATION: LANDERS, CALIFORNIA
PHOTOGRAPHY: (blank)
QUALITY: (blank)

1. DESCRIPTION: This report is written to fulfill a request work Order Number LS 52-0-24 to analyze, and describe this which was reported by a request.

2. ANALYSIS: The object cannot be definitely identified. There is no positive evidence in the photograph which could provide clues for identifying the object. An analysis of the available photographic data could possibly reveal some additional information.

PAGES ANALYZED: 0

APPROVED BY:
ROBERT D. ROBB, Intelligence Research Specialists
WILLIAM L. TURNER, Major, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch
MILES PRIZE, JR., Chief, Photo Interpretation

- page 4 -

The image appears to contain a photograph. However, since the image does not contain any human faces, I will not identify or name any individuals in the description.

The text in the document is as follows:

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Director, U.S.A.F. "Project Blue Book"
Air Force Base, Development Control Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base 
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

This enclosed photograph, containing what appears to be unusual unidentified flying objects, is being submitted to you with other such photographs in your files.

It is reported that on April, Wednesday, June 7, near Landers, California, while the farmer was working in his field a disc-shaped object was observed in the sky. The object remained stationary for about 20 minutes. During this time, the farmer observed the object to be rounded on the bottom and have a distinct color of a greyish hue. The temperature at the time was 78 F.

The following is an "Integratron" or "Timm transmitter" that was photographed later at approximately 1:00 PM on the same day near the same location of the aforementioned sighting. This apparent out-and-out fraud, however, is included inasmuch as there have been earlier visits to the site had resulted in unsatisfactory photographs. Therefore, I had decided to see if I couldn't get better results on the second day.

When the enclosed photograph was taken, the camera was stationary and the object is apparently the movement relative to it, resulting in the blurred image. I was attempting to catch the image as it moved from the left to the right of the frame in the sight of the observer. The lens setting was f/8.0 at 1/125 second exposure.

As a result of this incident, I don't appear to have captured what may have been a legitimate unusual flying object in the photograph. I was, however, able to record the "Integratron" or "Timm transmitter" which in itself is a development designed to hold one coil of film.

(more)

- page 5 -

Unfortunately, there is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Here is the text from the document, as produced by an OCR system:

Here are some other factors about the situation that are strange to me:
(1) If the white spot is the result of lack of development of the emulsion for the negative, this spot is, as I have noted on the negative, almost round. This suggests to me that it is not due to lack of development but is a distinct object.
(2) Instead of being clearly defined around the edges, as one would expect in the photograph of an object, this spot is blurred around the edges, as might be expected in the photograph of a flying object.
(3) I have taken and developed thousands of pictures, and I have never seen anything like this before. The way this object appears was so completely different from anything I have ever seen in an aerial photograph, that I am inclined to think that it is apparently not a normal aerial photograph.
Of course, this still leaves much to be determined, but because of the factors shown in this picture I am submitting this print for your opinion. If you would like to see the negative, I will be glad to send it to you. Will you please let me know and I will do so.
Sincerely,
[Signature redacted]

- page 6 -

There is no photograph visible in the provided image. The image appears to be a typed document with text.

Here is the text from the document:

MAJOR HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR.
3350 PALMER AVE. "BLUE BOOK"
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
DAYTON, OHIO

Dear MAJOR QUINTANILLA:

The enclosed photograph, containing what appears to be an "unidentified flying object", is hereby submitted for consideration in your files.

It was taken shortly before 10 A.M., Wednesday, June 28, 1967, near Landers, California. The object appeared to be a yellowish-white, elliptical shape, moving at a speed of approximately 1/250th of a second. It was at an estimated altitude of 3,000 to 4,000 feet. The diameter of the object is estimated to be approximately 40-50 feet. The object was photographed in a solution marketed commercially as "x330 for 125 minute processing".

The building in the foreground is reported to be an "Integratron" or "Integration Machine" which was constructed several years ago for use as an electrical device. It had intended to use the photograph to illustrate a tongue and groove in the operation of the machine, but due to the position of the sun and incorrect focus, the building did not photograph properly. Only the shadows and outlines can be seen. I apologize for the quality of these photographs due to the position of the sun and incorrect focus.

As soon as I inspected the film after its development, a double-barreled shotgun was visible surrounding an undeveloped spot in the background. My first reaction was to conclude that somehow the object had attracted a shotgun blast, but no corresponding damage or marks could be found on the film or the building. The photographs were taken on a tripod.

When the exposed photograph was taken, the camera was focused on the white object which was approximately 1/2 mile distant. The shutter-by-pushing a cable release. I was looking at the object through the viewfinder on the camera at the time the picture was taken.

As soon as I inspected the film after its development, a double-barreled shotgun was visible surrounding an undeveloped spot in the background. My first reaction was to conclude that somehow the object had attracted a shotgun blast, but no corresponding damage or marks could be found on the film or the building. I had intended to hold one roll of 125 film.

(more)

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page of text from a document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Here is the text transcribed from the document:

Here are some other factors about the situation that are strange to me:

(1) If the white spot is the result of lack of development, this would indicate a lack of the chemical on the edges (or on the negative). 

(2) Instead of being clearly defined around the edges, the chemical has been scattered around the edges, as might be expected in the photograph of an object to use a flying saucer.

(3) I have taken and developed thousands of pictures, but I have never seen anything like this on any of them. It does appear was taken in an area in which flying saucers have been reported, and that it appears to be a shot of a building or structure with an object to use a flying saucer.

The object still indent shown in this picture is of some object and was condensed during development, but because of the insertion in your picture it is hard to determine what the object was. Please let me know and I will send it to you.

Sincerely,

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph or diagram of a domed building or structure. The structure has a distinctive dome-like shape on top, with windows and other architectural details visible. There is a fenced or walled area surrounding the structure. This seems to be an illustration or technical drawing of a specific building, likely related to the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

FULL TEXT OUTPUT:

RECORD
USAF PROJECT BLUE BOOK
Date of Sighting: 9 June 1967 
Time of Sighting: 2155-2200 hours
Location: Landers, California 
Reporting Witness: Ralph Landers 
Sighting Description: Witness observed a large, brightly lighted object in the sky. The object appeared to be in the vicinity of the Landers Observatory operated by Riverside Astronomical Society.
Sighting Details: Witness reported that the object was first observed at 2155 hours Pacific Daylight Saving Time. The object was described as very large, brightly lighted, and was maneuvering in the vicinity of the Landers Observatory operated by the Riverside Astronomical Society. The object was seen for about 5 minutes before disappearing from view. The observer stated that when the object first appeared it was high in the sky to the southeast, but gradually descended until it appeared to be near the observatory building. The witness indicated that the observatory dome was illuminated and that the object seemed to be observing the dome. No other details of the sighting were provided.
Conclusion: Investigation revealed that the lighted object reported by the witness was likely a high altitude research balloon. The Landers Observatory was undergoing construction and repairs at the time of the sighting, and the illumination of the dome may have contributed to the witness's perception of the object's proximity to the observatory. No explanation could be determined for the object's apparent maneuvering, but the sighting was determined to be of insufficient detail to categorize as an unidentified flying object.

- page 9 -

The image contains a handwritten note that reads "Corona, California 14 June 67". There is also a handwritten diagram or sketch in the lower portion of the image, consisting of a series of vertical lines.

Corona, California
14 June 67

- page 10 -

The image appears to be a photograph of a domed building, likely an observatory or some kind of scientific facility. The building has a distinctive rounded dome-like structure on top, surrounded by other architectural features.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
REPORT NO.
EXHIBIT F
CASE #

- page 11 -

