PROJECT BLUE BOOK RECORD

1. DATE/TIME GROUP: 67 09/1102

2. LOCATION: Franklin, Indiana

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: N/A

8. PHOTOS: ☐Yes ☒No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: ☐Yes ☒No

10. CONCLUSION: Other: (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
The observer has a similar sighting on 30 November 1966.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE FILE

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 22   11   67
                                                   Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

For several weeks after this incident I was both afraid and angered by several things like when I would be talking on my phone and then the communication would go "blip" or something that I began to notice that every few seconds (20-30) I would hear a beep on the line, this made me feel my phone was tapped and I did not like it.

Or how about the mail pick-ups at the corner by a man with U.S. air force pick up truck, each morning at for about 3 wks. ?

Or the two men who came to sell hardware door-to-door with expensive suits who dealt with some price up what they were selling and asked my wife many questions about the sighting?

Or the 65 Chrysler sedan that followed me from home to work and back home for 3 days? These and other things happened caused me to be reluctant to send this report in at all.


- page 2 -

HQ (UNO) Lt Col Quintanilla/70916/mha/7 May 68

7 MAY 1968

UFO Observation, 4 December 1967

Franklin Police Department
Franklin, Indiana 46131

1. The Aerial Phenomena Office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object (UFO) report from Franklin, Indiana which occurred on 4 December 1967 (710.10 pm).

2. The observer sighted an egg shaped object that had a window in the rear. The craft was reported to be approximately 500 feet in altitude and hovering over a housing development, 1/2 mile west of U.S. 31. The craft then flew away to the northwest at great speed.

3. Did you receive any reports of unusual objects for this date? We would appreciate your comments as to a possible cause for this sighting.

4. Thank you for your assistance on this matter.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 1

on Dec 4, 1967 when I was driving home from work in Indianapolis I saw another object the same size and shape as the one 30 1/1/60.

2 mi South of Franklin Ind at 7:10 in eve. It was about 500 ft alt, over a hazy development 1/2 mile west of U.S. 31.

It was in view for 10 min just kind of drifting around in about a 1/2 mile area. From time to time a very bright spot light about 3 ft in dia. at the object would shine down. The craft moved at 30-50 mph in a pattern like it was searching for something.

At one time it flew over my head and I saw an insignia like this 卍 about a foot high in dull Red Paint. (3 stripes with a 5 point star below)

Just before it flew away it made a flight pattern like ~~~ and flew away N.W. at a great speed.

I did not report this sighting to the authorities because of all the notoriety from the last time. I still hope that the insignia I saw means something to you. It doesn't to me.

[Handwritten note at bottom: Saw end of previous case attached. 30 Nov 66]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):     8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                      a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                     b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                      c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember            d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):            WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                     a. Dry
    b. Hazy                          b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds              c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick n heavy clouds          d. Snow
    overhead and to the East         e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                         d. As a light
    b. Transparent                   e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                      c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                        d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[No text written]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred              e. Other
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                  (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?         Yes   No   Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   Yes   No   Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?             Yes   No   Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                             Yes   No   Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                          Yes   No   Don't know
    f. Change shape?                               Yes   No   Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                           Yes   No   Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                     Yes   No   Don't know


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
30     NOV     66
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 5:57
Hour           minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other _______

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Taylorsville                                   Ind.
Nearest Postal Address                         City or Town                State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
7
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? by clock on car dash
5:57-6:04

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes (YES) No ___

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                 NIGHT
a. Bright                           a. Bright behind object
b. Cloudy                           b. Cloudy
                                    Bright sun

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 29 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Flew over horizon out of sight

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
If moved behind: Tower lines + telephone poles

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: A rotating farm house

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: deep humming - like the sound of a power transformer
b. Color: metallic, light grey similar to unpainted alum...

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time, at its
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
199 foot at 150 yds.
100 yds altitude 30 ft
Speed about 60 mph

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with annotations:
- A window accessed
- 3 ft round
- with an internal pale white light seen only from the rear
- 2 green glowing lights
- 3 red ball shaped bright lights flashing in order 1-2-3 front to back
- No exhaust or vapor trail
- Direction arrow]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 50 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 150 yards at closest point

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How far were you moving? 60 mph miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
Stopped + got out

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

It was egg shaped, but elongated, four times as long as thick with a angular rim on the front. 25 ft long 15 ft wide in front 46 ft wide in rear


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
YES
Middle of April F & saw lights near Atterbury headed N.W. same pattern
And again on Dec.16 at 6:45 am. at Greenwood Ind.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One) (Yes) No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Several cars stopped on US 31 but I did not talk to any of them.
Many people saw the object as it came down and reported it, but I am the only one who saw it close up.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] Columbus [redacted] Ind.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted] AGE 26 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent:
I am a tool/die maker and I have automobile racing exp. both which require accurate and fast observation.

In July of 1964 I was a witness to a very heavy damage accident on I65 at Morganville Ind. involving semi trucks. Any question of my ability etc as a witness can be verified by John G. Howell of 901 3rd St Columbus Ind. who helped investigate the accident.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
30 Nov 66 Sheriff Dep. and to Maj Gregg at Buckaler A.F.B. Columbus


- page 9 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 10 -

