The image appears to contain a photograph, though the quality is quite poor, making it difficult to discern any meaningful details. The document appears to be a Project Blue Book record form, providing various fields for recording information about a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10773 RECORD 1. DATE-TIME GROUP 2-Dec-1967 2. LOCATION Cowlesville, New York 3. SOURCE CIVILIAN 4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 2-5 5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Not reported 6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION GROUND-VISUAL 7. COURSE ° STRAIGHT COURSE 8. PHOTOS Y 9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE Y PTD FORM #673 -329 (TIDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from an old document, which contains handwritten text.

Dear Sir,
I have been employed at the Baia Grande Field Club for the past 14 years and this is where I received your address from some one who told them it was my name and address. 
I would like to relate to you what I have witnessed.
On September 1st at exactly 9:50 P.M., I was walking from my home to the Club, taking a secondary road, (the main road is about 1/2 mile from the Club) when I was suddenly lighted by a brilliant light rising from beyond a nearby wood. As I looked up I was almost blinded by the brilliance of this light, it was about 50 yards from me and appeared to be about 30 feet in diameter. It was saucer shaped and seemed to be made of polished chrome or aluminum. 
It hovered for a few minutes, and then after making a slight hissing sound, it took off rapidly in a westerly direction disappearing from sight in a matter of seconds. As it took off the whole area was lighted up as bright as day. 
I was so amazed that I almost forgot to breathe. After a while I regained my composure and hurried to the Club to report what I had witnessed.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing handwritten text.

As per the OCR request:

my daughter was seen moving about; also
this ram ran home on clear
yesterday, on looked about, and
the woman declare she woman
apparantly not leave the left
what me here telling about
As you please, one but
as near as can get to tell one
they follow around. They
are telefying. very meeting
one mile down on south side of
me returning bright star
We watched close miles
the remains turned light
people and say - big
length about - the

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Content of the document:

My parents visited a UFO last night Messrs a 12 by 35 foot landed on Gardiners Island. The center was a brilliant blue, large beam of light in the center. A brilliant blue-white flame shooting out from the center. The flames were about 15 feet long. The craft hovered for about 30 minutes.
Four people came out of the craft men and woman and one thing they did not seem human made observes about 200 yards from us. They did things I cannot explain. My parents tried to contact them but they did not give us a chance to come near. The craft took off straight up and disappeared into the night sky.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text describing a UFO sighting report.

The text in the document is as follows:

"Broken rain well it is raining! Some one all riled neither remains coming contacts . Some are on shining his stage. means clearly believed this we would go to the sounding If I could just see once a real place 'I do not want if can't tell too some one investigate they don't have other they could really mean more by the camp in you I we have 2 hours. Smaller"

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Cowlesville, 7-7-14037

- page 6 -

