The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the "Project 10073 Record" from Oakland, California dated 7/6/1967.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 6:38 P.M. 7/6/1967
2. LOCATION: Oakland, California
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (Aircraft)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Object observed to be a light. Witness stated that the object was the same brightness as the brightest star. Brightness was said to be steady and stationary for 15 minutes. Object disappeared after a short period of time on its own. Color: Reddish. witness estimates distance to be 3 to 5 miles.
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? The object moved straight away fairly rapidly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: Jet Fighter shaped
b. Color: Bright metallic

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered?: 3 times the size of the match stick head

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. The object appeared at an altitude of about 10-15,000 feet and travelled at a very high rate of speed from east to west, with exhaust trail, shaped somewhat like a jet fighter. The object was moving rapidly.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions related to a UFO sighting.

Output of the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   YES   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approximately 50-75 yards

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving?   miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Bar glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The object appeared somewhat like a bright ball or metallic sphere hovering above the ground and would periodically move in various directions at a high speed.

- page 3 -

The image contains a hand-drawn diagram showing a curved horizon line and several angle markers. There is also a compass-like design in the top right corner. The text below the diagram instructs the viewer to draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made, and to place an "A" at the beginning of the path and a "B" at the end to show the changes in direction during the course. The second part of the text indicates that there was more than one object, and asks the viewer to draw a picture showing how many there were and the direction they were traveling.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place or "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.
60°
75°
90°
N
W
E
S
NW
NE
SE
SW
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end, to show any changes in direction during the course.
29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 5 to 7
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
See page enclosedSee

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

The text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give the date and location.
WELL 1952 SONOMA. CALIFORNIA

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)  Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)  Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME  [REDACTED]
ADDRESS  [REDACTED] 
TELEPHONE NUMBER  [REDACTED]
AGE  21  SEX  F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. 
NONE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?  
NOV 7 1967

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document, specifically a questionnaire. The text on the page appears to be handwritten responses to the questionnaire, but there is no photograph present.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 5 March 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a corrective explanation of your sighting.

See enclosure
subject sketch ideas

- page 6 -

The image contains no photograph, only text. As per the instructions, I will now produce an OCR (optical character recognition) output of all the text found in the document:

FIRST SIGHTING OF UFO'S

Jan. 6 1967 time 9:10 to 9:16 PM Pacific standard time 

I was looking at the stars in the west, spotted a dark place in the sky, with this out any stars. I could just see 2 dim golden stars. There light became brighter, using our binoculars (7x15x35 GRC) I looked at them thinking what a beautiful golden color, when they slowly started to move apart. I put down the binoculars, stared, put on my glasses, and stood with my mouth hanging open. I just could not believe what I was seeing.

first seen in this position west north 

this is approx. distant they went apart

They just disappeared deep into space from the last position.

Oakland, Calif. 94609

- page 7 -

The image contains a photograph of a handwritten document describing an alleged UFO sighting. The text does not identify any individuals in the image.

The text in the document says:

The second week of Jan 1967 about 9:30 PM I heard and felt something big go over our house. I went out on our front porch, which is 30 feet above the street level and had the shock of my life. There was a light pattern in the sky the likes of nothing I have ever before.

4' emerald green
leger than red lights

white light 
about here

the curved lines

The white light appeared to be under the craft, and loud roar or humming of some kind. It was HUGH AND MOVED SLOWLY AT 600 to 1000 feet. Oaklans hills are 1,500 feet; it was well below that. I watch it go toward the Oakland hills NE, half or a third of the way to the hills. It did or appeared to do so, I got the impression it might be round, because of the light gray curved lines I saw; the craft was dark in color. At that height, I should have seen, A TAIL AND WINGS but none were to be seen. The triangle of red lights stayed pretty much in a horizontal position.

To the south was a stratoliner about 3,000 feet heading SW and going East by North was a fan jet about 2,000 feet, all three craft were in my line of vision. 

I keep telling my self this was a two tail air craft, but I still do not know what I saw.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

SECOND SIGHTING
page 2

I took me three week to get up enough courage to call the Alameda Naval Air Station, they told me I should have reported it when I first saw it.They could not identify what I saw, I talked to one of the pilots and he gave me information about the lighting of the craft there, but was puzzled at what I had seen.

I then called Hamilton Air Base--I just didnt get anywhere, they just tried of making me an investigator or some one who could help me indentify what I saw,,, after talking to six different offices I gave up.

In the Bay area there are:
Naval Air Station 
Oakland Air Port
San Francisco Air Port
Hamilton Air Base 
Travis Air Base

These Air Station and Air Bases are all within approx. 45 mile radius.

There is a good possbly what I saw was 1940 or there abouta Sea Flane, being flown in over this area to go to Vistam. I mention that some two tail air craft were being taken out of reirement and put into service, but would not give me any other information.

- page 9 -

I don't see any photographs in this document. The text appears to be a description of a UFO sighting that occurred on March 12, 1967 in Oakland, California. The document provides details about the sighting, such as the time, the appearance and movement of the objects, and their size in relation to a "big dipper star". It also mentions a cloud bank that was visible in the sky.

Third Sighting
Oakland, Calif. March 12, 1967
Time, approx 6:00 PM Pacific Standard time
Five to seven UFO's
Round when coming out of clouds, levelling off they looked oval
Color, golden pinkish
Sound, none
Altitude, unknown, but I guess about 20 to 30 thousand feet
Speed off flight,
They came out of the clouds at fast clip, did a sight pause, did some fast maneuvering, both in verticle and horizontal directions
SIZE OF UFO'S
Three times the size of the big dipper stars
On March 12th between the hours of 7:30 to 8:30 the Big Dipper was in North East.
There was a cloud bank on the Oakland hills in the East which was quite high up in the sky. I had been checking the big dipper and as I looked down to the last star in the handle, the cloud bank was some distance from this star, up they came. See map of flight

- page 10 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten sketch or diagram. There is no photographic image present in this particular document.

NE 1300 Hopper
The 30 circles on
c. 2,500 degree
C. Apparent movement
East-West
March 12, 1967

- page 11 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an handwritten text that appears to be part of an old document or report.

I have not name or identify any individuals in the image. The handwritten text states:

"I have not drawn this to scale because I don't know the right size of many of these things, but these seem to me like what I saw."

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book document, which appears to be a questionnaire for reporting unidentified aerial phenomena.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information to contact you if further details.

1. When did you see the object?
15 Day Feb Year 1967

2. Time of day:
About 6:00 P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Address redacted]
City or Town [redacted]
State or County [redacted]

5. How long was object in sight? (Time Duration)
c. Not very sure

5.1 How was the time in sight determined?
d. Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: b. Cloudy
NIGHT: c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): d. To your left

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, that includes a questionnaire for the observer to fill out regarding their sighting.

OCR TEXT OUTPUT:
8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. Fewer  b. A few more  c. Same number  d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight  b. Dull moonlight  c. No moonlight - pitch dark  d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky  b. Hazy  c. Scattered clouds  d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry  b. Fog, mist, or light rain  c. Moderate or heavy rain  d. Snow  e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid  b. Transparent  c. Vapor  d. As a light  e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter  b. Dimmer  c. About the same  d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: __ to an ordinary flashlight step signal

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred  b. Like a bright star  c. Sharply defined  d. Other __ The edges appeared stepped and irregular with discreet segments

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
b. Suddenly speed up and out of sight? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
c. Break up into parts or explode? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
d. Give off smoke? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
e. Change brightness? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
f. Change shape? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
g. Flash or flicker? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)
h. Disappear and reappear? (Yes) (No) (Don't know)

- page 14 -

