PROJECT 1273 RECORD

1. DATE/TIME GROUP: 01/01/58
2. LOCATION: Toledo, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual (TX)
7. COURSE: SW
8. PHOTOS: ☐ Yes ☒ No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: ☒ Yes (Ending of Object) ☐ No

10. CONCLUSION: Possible (HOT AIR BALLOON)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer noticed a bright star like object. The speed the light moved was approximately 3 times the speed of the moon travels across a TX. Multiple lights were observed. Approximately 5 minutes late a spot like light appeared to fall from the object and then a crack like tumble out like sparks from a Roman Candle flare. Each light being visible for only 34 seconds.

FORM ETD (JAN 0-520 (DE))


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO

SEP 13 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 31 July 67

TO: [Redacted]
Toledo, Ohio 43623

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached PD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
PDD Form 164 w/envelope

Handwritten note: Possible - but need further investigation. JGM.


- page 2 -

Toledo, Ohio 43623

Dear Sirs,

The evening of July 31, 1967, at approx. 9:55 P.M. was a very exciting evening for my wife, neighbor and myself. I had just finished setting up my small 234 power refractor telescope when my wife noticed a bright star-like object in the western sky. She had first thought it Venus but then we realized that Venus had already set. I continued setting up my scope using my low power Hl2.5 mm. eyepiece.

At first it was hard to focus as the object began to slowly move in a South Westerly direction. The object was approx. 40 degrees from the horizon and approx. 45 degrees from the point where the sun sets. The speed the light moved was approx. 3 times the speed the moon travels across the eyepiece. After about three minutes time I was in focus. At first I thought I wasn't in focus because in the scope I saw multiple lights. I had to move my scope ahead of the lights & let them pass the eyepiece. I did this several times, each time trying to look for some small detail I hadn't previously seen.

At this instant approx. 10:00 P.M. (to the unaided eye), a spark like light appeared to fall from the object and then a second light seemed to tumble out like sparks from a Roman candle flare. Each light being visible for only three or four seconds. I saw these happenings both by my telescope and by my unaided eyes. My wife saw these lights at all times with her eyes. She is not familiar with the telescope enough to keep an object in view of the eyepiece. I didn't want to chance missing some important feature in the time it would have probably taken her to sight the lights in the scope. This was not selfishness I felt, strickly vital so I could remember any and every detail that could be seen.

What I saw in the scope can be clearly seen in my enclosed color illustration. This is painted as close to actual size (as seen in my eyepiece) and with all the detail which I was able to see. The most unusual thing occurred each time the spark-like lights exited from the lighted areas. Every light except the one falling out a flutter or dim. As the orange lights left they tumbled as a football would bounce on the ground, appearing only for a few seconds then they appeared to fade away or to burn out. This left only the white light and one big orange one. The other two lights had left.

SEND 164


- page 3 -

I talked out loud telling my wife what I was seeing through my scope while she watched with unaided eyes.
She then ran to get a neighbor for a witness. At this time the object seemed to fade out & disappeared. We explained to our neighbor what we saw. She didn't seem to believe us.
Then the light reappeared in the position we had last viewed it and the same occurrence again happened. This time I already had my scope set up in the general position and Judy and I had a witness.

We then saw with unaided eyes a bright star-like object with sparks leaving it. Our neighbor also described it as looking similar to a roman candle. Time, approx. 10:10 P.M. This time I again saw what is in my illustration, but this time I was sure the lights were back up under the white light.

Through my scope I could again see these other orange lights tumble out at different angles to each other then fade away. I then saw only a whitish light for a few seconds then it disappeared as to just get smaller or to fade away. After waiting for approx. five more minutes to see if it reappeared, I left my wife outside to watch the sky. I then called the control tower of The Toledo Express Airport, who then advised me to write to your base. At approx. 10:20 P.M. I made written notes of what we had seen & drew a rough pencil sketch. I tried to get a barring on the objects by telephoning my boss who lives in that general direction, Maumee, Ohio. I was unable to get him until approx. 10:45 P.M. He saw nothing.

Tuesday morning I then painted this sketch from memory and from my previous rough sketch.

The following Friday I started to mention the incident to another neighbor (who stopped me in the middle of my explanation of what I saw) and in his words he observed what Judy and I saw. He said he observed the object circle a wide area and seeing the spark-like lights leave the main light overhead, not the same angle that I saw it.

At all times the sky was clear, no clouds or mist was in the air. I had no way of judging how large, fast or close the lights were. No sound was heard at any time.


- page 4 -

I am a twenty-six year old commercial artist, father of twin daughters and a member of Grace Lutheran Church. I described and illustrated as close as possible what I saw. I waited until now, my vacation, to write this letter as I have been working longer hours than usual.

Yours truly,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 5 -

