There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically record 10073, related to an incident that occurred on April 13, 1967 in Ft. Erwin, California.

Here is the text extracted from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. BASE TYPE GROUP	2. LOCATION
13 APR 67	17/082382	Ft. Erwin, California
3. REPORT NO.	4. DATE/TIME GROUP
S-332/67	13 April 1967
10. CONCLUSION
Object(s) decayed, Decay(possible) through the objects decayed on 13 April 67, plus or minus 12 hours.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was real when solid then turned to green haze or smoke. The object appeared to be the size of dinner plate. It was sighted by several observers. As it began its decaying process, it appeared to break up into smaller pieces which eventually disappeared from view. The object was seen for approximately 1 minute. The pieces landed on the ground.
The three objects that decayed on 13 Apr 67 were large - near the size of a satellite. Decaying of these objects could have been possible. The time of sighting was late afternoon when the sky was clear.

7. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
(1) Yes
(2) No

FTD SEP 55 0-227 (TDE) previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. It seems to be a form or questionnaire related to a UFO sighting or observation.

Now, acting as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output all the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 36 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. 

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Redacted]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document.

Text extracted from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 7 day May 1967 Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
The object was moving very slow and silent except for a distant noise like a jet engine but not as loud. The object appeared to have navigational lights on the ends like an airplane but no wings or fuselage were observed. The object was metallic in appearance and was hovering at a low altitude over the mountains.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

ATTN OP TDST/UFO 26 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, Apr 67

TO: Major Stone
6331 Tactical Sq
G-2396 AFB, California 92393

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Please complete the attached PID Form 16 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

/signed/
JOSEPH F. WINKLER, Major, USAF 
Chief, Evaluation and Analysis Division

Encl: 
1 Atch
PID Form 16 w/envelope

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text from the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDZT/UFO                                                                                  26 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation Apr 67

TO: Major Stone
123rd Tactical Sq
George AFB, California 92393

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD form 164 and return it to this office. Thank you for reporting your observation.

S. C. MANAHT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from the Department of the Air Force Foreign Technology Division at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, addressed to Major Charles Reach in Fort Irwin, California. The letter acknowledges the receipt of the observer's unidentified observation and states that the information provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. The letter is signed by Major C. Manatt, Colonel, USAF, Director of Technology and Subsystems.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFDC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDZT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, Apg 67

TO: Major Charles Reach
Fort Irwin, California 92310

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Please complete the attached VFD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

CHARLES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document.

Scanned 1967-04-7452951-Ft-Erwin-California.pdf7.txt:

Sighted 16475 TO
6 Jtmirion 3:10 PMPMalrout uneaaXamintl (4-3 I
Volition Stone 
16:12 Schobl
47486
Hague, II) 
Subject Sec uRity caae
Ceaortr Wijo film C4itent
S-2 Firat Arnorea l)i'?iAion,
Ft Er iin, Cal.iZ ornia
1  .
-

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire form for reporting UFO sightings.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object that you have observed. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request that you answer as many questions as possible. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?

2. Time of day:  2:55 A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern  b. Central  c. Mountain  d. Pacific  e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Lit de Camp military town, Fort Erwin, California

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 1 Hours 20 Minutes 0 Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Certain

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Day: Clear  b. Night: Bright

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you  b. To the left of you  c. To your right  d. Overhead  e. Don't remember

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with a questionnaire about sightings of unidentified objects.

TRANSCRIPTION:

H. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

H.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None 
b. A few
c. Many
d. Can't remember

H.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

a. As a light
b. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up or slow down at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flare? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which appears to be a questionnaire or report form about a UFO sighting.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? YES I didn't see it disappear, it just wasn't there anymore.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one) YES (NO) Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle one) YES (NO) Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: 
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound No sound at all
b. Color Appeared to be metallic object, bright silver in color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 2-3 inch
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you may have seen such as wings, protuberances, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving. DIRECTION IS PERMANENT

- page 10 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book UFO report.

The text in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approx. 1-1.5 miles EAST

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an aircraft (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city? 
c. In open country?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. East c. South d. Southeast f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: ___________________________________________________________

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document and contains various sketches, diagrams, and instructions related to observing and reporting unidentified flying objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 12 -

