PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
4 Apr 67     5/00222

2. LOCATION
Hatboro, Pennsylvania     (Multiple) ✓

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (AIRCRAFT)
[handwritten: Just puzzling. But very Unusual!]

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
civilian

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated that the object was as bright as a dim headlight. Object went straight out into space. Object had no distinct sound. Observer stated that the object was white, orange, black and red.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
East-West

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
PTD SYP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     9th     April     1967
                                               Day     Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting. There were Three red lights at the end . When it was directly over head it had eight lights on the bottom.It had fire shooting outof the back. When first seen, the object was a bright light. It had two white lights in the front .


- page 2 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD:

Received call from Mr. [REDACTED] Circle, Hatvoro, Pa. He and a friend had seen something most unusual. They had seen a amber colored object in the sky traveling toward the western sky. [REDACTED] said he would complete any forms sent.


- page 3 -

[handwritten: A/c (possible)]     [handwritten: Mar 67]

1

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO                                                  6 March 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation,
                                                         Hotboro, Pennsylvania
                                                         4 April 67

TO:     [REDACTED]
        Hatboro, Penn.  19040

Reference your unidentified observation.  The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided.  Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

[signature]
JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF          1 Atch
Director of Technology and Subsystems    FTD Form 164 w/envelope

[handwritten margin: TDET/UFO Colonel 164 30v1]


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
4th          April          1967
Day          Month          Year

2. Time of day:     7     20
                  Hour  Minutes
(Circle One):    A.M.    or    ( P.M.)

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): (a. Eastern )
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other ____

(Circle One):  a. Daylight Saving
              (b. Standard)

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[REDACTED]               Hatboro               Pa.
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town          State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                    10
Hours          Minutes          Seconds
( a. Certain )                  c. Not very sure
  b. Fairly certain             d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    clock

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes  X     No ____

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                         NIGHT
a. Bright                  ( a. Bright )
b. Cloudy                    b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
              b. In back of you      e. Overhead
              c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FTD     FORM
FTD OCT 62 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 5 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):              8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                               a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                              b. Dull moonlight
  ( c. Many )                          (  c. No moonlight - pitch dark )
    d. Don't remember                     d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):                  WEATHER (Circle One):
( a. Clear sky )                     ( a. Dry )
  b. Hazy                              b. Fog, mist, or light rain
  c. Scattered clouds                  c. Moderate or heavy rain
  d. Thick or heavy clouds             d. Snow
                                       e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid
    b. Transparent                   ( d. As a light )
    c. Vapor                           e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter
    b. Dimmer                       ( c. About the same )
                                      d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
A dim headlight

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
            ( b. Like a bright star )
              c. Sharply outlined
              d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                              (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?        (Yes)    No       Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  (Yes)    No       Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?            Yes    (No)      Don't know
d. Give off smoke?                            Yes    (No)      Don't know
e. Change brightness?                        (Yes)    No       Don't know
f. Change shape?                              Yes    (No)      Don't know
g. Flash or flicker?                         (Yes)    No       Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?                    Yes    (No)      Don't know


- page 6 -

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes. It went straight out into space.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    ( No )    Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: ____

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):    Yes    ( No )    Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ____

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound    None
b. Color    white,orange,black,and red.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?  3/4

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[NON-TEXT PAGE: hand-drawn sketch of oval-shaped object with circular lights labeled "FIRE", "Lights", "another green", "staple up", "Bottom", "FRONT", "BACK", "Bright light", with arrows indicating direction of travel]


- page 7 -

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    (Yes)    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?    150 m.p.h.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    (Yes)    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    300 ft.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
  a. Inside a building
  b. In a car
( c. Outdoors )
  d. In an airplane (type)
  e. At sea
  f. Other ____

23. Were you (Circle One)
  a. In the business section of a city?
  b. In the residential section of a city?
  c. In open countryside?
( d. Near an airfield? )
  e. Flying over a city?
  f. Flying over open country?
  g. Other ____

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
  a. North      c. East       e. South      g. West
  b. Northeast  d. Southeast  f. Southwest  h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    (No)    e. Binoculars    Yes    (No)
b. Sun glasses   Yes    (No)    f. Telescope     Yes    (No)
c. Windshield    Yes    (No)    g. Theodolite    Yes    (No)
d. Window glass  Yes    (No)    h. Other ____

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
a bright star


- page 8 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

[NON-TEXT PAGE: elevation diagram with degree markings 0° to 90°, "B" marked at approximately 60°, "A" marked at approximately 15°; compass rose with "A" marked at East, "B" marked at NW]

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[NON-TEXT PAGE: hand-drawn path: "B←" on left labeled "(west)" and "A (EAST)" on right, showing object traveled east to west]

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 9 -

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.   No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    ( Yes )    No

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    (Yes)    No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses: [REDACTED] Mr.andMr [REDACTED]
[REDACTED] Hatboro PA.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME    [REDACTED]
        Last Name                [REDACTED] First Name          Middle Name
ADDRESS [REDACTED]               Hatboro                        Pa.
        Street                   City            Zone           State
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]    AGE 13    SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?    Johnsville A.F.B.
4th          April          1967
Day          Month          Year


- page 10 -

