PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE/TIME GROUP: [text is partially illegible]

2. LOCATION: Queens Village, New York

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: unknown

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual

7. COURSE: unknown

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer sighted a bright orange object in the sky. It appeared to be 500 or 600 Ft high. Suddenly it rose higher and started in the direction of the observer. As the object passed over the observer noticed that it was triangular and had a purple, white, green light on the bottom.

Comments: The case was not submitted until 22 Jan 1968 at which time it was too late to investigate.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

TDET (UFO)   Maj Quintanilla/70916/mha/15 Peo 68                                                16 FEB 1963

UFO Observation, April 4, 1967

Queens Village, New York  11428

1. This replies to your letter of January 22, 1963. We appreciated learning of your unusual experience of April 4, 1967, and will file your letter for information purposes. At this late date it would be impossible to undertake a detailed investigation. It is important that a witness report his observation as soon as possible, thus enabling Air Force analysts to perform a comprehensive investigation.

2. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate


- page 2 -

and higher and then started to glide slowly coming in our direction. This time maybe it was about 700 feet up in the sky. The thing passed over us, but slowly enough so I could see the shape and just how many lights it had on it. It was a triangular shaped thing, and had three lights at the bottom of it. One was purple, another was white, and another was green. This time my brother and I followed it. The color changed from orange to red. We came to our house. Again the color changed from red to white, and it slid away.

Now don't tell me & saw a plane or some other explanation. This was a U.F.O... Even though I'm 12 years old, I know a U.F.O. when I see one...

Sincerely,

(P.S. I am sending you a tracing of my own to show you which way the object went.)


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

1428, New York
January 22, 1963

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
"Project Bluebook"
Wright-Patterson A.F. Base

Dear Sir:

I know you get thousands of letters each year concerning UFOs (Unidentified Flying Objects).
But please, please take heed to this one.

This is my story:

It was the night of April the 4th, 1967. My brother and I were going up to the delicatessen, exactly one block down from our house. I looked up into the sky and saw a red light, & thought it was just an airplane light.

After coming out of the store we decided that we'll take the longer route home just for fun. Again I looked up, glancing around until I saw a bright (when I mean bright, & mean bright!) orange object. It was hovering about 500 or 600 feet about a house. I called to my brother and pointed upward to where the object was.

Suddenly the orange object rose higher...


- page 4 -

