PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
17 Aug 67   18/0125Z

2. LOCATION
Beach Haven, New Jersey

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2-3 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual (BX)

7. COURSE
NW - E

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Probable (AIRCRAFT) ✓ 7/4   Alt in area.
No data presented to indicate object could not have been an aircraft.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was a round sphere having a super structure in the shape of a big cigar which had window outline from one end to the other. Object was sharply outlined. It was a brilliant white color. It moved parallel to earth, and then suddenly shot straight up into the clouds and out of sight.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this or similar object before?
Yes, Jan. 25, 1967. Approx. 10:20 pm
About one mile south of Manahawkin Ken.

31. Was on:

31.1 IF you answered YES to box, see this sheet (Check one)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list name and address:
MRS
Lafayette Hill, Penna.

32. Please give the following information:
NAME
ADDRESS     Beach Haven 08008 New Jersey
TELEPHONE    47     female

33. When and to see:
18     August     1967

N.J. State Police, Tuckerton N.J.
Frank Klein, J.R. Beardsley Trade
Shp, Bottom, N.J.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     1     Sept     1967
                                               Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The sky was clouded over completely except in the southeast.
The wind direction was southwest and I checked this out with the Coast Guard
Station log in Beach Haven.

The object suddenly appeared in the northwest approximately half-way
across the Bay (Little Egg Harbor Bay). There were no blinking lights on the
object as one sees on planes.

I looked through the binoculars at the object and saw a solid
brilliant sphere with a super-structure in the shape of a cigar (a fat cigar)
and having what looked like window outlines from one end to the other.

The object moved toward in the east, parallel to the earth, and
then suddenly shot straight up into the clouds. NOTE: The object moved
across wind.

ON THE NIGHT OF AUGUST 28, 1967, AT APPROXIMATELY 10:15 P.M., Mother
(name blacked out) and I saw another U.F.O. This object suddenly
appeared in the south - very high - and moved downward toward the southeast.

I thought at first it was a falling star or meteorite, but then the object
shot straight up and moved in a straight line, parallel to the earth, into
the northeast at a fantastic rate of speed. Mother witnessed the object also.

The wind direction that night was northwest. There was no moonlight but the
stars were bright. The object had no blinking lights at all. As I said, the
speed was fantastic, like the U.F.O. my husband and I saw the night of January
25, 1967, at approximately the same time.

(Unclear text at bottom)


- page 3 -

I am more than interested in learning the identity of this object, as well as the object my husband and I saw the night of Jan. 25th and the 2nd object mother and I saw the night of Aug. 28th. If you cannot identify them, that is one thing, but if you can, then please advise me. Thank you.


- page 4 -

Pending

17 Aug 67

UDES/UFO (Maj Quintanilla/70916/mhs/5 Sep 67)
UFO Observation, 17 August 1967

Operations
U.S. Coast Guard
Beach Haven, New Jersey 03003

1. The Aerial Phenomena Branch is investigating an unidentified flying object report which occurred over the Beach Haven, New Jersey area at approximately 2125 EDT, 17 August 1967. The object appeared suddenly in the northwest, approximately one or two miles over the Little Egg Harbor Bay. The object was very brilliant, appeared to be approximately the size of a golf ball, and was moving toward the east, parallel to the earth.

2. Request information on any type of air activity in the area which could have accounted for the observation. Possibly, someone at the Coast Guard base observed the same or similar UFO. Any information you provide will be helpful in our investigation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

SEP 6 1967


- page 5 -

TREASURY DEPARTMENT
UNITED STATES COAST GUARD

Address reply to:
Commanding Officer
Bonds Coast Guard Station
Beach Haven, N.J. 08738

13 September 1967

From: Commanding Officer, Bonds C.G. Station
To: Director of Technology and Subsystems, USAF

Subj: UFO Observation, 17 August 1967

Ref: (a) TDT/UFO ltr. dtd. 6 September 1967

1. In reply to reference (a), this unit did not have any boats on patrol, in the Beach Haven, N.J. area on the evening of 17 August, 1967, and no sightings of UFO's were reported by personnel on duty at this station.

2. There were no overdue small craft on that date so there was no Coast Guard air activity in the area at that time.

F.V. McMAHON GIBSON USCG

Keep Freedom in Your Future With U.S. Savings Bonds


- page 6 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORDS

Observer has a sighting for 26 Jan. 1967 from Manasqwan, New Jersey. The sighting was evaluated as (poss). Satellite.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Prob Aircraft                                                17 Aug 67

TEEN/UFO (Ma) Quintanilla/70916/msa/20 Sep 67)                20 Sep 67

UFO Observation, 17 August 1967

Base Operations
McGuire AFB, New Jersey 08641

1. The Aerial Phenomena Branch is in receipt of an unidentified flying object (UFO) report from Beach Haven, New Jersey on 17 August 1967 at 2125 hours, EDT. The object appears to have been a light that moved toward the east and after approximately two minutes disappeared into the clouds.

2. Request information on whether your radar covers this area and if any unidentified or identified tracks were noticed at the time of the sighting. If there were any conventional aircraft in the area, or if you have any information as to a possible cause of the sighting, this information would be appreciated.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems


- page 8 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 438th AIR BASE GROUP (MAC)
McGUIRE AIR FORCE BASE, NEW JERSEY 08641

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 0430(CSC)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 17 August 1967 (Ltr, TWX, TO, 20 Sep 67)

TO: FTD Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. This and our local NORAD cover Beach Haven, New Jersey but neither agency recall any incident on this particular date. Research of local logs reveal no unusual occurrence on 17 August 1967 at 2125 EDT.

2. On 17 August 1967 at the approximate time and place of the sighting (Lat. 39° 36' N, Long. 74° 13' W) there was a low level illumination at 1,000' approximately 1,000' square as was locally heading. One or twice observed.

3. It is very difficult to determine what may have caused the phenomenon at this late time.

4. If we can be of any further assistance please let us know, my duty phone is 609 724-2100 Extension 2711/2742.

[Signature of an officer]
[Typed name and title partially obscured]


- page 9 -

Beach Haven, N. J.
08008

August 18, 1967

Colonel James C. Manatt, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems
Department of the Air Force
Headquarters Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Dear Colonel Manatt:

Last evening I saw what I can only call an unidentified flying object
about 9:25 P.M. My mother witnessed the object also.

Enclosed is a chart showing the south end of Long Beach Island and
Little Egg Harbor Bay. On the chart I have indicated approximately where we
first sighted the object over the Bay in the northwest, the easterly course it
took and approximately where the object went straight up and disappeared.

The sky above and in the northwest was cloudy - high, dark clouds.
The object appeared suddenly in the northwest, approximately a mile and a half
over the Bay. Using a landmark, it suddenly appeared over Shelter
Island. The object was very brilliant and about the size of a golf ball and
was moving toward the east, parallel to the earth. We see many planes flying
both high and low and one can see their form and can either or both port
and starboard lights. However, we could see none of these lights on the object.

I looked through the binoculars and saw the object quite, in fact,
very clearly and it then appeared as big as a large Naval orange and had a
super-structure over it, which was not nearly as brilliant and which was the
shape of a cigar or mushroom top and I could discern what seemed to be windows.
Mother then took the binoculars and followed the object as it moved easterly
and very suddenly the object moved up out of her range of vision and disappeared
in the clouds. I watched it with my naked eyes and saw the object vanish. We
waited for fifteen or twenty minutes but it never re-appeared.

This morning I called the Coast Guard in Beach Haven, the State Police
Barracks in Tuckerton and also Frank Klein of the Long Beach Island Board of Trade
to ascertain if anyone else saw the object and to try to get more information
about it.

Please do let me know if you can ascertain the identification of the
object we saw. Thank you.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature redacted]

P.S. At the time we saw the abovementioned object, the wind was blowing from
the southwest, which I checked out with the Coast Guard log.


- page 10 -

Text from the document:

SMUGGLERY DOCK 12th St at the Bay, BEACH HAVEN New Jersey
FISHING CHART

CAUTION:
NOT to be used for
Navigational
Purposes

This chart for
FISHING ONLY

[Legend]
□ Islands
□ Sand bars
Indicated water depth at mean low tide

[Additional notes in bottom right corner about marker numbers and their locations, but text is partially illegible]

The document appears to be a hand-drawn fishing chart of the Beach Haven area in New Jersey, showing various islands, sand bars, and water depths around Little Egg Harbor.


- page 11 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDDY/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 17 Aug 67

TO: [Redacted]
Beach Haven, New Jersey

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
17 August 1967
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 9 25
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted] Beach Haven Ocean Co., New Jersey
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
2 or 3 min.
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? checked time after object vanished
5.2 Was object in sight continuous? Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Day              a. Bright
b. Bright           b. Cloudy
c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Went straight up and vanished into clouds

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes ( No ) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes ( No ) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound at all
b. Color: brilliant white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1/4

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included showing a semicircle with markings and a circle below it, with an arrow indicating movement direction]


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors   *
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other Looking over the Bay

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over country?
g. Other Sea Shore - on Bay side
of Island

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North             c. East             e. South             g. West
b. Northeast         d. Southeast        f. Southwest         h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ________miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses        (Yes)   No       e. Binoculars        (Yes)   No
b. Sun glasses       Yes     No        f. Telescope         Yes     No
c. Windshield        Yes     No        g. Theodolite        Yes     No
d. Window glass      Yes     No        h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A round sphere having a super structure shape in the shape of a big cigar which had window outlines from one end to the other.


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 17 -

