The shared image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, consisting of a typed form with various fields filled in.

27 FEB 67 28/01/192 GRAND HAVEN, HOLLAND, MICHIGAN (3 MILES) 
UNIDENTIFIED
AERO (VEHICLE)
1 HOUR 15 MINUTES
CIRCULAR-VISUAL (DX) 
GRAYISH
NO PHOTOS
YES
YES

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image contains a scanned document with text describing an observation of an unidentified flying object.

0.075 of the field width, or three degrees. As a reference, subtending three degrees at a distance of ten miles would have 1233 feet. If the comparison with the moon given by the witness is indeed an angular diameter of 1/2 the diameter of the moon at the same distance, would have a diameter of 75 feet. However, these size estimates are highly unreliable. The witness indicated that at the distance of the object, it would have appeared to be as big as the distance of a one-story house from the position of the witness. At the distance at which the object was seen, the subtended size would have a visual angle well beyond the resolution of the human eye; a point-source would look that big. The object had a blue-green patch of light on its lower left quadrant. His witness' diagram and description indicate a patch on the lower left quadrant. The objects seen at 9:00 PM by the witness and his rider through binoculars at 7:30 PM.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

In this one-day investigation, many witnesses known to have observed an object on the night in question were not interviewed; the investigation therefore did not result in collecting as complete information as could be drawn are tentative.

It appears certain that the initial sighting by the Undersheriff Investigator at night bright light source or extended diameter, located three miles northwest of Holland and between 15 to 20 miles out into Lake Michigan; its altitude, if the elevation estimate of less than 1,000 feet. The angles of view could have less than 65 degrees apart, probably too wide to be covered by an intense lighting.

Since these sightings occurred at the same time that the object due west from Lake Michigan could not have been the same object; it appears possible that he was looking at Venus, it is not either below the horizon to be seen as a low bank of clouds in the west, prior to sighting the next object, because it disappeared from the westerly position into the western horizon.

The second object which appeared to the northwest, apparently contrasted with the object that had just disappeared over the horizon and came rapidly south and stopped abruptly over the ready access line of sight, convex some three miles from the lakeshore and north of Grand Haven. The sudden, vertical left-to-right movement soon by intermittent, followed by a stop, present.

- page 3 -

The shared image does not appear to contain a photograph. It seems to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically the 1967-02-9733688-GrandHaven-Holland-Michigan.pdf4.txt file.

Text from the document:

"As a witness, may well be taken as what amount of the object to his right. The lines of sight are probably within the range over which landing lights could appear distant objects.

If that is true, then the later views could not have involved Venus, for Venus's testimony tends to show that Venus never left the visible (or was temporarily obscured) prior to the sudden disappearance. On the other hand, it is noted that all of the views except the first two (are correlated, and) were in fact views of Venus, since one with the views shown here was in fact Venus, which is no longer exists in the sense.

It should be mentioned that the witness says he did see Venus some time as he saw the first object; Venus, he says, was higher and slightly to the south. We are very sure that Venus does not look like what they saw. How, subject of Venus had been brought up prior to this investigation, it would be difficult to determine exactly what it was that Venus.

According to ephemeris-based calculations, Venus should about one degree north of west at 8:45 PM, EST. At 8:20, it would have been 12/3 degrees above the horizon, and about three degrees below the first saw an object. Unless the additions to an observer capable of seeing within 1.5 degree of the horizon, Venus should have been visible the horizon."

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. The text in the document reads as follows:

A timetable of events, with considerable uncertainty, as follows:

8:19 - Called by dispatcher: sees object to NW
8:20 - Overhears calls: sees object to west
8:22 - It sees object to NW, does out side and calls
8:25 - Turns down Riley Street, Heerespink o Cedar Street. Sees object, not watching
8:27 - Object appears outside again: first object seen suddenly appears, moves to position over road. Sees object again, object in west.
8:35 - Lost object behind houses, sees object to west.
8:36 - Lost object - faded or moved down.
8:37 - Object disappears suddenly without notice to south.
8:40 - Arrives at lakeshore: nothing visible
9:00 - Sees objects to south. 
9:30 - Sees 2 in binoculars, report UFO in middle of course.

The principal objections to some possible explanations are (a) the rapidity and size of the object (b) the sound and (c) the sudden disappearance. Confidential motives.

Brightness. UFO reports were received at Ottawa County Department by the investigator, which involved an extremely bright object identified as Venus. This took place the evening of the same date. The object - he said it was much brighter, but Venus loses its brilliance and appears 2 - 3 magnitudes dimmer than normal.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text in the document describes an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting, including details about the size, brightness, and motion of the object observed. The text mentions that the witnesses described the object as being as bright as Venus and approximately the size of a baseball at 500 feet. The document also describes the object making sudden, fast movements and then disappearing.

A 250 candlepower landing light focused to a 10-degree beam appear to be of magnitude -6 at a distance of ten miles - over 10 times as bright as Venus. However, in one case the beam width would be 35 degrees, reducing the brightness to magnitude -2, diminishing the brilliance greatly. Since the light against a black background was round and of considerable size. The witnesses gave greatly varying estimates of size, from 1/12 degree to 3 degrees, for the same object; however, that it was much smaller than the moon (1/2 degree). The size was given as that of a baseball at 500 feet, which is about 1 1/2 degrees. It would look larger than that, owing to spreading of light in the atmosphere.

The red and green lights seen right and left of the main light were observed intermittently - these, of course, would be the green running lights of an airplane.

Motions. The most striking motions were those reported (90 degrees in 10 minutes) and the sudden stopping over the road and disappearing instantaneously). I could not mention - it was "too fast to follow". He said at one point the object disappeared, but I could tell which way it went" - meaning the information came at the instant of disappearance. He did not see any streak of light. Under the circumstances, reasonable to suppose that there was an involuntary imprecise visual phenomenon, but no actual motion. The light simply went out.

If the sudden appearance seen by a single witness provided with observation of fast motion from the left, there is considerable reason to doubt the reality of the appearance. The light simply went out.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated UFO sightings.

The text on the page appears to be a detailed report or analysis of some kind of observed aerial phenomena. It discusses the movements and behavior of an unidentified object, including descriptions of jumps, motions, and the use of binoculars to observe it. The report also discusses the conclusions drawn from the observations, stating that the objects are not identifiable and cannot be conclusively determined to be conventional or unconventional.

Here is the full text transcribed from the image:

for the idea that the light simply turned on suddenly. In any case, that Heersprink had been watching an object to his left and then suddenly an object straight ahead would be enough to explain the impression. notion from left to right. This is a well-known phenomenon of sorts.  
The jumps from left to right and up-and-down all subtended an angle of more or less. Involuntary motions of the eye could account for these jumps.
It is significant that Gryzen did not see the westerly object move; he was confused and had lost the window as a stabilizing reference. This was sure that when he was viewing an object with well-focused binoculars, jumps occasionally out of the field of view - but that is exactly how an object would move with the binoculars resting on the curved surface of a patrol car.
Lacking observing experience with magnifying optics, a witness could to realize that what looks like a large motion could be caused by the binoculars too small to feel.
In short, there is much about the observed motions that can be accounted for by well-known properties of perception.
Conclusions
The appearance of those objects which are not identifiable to which is similar to that expected from aircraft landing lights. However, specific details could be identified, this conclusion does not prove that the cause was in fact airplane landing lights. The existence of the sightings, however, makes it impossible to conclude that a definitely unconventional object was present. The objects remain unidentified, meaning neither to be unconventional or known to be conventional.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. Here is the text extracted from the image:

Position of Venus from Grand Haven, Michigan, March 1, 1967 (UT)
Longitude of Grand Haven (Lakeshore) 5h 44m 56s
Sidereal Time at 0h 0m, March 1 (19:20 PM EST, Feb 28) 11h 52m 13s 
Right Ascension of meridian, Grand Haven 6h 07m 17s
Right Ascension of W. horizon, Grand Haven 6h 07m 17s
Right Ascension, Venus, 0:20 UT, March 1 6h 28m 36s
Time, Venus to reach geometric horizon uncorrected for declination 17h 19s
Declination of Venus = +16 40'
Correction due to declination
Time, Venus to reach geometric horizon 23m 31s
Time of Venus-set, geometric horizon = 8:43:31 PM EST, February 28
Elevation of Venus, 5:20 PM EST = 4.27° above geometric horizon
Elevation of Venus, 5:35 PM EST = 1.34° above geometric horizon
Azimuth of Venus, 5:20 PM EST = 266.3°
Azimuth of Venus, 5:35 PM EST = 271°

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a hand-drawn sketch or diagram. The sketch appears to be a map or diagram of an area labeled "LAKE MICHIGAN". The diagram contains various lines, angles, and measurements, suggesting it may be some kind of survey or technical drawing related to the lake or its surroundings.

LAKE MICHIGAN
15' 50" 
169 1/4'
176' 9"
166'
158' 26"
162' 28"
130' 1/4"
109' 1 1/2"
RILEY ROAD

- page 9 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or notes, including a sketch of a shape labeled "Eff white" and some calculations with angles and measurements.

12 - 5 ft 9 wes
1/2/1958
215 11" - 72 = 1.25 degrees

- page 10 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a hand-drawn sketch or diagram, showing an oval shape labeled "off white" and the text "Blue Green".

BLUE GREEN
off white

- page 11 -

The image contains a report from William T. Powers regarding sightings at Grand Haven and Holland, Michigan on February 29, 1967. The report describes an investigation conducted by the Ottawa County Sheriff's Department into reports of an unidentified object. The report states that the investigation involved interviews with three men who had given their stories, as well as visits to the locations where the sightings occurred and the taking of photographs. The report also mentions that officials from the Grand Haven Airport and the Muskegon County Airport were interviewed to establish details about the sighting, which was determined to be an unidentified aircraft, not the planet Venus.

Here is the complete text from the document:

Sightings at Grand Haven and Holland, Michigan  
February 29, 1967

William T. Powers

In response to news reports and telephoned reports to the Grand Haven Observatory, an investigation was conducted into reports of an unidentified object in the Ottawa County area.  

There were reports of other sightings as well, which were not directly investigated.

A meeting was set up for March 3 in the Ottawa County Sheriff's Department offices, with the above-mentioned officers present. The three men had given their stories, visits were made to each point where a sighting was made, and later photographs were taken from locations containing angle measurements.

At Grand Haven Airport and FAA controllers at Muskegon County Airport (38 miles north of Grand Haven) were interviewed to establish the nature of the object in question. The results indicate that an object was sighted which was not the planet Venus and not aircraft with its landing lights on, but enough ambiguity remains to conclude that what was seen was unconventional.

On remanding it, when a call was heard over a monitor radio in the dispatcher at Ottawa County Headquarters was asking, then in a patrol car in Holland, whether he could see an object.

- page 12 -

The image contains a handwritten sketch of what appears to be an unidentified flying object or UFO. The sketch includes an oval shape labeled "CSF" and an additional note stating "to moon". The image does not contain any photographs.

CSS UFO
to moon

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document related to Project Blue Book.

unidentified civilian had reported by telephone. said
he was headed north on Highway 3l and would soon be clear of the
this time, He passed hia parked car about 20 riies mhiws ne was
Wasaing end about 14 miles from the lakefrout overhead the carratitied that he had a bright object in view to the southwest. was
on aae with referance to landmarks and the road # direction
degrees south of west, or bearing 21o degrees. This sighting
within a few seconds of the radio message, and so Wwas just after
Two to three minutes later, the witness now located at the
or Holland and about 25 miles from the point where the reported sighting
object to the northeast; the bearing tc the object was
furnished. The object proceeded north. About 1/2 mile further, this:
where Highway 31 crosses Lakewood Blvd., a comparison of
yard: the object was reported as being ruch smaller. The
viewed by the investigator at night, and would be of stellar mag-
the rolo—. Brighter than Venus At this the angle of view
proceeded to Riley Avenue, 1-1/2 miles further east.
which point the object appeared to be nearly over Riley Avenue,
eaatoes Street. He turned down Riley, west, and proceeded from the
until the object was lost to sight over some dunes, he spent the

- page 14 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

to seven minutes finding a road over the dunes, and by the time they were in the vicinity of the lakefrond, the object was no longer visible.
On the basis of testimony alone, the object have been about over the lakefrond, or perhaps offshore a mile or so from an unidentified woman living just off Hiley road just the
Sally Averum, who was able to state from the earlier witnesses, as she reported it was observing about 8:20. This is not inconsistent with other report.
As near as can be determined, a the initial view of the object coincided with the evening observation, or followed it a few minutes a five minutes, which is enough time for the witness to reach his first point of observation at Chicago Drive and Hiley Road.
There were two lines of sight from the highway 31 and Hiley also passed through this area.
At about 8:15 this time, the witness reported the object was a silver disc blobby, with a definite outline, reminds his mind of the figure of a sheriff Grysen's position. The line of sight from Highway 31 and Hiley also passed through this area.
As soon as the witness saw the object, he said, it dive bombed to the nearest cottage: he had not gone to look after hearing f-figuring that this was just another UFO report, of which he had had so many. He then went to the window, and immediately saw an object smaller in size hovering about 50 feet above the trees (his upward view was restricted to that amount). The object observed at this point could not have been the same as the one watched for a few minutes and then disappeared. The second object was simply vanish from view.

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this document. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

his cottage to call the office, while talking to the office he saw his object, as seen from inside the cottage. the object went into tc see his jacket, and when he retrieved the object was gone.
The direction to the object was slightly southeast or due east. At about the time the object had reached **** and turned vest on **** (also known as Gross Street). He and his (first interested in seeing the object in right for a time, but lost interest when it actually runs about thirty degrees from 10th Avenue to about Beach Avenue, and then turned one way to Hescrapink's story, and also in accord with information given, Hescrapink had travelled about 1/4 mile up the first, NW Cottage, and had lost sight of the object for a moment, when it came in from the left and stopped over the road. The real does not run straight for about 1/2 mile, so this motion could not have been out in the road. But in the area where the car was during the investigation, when the car was stopped, the investigation addresses on the nearest mailbox indicated a location at about 30 degrees from the car, so the conclusion on a straight stretch of road. In other words the object appeared to be hovering over the road - in fact, it was probably not visible at all position, because of the trees.The time at which the object was the sighting was at about 9:25 to 9:27. The witness is he saw the object in motion; it stopped abruptly.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of UFO reports from the United States Air Force.

Greysen by about this time had put on his jacket and hat. He had been outside for perhaps thirty seconds, when he cought be took to be the same object, but this time at a bearing of 3 to 4 degrees, consideded [sic] from a position almost straight above. His impression was that the object appeared suddenly. During this time, he was watching his object to be slightly more north of sight, definitely divergen t [sic] from an earlier position, and therefore he was observing a different object, but still possibly not Venus unless he lost sight of the original that was still on Hilliey. The lines of sight of the object were estimated to be at a height of from about 3000 to 1500 feet, at Grand Haven and out over Lake Michigan. The distance was estimated to be a short distance, four or five miles in distance of interaction, mostly due to lack of clearance landmarks. This line had to be within two or correct since the road to South Haven to 118th Ave. is circa 200 yards to the west. Size of the object for a considerable stretch; the road made full observation of the object, making due west and then slightly southeast of area being a telephone pole, to establish a line of sight to the object. Five degrees to the left and no more than three to four degrees above the horizon (feeling roughly) and no more than three to four degrees above the horizon (horizon ceiling level). At this point, he was looking about for say degrees to the left and right, trying to determine actual elevation of the object from the horizon.

- page 17 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

Where he had seen the object come to a sudden stop over the road, nor may have been looking at Venus. He then proceeded to watch as the object slowly descended to the miles where he parked and watched as it just east of west, as it dimmed and brightened several times, and either went down or turned off. The time when this, according to Mr. Venus would have been between 1:15 degrees above the horizon - and would have been behind the distant tree line.

He reported that he watched the object to the northwest as it descended at an angle and disappear behind the trees in the southwest. He was in the house after it disappeared, which was, according to the witness, about 15 minutes. He estimated that the time the last motion at about 8:30. However, this time estimate may have not been the last time of sight was from a position about 2 miles south of west. At this same time, * was observing from the northwest, and remarked at one point that the object did dim and seem to go back up in the direction it had come from before it shot off to the south.

Therefore, it is possible that (A) Venus had set below the tree line in the time between 1:30, and was rising again as the object, which had moved closer to along * s line of sight. If that is the case, the object was the actual planet Venus. On the other hand, the object was about two miles offshore and 2.7 miles north of *, because that is the last known of sight cross. On the other hand, the object was about two miles offshore and 2.7 miles north of *, because that is the last known of sight cross.

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a report or document.

The text in the document reads as follows:

"it is possible that     of was still watching Venus; his vision remained concentrated was net entirely open, but appeared to be slightly blurred by stress. This is supported to some extent by the fact that he saw the sudden departure to the south; his object was down still in the west.

he then headed down, toward Buchanan Street, in the direction where the first object he had seen appeared to be. On the way he took the wallet in a store, and gave him a ticket; then he proceeded with it, within time being now close to 9:50 PM. As he came south over a hill the that's North-South (3-1/2') he sighted two objects that appeared to be but dimmer and farther travelling parallel courses to the southeast. These objects passed across the lights of Holland some fifteen miles to the south, both of them the eastmost one then went very fast straight down behind trees, nor see again. The other two objects left swiftly then jumped abruptly to the right, and then back to the left in a manner, several times, finally remaining stationary. The first one that he had sighted and eight established as his destination, no the motion.

At about 9:20, two calls were received. From residents. Blair was twelve miles ESE of Grand Haven, and Penna."

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text describing an observation of a UFO near Grand Haven, Michigan. As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

miles SW of Blair, in Holland. Both saw a bright object to the east, the other observer, so the object was between them. Neither claimed to be interviewed. After these reports, we questioned the "variable Hill" on the Lakeshore (Grand Haven) and obtained statements regarding this object with binoculars. It had the same appearance as the original object, a round white light flanked by red and green patches. They were then to the northwest, watching an airplane in the field of view below the object. There was no resemblance. 
All of the witnesses went out to look at Venus several times that evening, making a statement to justify their having been watching Venus. They all agreed that Venus was unusually large and not nearly as bright. The light was a "blinding type" similar to igniting magnesium. The two observers had remarked to the owner that the appearance was much more striking. 
All had also seen airplane landing lights; in fact, we investigated a sighting about a year before and had found the airplane landing lights. He said this present object was much larger and was not similar at all.
All witnesses agreed that the light had physical size, were 1/2 to 3/4 inches across the moon. Indicated size, I think, and forefinings, however, were around 3/4 to one inch, in a size of about two degrees. Remarked that the 9:30 object in 7 x 50 binoculars had about the same apparent size as the moon. When seen with the naked eye in the binoculars was a "teticle", and of this it was established that the apparent size in binoculars.

- page 20 -

