There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 4/20/302
2. LOCATION: Springfield, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: None stated
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground visual
7. COURSE: None stated
8. PHOTOS: Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: Yes

- page 1 -

This page from a Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. 

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

May 12, 1967

Dear [REDACTED],

Reference your letter regarding your observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

A detailed investigation revealed that you probably observed the planet Venus, which, at the time of the sighting, was low in the western sky. Venus, with a stellar magnitude of -3.5 on April 3, 1967, would have been the brightest astronomical body in the western sky.

We had no additional reports from your area on the night of April 3, 1967; however, for the past month and a half, Venus has been very prominent in the western sky during the early evening hours.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information
Wittenberg University
Springfield, Ohio 45501

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the document is as follows:

Letter of 4 April 1967
Reference your letter of 4 April 1967 regarding your observation of an unidentified flying object. A detailed investigation revealed that you probably observed the planet Venus which, at the time of the sighting, was low in the western sky. Venus, with a stellar magnitude of -3.5 on 3 April 1967, would have been the brightest astronomical body in the western sky.  

We had no additional reports from this area on the night of 3 April 1967; however, for the past month and a half, Venus has been responsible for numerous UFO observations.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. The image appears to be a page from a typed document that includes handwritten notes and text.

Text transcription:
Vieane 10 city .,9_30 a
Witness
April 36, -- 1965,
Grange, 3.
to inform the Directo(r the Proj. Blue Boak,
Washington Tech. captf'. Division
Wiliawe V,Kf Ft. 
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

Last night (April 5, 1967) at about 9:30 P.M. I notified a police dept. in the Greater Cincinnati area about a ight in the sky which I observed over Springfield, Ohio Towers of a that is my belief that it might have been an V.F.0. Inasmuch as my report to the police dept. I have reason to believe that it is my duty to inform the Proj. Blue Book of this occurrence.

The observed light was orange or red in color and in my opinion was travelling at a speed and altitude which would rule aut a conventional aircraft. The light was in view for approximately 5 to 10 minutes. It moved in an erratic and zigzag pattern and was visible over the Springfield, Ohio area before it disappeared.

Although I realize that this may be of little importance to the Proj. Blue Book program, I felt it was my responsibility to report this sighting to you.

Sincerely yours,

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows handwritten text that appears to be part of an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Text from the document:

I wanted to let you know what I observed last evening. I was doing my routine patrol at 11:50 p.m. when I noticed what appeared to be an unfamiliar object high in the sky. It was a bright, round object that emitted a very intense light. I watched it for approximately 12:30 a.m. It moved very slowly at first, then suddenly increased in speed and disappeared from sight. I am not saying that this was necessarily an extraterrestrial craft, but it was certainly unlike any aircraft I have observed before. I would be interested to hear if anyone else in the area reported seeing this object. Please let me know if you have any other questions.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph, only handwritten text. The text appears to be a hand-written description or report of some kind.

As per your request, here is the text transcribed from the image:

Some of the explanation that went through my mind is that I was somewhat amazed at what I actually saw, something that I really can not define very accurately in my own mind yet. I saw something that I feel was a little bit unusual.

My address is:
[REDACTED]
Springfield, Ohio 45504

Sincerely,
[REDACTED]

- page 6 -

