The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DAT - 19 Mar 67 TIME GROUP - 15/16000
2. LOCATION - Yonkers, New York (2 Witnesses)
3. SOURCE - GCivilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS - Four
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION - 45 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION - Ground-visual
7. COURSE - 
8. PHOTOS - 
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE - No

The observer sighted and photographed several objects that appeared to be flying or resting over the bay. There is no further information on the stimuli or reason why the observation could not have been a hoax or a misidentification.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a letter from Colonel James C. Manaff of Project Bluebook, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Dayton, Ohio to an unspecified recipient.

Colonel James C. Manaff 
Project Bluebook
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio 45433

Dear Sir:
In March of this year I notified your department of an unusual sighting and subsequent 8 mm movie films I made of this sighting. I was advised by your office to fill out a questionnaire and file it to your command for evaluation. I was further advised that my film could be forwarded to an analysis unit at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base for an analysis. As of this date I have had no reply from you other than an answer to an inquiry made several months ago. Due to the number of unusual sightings being made there was a slight delay in the processing of your film. I believe that six months is simply too long for your people to examine a film submitted for your evaluation. The film I have sent you and while you may for some reason be reluctant to offer an explanation (for unable to) I should greatly appreciate the return of the film at your earliest possible convenience.
I look forward to hear from you at your earliest possible convenience.

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document. There is no photograph or image present in the document. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document.

Yonkers, New York 10710
July 19, 1967

Major Quintanilla
Project BLUEBOOK
Wright-Patterson Air Base
Dayton, Ohio 45433

Dear Sir:

In May of this year I contacted your outfit regarding the sighting of several U F O's. Twenty-five feet of 8mm color films were taken of the sighting and as your instructions I forwarded the film to you. I was told by you that after examining the pictures you would return them to me with the results of your investigation. As of this date I have not received the film or any information regarding the matter.

I am needless to say very much interested in finding out exactly what it was that I photographed and am also very much interested in having my films returned. I would very much like to hear from you about the above mentioned matter. If it is at all possible I should also like to receive some enlargements of the pictures. Thanking you in advance for a speedy reply I remain

Truly yours,

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text from the document:

JUL 3 1 1967

Dear Mr. ----,

Thank you for your recent correspondence concerning your observation and subsequent film strip of an unidentified flying object (UFO). Please excuse the delay in returning your film, however, the film was sent to the photo analysts and as yet, we have not received an answer to the photo analysis.

I wish to assure you that upon completion of analysis or evaluation, we will return your film strip, along with our findings.

Thank you for your interest in our program.

Sincerely,

HARLEY C. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Mr. ---------
Yonkers, New York
10710

SAF-OICC
-------------------------

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Photo Analysis Report from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The report is about "UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS" sighted in Yonkers, New York on 31 Mar 67. The report states that the lack of image definition precludes identification of the referenced objects. The report was prepared by Robert D. Hendry, an Intelligence Research Specialist, and approved by William K. Turner, Major, USAF, Chief of the Photo Analysis Branch.

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 68-3

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
LOCATION: Yonkers, New York
DATE: 31 Mar 67

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF ___ IR _____ QUALITY: ____

1. PURPOSE: This report is written to fulfill a request, Work Order Number 67-112, submitted by Major H. Quintanilla, Jr., TDEI/USO, to determine the identity of the unidentified objects which appear in the attached movie film.

2. ANALYSIS: Lack of image definition precludes identification of the above referenced objects.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:
ROBERT D. HENDRY
Intelligence Research Specialist 

APPROVED BY:
WILLIAM K. TURNER
Major, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

TYLER PRICE, JR.
Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with handwritten text that states "This case includes one (1) real 35mm film".

OCR Text:
This case includes one (1) real 35mm film

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

MAR 18 1963
TDPT (UFO) Maj Quintanilla/ @ 70916/mh/16 Mar 63
UFO Observation, 19 March 1967
Mr.---
Yonkers, New York 10701
1. Reference your unidentified flying object (UFO) observation of 19 March 1967 and subsequent film.
2. Photo analysis have returned your original 8mm film to our office and 1 8mm print is enclosed. Lack of image definition precluded identification of the object.
3. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force. Once again, please excuse us for the delay in returning your film.

MAJOR QUINTANILLA, JR., USAF
Chief, Aerospace Applications Research,
Aerospace Technologies Division

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed page from a Project Blue Book document, providing details about a reel of 16mm film that was removed from a file and transferred to the Audio-Visual Division of NARS (National Archives and Records Service) in March 1976.

Folder # 100 3761
Date: 19 Mar 1967
Place: Yonkers, N.Y.

One reel of 16 mm. film removed
From this file and transferred to
Audio-Visual Divisions, NARS,
March 1976.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book UFO report form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer each question as completely and precisely as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 17 MAR 62
2. Time of day: 0645 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? AIR YONKERS NEW YORK
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 30-45 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? BY WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright DAWN
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? SUN HAD NOT YET RISEN

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire from Project Blue Book, an official US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The text in the image is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply outlined
c. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or slow down at any time? Yes No Don't know
...
[The form continues with additional questions]

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a form-style layout containing various questions and space for responses.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - NONE
b. Color - METALLIC GREY

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1/3 - 1/2

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
2 SAUCER - LIKE OBJECTS - THE LARGEST ONE WAS ON THE EXTREME LEFT. THE 3 SMALLER ONES APPEARED AS SILHOUETTES.

- page 11 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch showing the motion and position of an unidentified flying object. The sketch includes a compass-like diagram, and the text below the sketch states "THEY WERE NOT MOVING", indicating that the objects observed were stationary.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. OBJECTS HARDLY MOVED - THIS ONE MOTION MADE AS SLOWLY AS POSSIBLE THAT THERE COULD BE.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling. THEY WERE NOT MOVING

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
YES NO
31.2 Please list their names:
MRS

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
Last Name First Name Middle Name
YONKERS, N.Y.
City State
TELEPHONE NO. AGE 32 SEX MALE

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Date -4/14/1967 1962 TO MILITARY PATTERSON AFB IN DAYTON, OHIO.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 3-7 April 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
The particular sighting that I am referring to occurred on March 3, 1967 in Yonkers, New York. The object was first sighted at approximately 6:30 P.M. and was observed for a period of about 10 to 12 minutes. It was a large white object, circular in shape, with a red light on top and one on the bottom. It was traveling in a southerly direction at a fairly rapid speed. The object was completely silent and seemed to hover over the surrounding area. When the object was directly overhead, it appeared to be about 150 to 200 feet in diameter. It remained stationary for several minutes and then proceeded to move away towards the southwest and disappeared from sight. While the object was stationary, a small object detached itself from the larger craft and hovered over the area for a few minutes before rejoining the main craft. As the larger craft moved away, the smaller object seemed to be drawn back to it by some magnetic or electrical force. This is the one that I particularly noticed. When the main craft took off, the smaller object joined it and both disappeared from sight. As you view the film, you will find that the larger craft is much clearer toward the end, as I was able to see the smaller object more clearly when it was closer to the main craft. Toward the beginning of the film, the larger craft is more distant and not as clear. This is the object on which I concentrated the most, and this is the one I encountered on later occasions in the film. The least four frames show the main craft as it is leaving, and this is the one I concentrated on later in the film.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text from the document:

"The film sure is of the sane persisting. 
On would greatly appreciate your returning me the film that I sent you recently. I have an important film out now, and those films and could like to have them returned to me.

I shall be forward to hearing from you in the near future.

Sincerely yours,

As your question about my camera:
A - Revere 8mm-matic model 8 CA-4
B - Wollen size 32.5mm telephoto (incorporated f1.8
C - Kodachrome II (7020) K460 daylight film
D - Shutter speed unknown
E - Shutter speed unknown 
F - No filter
G - No stand or tripod
H - I did pane across horizon
I - Camera was pointing due east - parallel to ground i 6 stories high, camera 200 feet above ground level."

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a scanned document that contains text only.

REASONABLE         RELIABLE         RESPONSIBLE

TELEPHONE 
24 HOUR SERVICE

Friday 3/24/67

Foreign Technology Division 
Wright - Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

I would like to report seeing several unidentified flying objects sighted last Sunday (3/19/67) morning from 6:00 AM thru 6:45 AM. I live in Yonkers, N.Y. and made some film of the sightings from my 16th floor apartment window. The objects appeared to be flying or floating just above the sound. I would guess about 150 feet high. I made some 8 mm movie film but the objects came back several blurred. To the honest, I had really started thinking about the objects while making the film and got quite excited. However, I live on the 16th floor of a 19 story apartment building and although the objects were quite some distance away, my pictures will prove. 

I really wanted to what you feel I should do with these films. I will gladly write you a note again when I get the film back until then I hear from you.

Truly yours,
[Signature redacted]

- page 16 -

