PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
Oct 67

2. LOCATION
Newfield, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
UNRELIABLE REPORT

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
see case

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
see case

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
see case

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)

Comments: See police report (not Publication)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The observer has seen 100 or better UFO's in the fall of 1967. He reported that one landed in a field near Newfield, New York.

Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

NOT FOR PUBLICATION

NEW YORK STATE POLICE

MEMORANDUM

Troop C Station Ithaca
Date November 7, 1967

To: Troop Commander, Troop "C", Sidney, N.Y.
From: Tpr. A.J. Hendriks

Subject: [Redacted] - UFO Complaint

1. On November 1, 1967 SP Ithaca, N.Y. called Field, N.Y. requesting to meet a patrol at 13 Benjamin Hill Rd., Newfield, N.Y. regarding Unidentified Flying Objects.

2. On November 1, 1967 wrote and Tpr. H.C. Weidman interviewed ORR at the above address. He stated that while attempting to find tracks of a flying saucer he found a carcass of a dead heifer in a field. He stated that the animal had been dead for a considerable length of time and was decomposed. He further stated that the owner of the animal, Newfield, N.Y. was aware of the dead animal and had no suspicions of the cause of death. From all indications the animal had been struck by lightning during a severe storm in the area. Further stated that a person identified as YMCA, Ithaca, N.Y. had seen numerous flying objects but were unable to produce anyone else who could substantiate their statement. During the interview it was observed that when asked what he wanted said in [redacted] mouth, he stated at no time volunteered any information. He stated he had seen many unidentified objects flying in the area but could not produce anyone who could verify his statements. During the period of alleged sightings no other person in the area has reported seeing unidentified flying objects, to the knowledge of the writer.

3. On November 1, 1967 write, Tpr. Weidman [redacted] went into the yard upon the request of [redacted]. It is to be noted that at the time nothing unusual occurred or was witnessed by any member present.


- page 2 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, October 1967

TO: Lt John Carroll
New York State Police
Ithaca, New York 14851

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object.

If you were a witness to a UFO sighting on October 1967, would you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please make a statement to this effect on the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117 w/envelope


- page 3 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 3574 AIR DIVISION (ADC)
HANCOCK FIELD
SYRACUSE, NEW YORK 13225

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 35010                                                                   8 Dec 67

SUBJECT: Investigation UFO

TO: TDPT(UFO)

1. Reference your letter of 6 Dec concerning UFO reports submitted by this Air Division.

2. Attached is a copy of the report made by the investigating officer. This report should have been forwarded with the others.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
RAYMOND H. ST JOHN JR, Capt, USAF
Chief of Information

[Handwritten note at bottom, partially illegible]


- page 4 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 3516 AIR DIVISION (ADC)
HANCOCK AFB
SYRACUSE, NEW YORK 13225

15 November 1967

TO: 4624 Air Base Sq(CGR - Lt Col Sheppard)

1. Attached is a letter report of investigation of an unidentified flying object.

2. Request further processing in accordance with Section C, Paragraph 7a, AFR 80-17.

FOR THE COMMANDER

M. W. SHARECK, JR., Colonel, USAF
Director of Operations

1 Atch
Rept of Inves. 14 Nov 67


- page 5 -

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 3570 AIR DIVISION (ADC)
HANCOCK FIELD
SYRACUSE, NEW YORK 13229

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 350IN                                                   14 November 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Investigation

TO: 350DC

1. On 9 November 1967 Lt Dennis Egan and I went to Newfield, New York, a small town 7 miles south of Ithaca, to investigate a series of UFO sightings.

2. We arrived at 1830 at the Waris residence in Newfield. Approximately 25 persons of various ages were present in this lower middle class home. Dr. J. Allen Hynek of Northwestern University and an Air Force Consultant for Project Blue Book was present. He had spoken at Wells College earlier that day and had agreed to attend.

3. Dr. Hynek opened the meeting by explaining the importance of relating UFO sightings to the size of known objects. Also, he gave a quick briefing on light sources.

4. The actual stories began with three boys ages 9, 11, and 12 who claim to have seen a large object descend to 35-40 feet near two houses. For almost two minutes the "saucer-shaped" object made noise. The object had red and white lights around the edge with strange markings above the lights. The boys saw two large windows through which they viewed two "aliens" (as they called them) seated at a large instrument panel. The "aliens" were about three feet tall, brown in color, and covered with large bumps on their upper body. The object then ascended very rapidly and was out of sight. A similar sighting occurred the following night.

5. Dr. Hynek questioned the boys concerning the length of time the object was in view. The oldest boy said about two minutes because he glanced at his watch when the object first appeared. Someone in the room asked the boys to act out what actually happened. On the spur of the moment they gave what appeared to be a well rehearsed performance which lasted about two minutes.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

6. The discussion was then centered around [redacted]. He is a white male of 23-25 years of age who stated he is "an ex-Navy man who served aboard an aircraft carrier." [redacted] called in a UFO report to 35th Air Division 26 October 1967 at 0555Z.

7. Orr claimed his first sighting was 23 October 1967 when he saw a large object descend near the Ithaca airport. Since then he claims to have seen 100 or more of these.

8. I asked Mr. [redacted] the date he made his report to the Air Force. He stated it was 26 October 1967 near midnight. The report compiled by 350CO is dated 26 October 1967 at 0555Z. [redacted] said the Air Force made a mistake and produced a telephone bill which indicated a call to Hancock Field on that date, however no answer time was listed.

9. Orr said he has seen 100 or more objects in the past three weeks. He called the New York State Police and told me that the trooper also saw the UFO. The trooper, Lt. John Carroll, stated that he saw a Mohawk turbo-pop aircraft.

10. Several persons in the group told of seeing lights in the sky, but all of their descriptions sounded similar to aircraft in the area.

11. I told [redacted] and his group that there are three high altitude aircraft routes which cross within a few miles of Newfield. I displayed a copy of an Enroute High Altitude chart, but [redacted] stated that he knew what airplane lights looked like and quickly changed the subject.

12. The discussion drifted back to "red lights", and I said that the F-111 and YF-12 are being flown around the country, (TIME and Aviation Week and Space Technology) and these are unorthodox designed aircraft which he has probably not seen. I added that it might possibly have been one of these.

13. A Mr. [redacted] from the Syracuse Post-Standard asked me if our radars would have seen an object as large as these and would we send aircraft up to identify them if they could not be identified? I replied that this was true, and no unusual incidents have occurred.

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

2


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

FOR OFFICIAL USE C.

14. The subject was changed by Orr because he wanted to read his "story." This comprised about 10-15 typewritten pages. However, Orr did not read it. Instead, William Donovan, a representative of Aerial Phenomena Research Organization, (APRO) said he would read it. (Donovan is about the same age as, and we had the impression they were old friends.)

15. Orr stated he was trying to sell his "story" to Look magazine.

16. Donovan read the manuscript which obviously was not written by Orr. The author was someone with journalistic experience. Neither Orr nor Donovan seemed capable of writing it.

17. The story said that had witnessed "jet fighters" chasing UFOs but to no avail. remarked that he felt helpless because "our defenses were useless against these objects."

18. I asked to tell me how he knew these were jet fighters. He made a comment about "lights." Donovan changed the subject at that time.

19. Later, Dr. Hynek queried about a statement in his "story" in which he mentioned reading "flying saucer" books. He admitted reading ten to fifteen of these prior to his first UFO sighting.

20. The remainder of the discussion concerned a "footprint" said he photographed, and the three boys who found broken trees in the woods near Newfield. Donovan said these trees might have been an indication that a landing had occurred.

21. As we were leaving at 2230 Donovan was asking for "all those who believe aliens were aboard these objects" to raise their hand.

22. At 2330 we arrived at the State Police station near Ithaca and asked about and Donovan. Lt Carroll said they had had reports of Donovan selling shares in APRO for $5.00 a piece.

23. It could not be determined whether and Donovan were working together for some monetary gain, or if is actually as irrational as he appeared to be.

FOR OFFICIAL USE C.

3


- page 8 -

24. The residents of [redacted] who have stated they are seeing UFO's are doing so in sincerity. These objects are unidentified to them, and all of the talk of UFO's has these people believing in them.

25. My own conclusion is that there is no threat to the 35th Air Division from these UFO sightings, and Air Force investigation in this matter should be terminated.

GERALD L. WHITE, 2D Lt, USAF
Chief, Intelligence Division

4


- page 9 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

TET (UFO) Maj Quintanilla/70916/mss/5 Dec 67

Compliance with AFR 80-17

Office of Information (35CIO)
Hancock Field

1. Reference UFO reports of 26 October 1967, 13 November 1967, 
and 20 November 1967 from 35COO-A. These reports were received 
in an envelope from 35CIO on 4 December 1967.

2. Previous conversation between Lieutenants Steel and White 
of your organization, and 2nd Lt Marano, this office, regarding 
observations by • • • indicated that Mr. • • • had phoned 
his observation in to Hancock Field, however, the report was 
supposedly misplaced and did not go any further. Subsequent con-
versation indicated that Mr. • • • was observing aircraft, according 
to a Highway Patrol investigation. Your organization indicated 
that you would obtain a copy of this report and forward it to our 
office. Our office has now received a vague, incomplete report 
on an observation made by Mr. • • • on 26 October 1967.
A report from the Highway Patrol was not been received from your 
office to date.

3. There is nothing in any of the three reports to indicate that 
they have been investigated in accordance with AFR 80-17, and 
change 1 to AFR 80-17. Request you comply with all aspects of 
this regulation. In particular, you would appreciate comments from 
the preparing officer as to what stimulus might have possibly 
caused the sighting. Also, in the comments section, it is helpful 
to our analysis if you would include those areas that you have 
checked, such as:

a. RADAR PERSONNEL - whether they had blips (identified 
or unidentified) at the time of the observation.

b. CONTROL TOWER PERSONNEL - statement as to whether the 
control tower operator observed anything unusual at the time of 
the observation.

c. LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES - often, they can provide 
information as to the reliability of the witness. Also, they may 
have received a UFO report, or additional information that may 
provide you with the stimulus of the UFO observation.

9304


- page 10 -

4. It is important that you provide all information in your report so that our office does not duplicate your investigation.

5. Most aircraft records and other important data are kept on file for only thirty days. This is just one of the many reasons for timely submission of UFO reports. If you forward a report, such as the 26 October 1967 sighting, please indicate the reasons for delay in reporting the observation.

6. Subject reports are returned to your organization for re-accomplishment. Request they be returned to this office as quickly as possible.

FOR THE COMMANDER

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

3 Atchs
1. Rpt 26 Oct 67, Ithaca, NY
2. Rpt 13 Nov 67, Cape Vincent, NY
3. Rpt 20 Nov 67, Massachusetts

Copies: Hq AF/RDGC


- page 11 -

DEPT (UFO)   Maj Quintanilla/70916/msa/3 Feb 68

UFO Observation, October 1967

Lt John Carroll
New York State Police
Ithaca, New York 14851

1. Reference our letter of 7 February 1968 in which we requested information on an unidentified observation which occurred during the month of October 1967.

2. Lt White of Hancock Field, stated that you investigated the sighting of a Mr. [redacted] but only saw a Mohawk Turbo-Prop aircraft. If possible, we would like a copy of your report on this incident.

3. We would appreciate any comments you may have as to the witness's reliability regarding his observations of unidentified flying objects.

4. Thank you for your assistance and we hope that our letter of 7 February did not confuse you too much.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (AFR 200-2)

No definite shape
Range from Small to Large
White + Green

Number 100 or Better

Nothing Definite
Ascending + descending Altitudes

Individual reported one landed in a
Path of Rd. From and Road South of Ithaca N.Y.

Reports From Others

Nature Heard

Approx 5 Min per Object

(Unreadable section about electronics)

Eyes

All Evening (the 25th Oct
Clear Sky until 2330 hrs

8 miles South of Ithaca N.Y.

Niles Representative


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Header section - partially illegible]
Sighting - mode, occasion, organization, city, location, and estimate of possibility

Observer and witnesses conditions at time and place of sighting:

1. Report from zoning areas on U.S. Weather Bureau Office of Wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots etc:
Altitude   220°   10/GTS                   20,000'   270   60 KTS
           260°   35'                       20,000'   270   90 KTS
           270    40                        20,001'   240   40 KTS
           260    50                        60,000'   260   10 KTS

2. Ceiling   700   250 @
3. Visibility   CLEAR
4. Amount of Cloud Cover   None
5. Thunderstorm in area and quadrant location   None

View, location, activity or conditions, meteorological, astronomical, or other, which might account for the "Possible Inversion up to 5000' Anthen 9000' to 11,000"
(Sgt Johnson WC)

[Rest of the document contains blank sections for:
- Description or Identification action taken
- Narrative describing city traffic in the area at time of sighting
- Information concerning officer preparing this report
- Comments and preliminary analysis of preparing officers
- Listing of physical evidence, such as samples and photographs]


- page 14 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

Subject: UFO Observation by Mr. [redacted] and Visit by Dr. J. Allen Hynek

The Staff Duty Officer of Saturday, 4 November 1967 of the 35th Air Division, Hancock Field, New York called regarding Dr. Hynek's creditability. They understand that they are to help him in investigating UFOs inaccordance with AFR 80-17. Somebody had called Friday night to Hancock Field stating that Dr. J. Allen Hynek of Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern University would be arriving on the 9th of November to investigate a UFO report. The sighting was made by a [redacted], sales representative, date unknown. According to the person calling in, the observation was made some time last week and the report never got to where it should have gone. [redacted] called into the base last Tuesday or Wednesday, calling the officer of the day. Anyway the report never got anywhere nor has anybody seen it. What the 35th Air Division wanted was to find out if Hynek was actually going to be there. Major Quintanilla informed him that Dr. Hynek was an Air Force consultant, however, we didn't know he was going to New York to investigate a sighting, and it is always coordinated through our office first.

Lt. Marano spoke with Dr. Hynek at approximately 0900 hours regarding his visit to New York. Dr. Hynek said that he was going to Auburn, New York on a speaking engagement that had been arranged several months ago. He definitely is not going as an Air Force representative to investigate a sighting. He is going to be doing some investigation on his own. A radio station in Ithaca, New York had called Dr. Hynek this morning and wanted to know if the Air Force was sending up an investigator. Dr. Hynek explained that he had a speaking engagement in the area planned several months ago, and that he may do a little personal investigation, but he definitely was not going as an Air Force


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

representative. Dr. Hynek requested that Major Quintanilla be informed of this. A Bill Donavan of a UFO outfit in White Plains, New York called Dr. Hynek and said that all sorts of things were going on that Hynek ought to come out and investigate them. Hynek pointed out that he wouldn't make a trip especially to investigate this sighting, however he had planned a trip to Auburn which is only about thirty miles away and Mr. Donavan said fine. Hynek said that if something got out about him coming to New York this is probably how it happened, through Donavan. This is the sighting that Hynek had asked Lt Marano about earlier in the week. Hynek got a letter from, he wrote a ten page letter to Look magazine and was highly frustrated because when he called his sighting into Hancock they laughed at him. Hynek said that this was not an official case, and he was not investigating it? Norm Levine of the University of Colorado asked Hynek not to officially investigate it for the University of Colorado but would he please forward any information that he had gotten on it and his results. said that when Hancock laughed at him he called the State Police and they said all they saw was airplanes.

Lt Marano will call Hancock Field back and inform them that Dr. Hynek is not to be extended the courtesies of the base since he will be investigating the sighting but not as an Air Force representative. Also, Lt Marano will request Hancock to contact the State Police and request a copy of their incident report, especially the portion that said Mr. saw aircraft.

There is a partially illegible handwritten note at the bottom of the page.


- page 16 -

NOT FOR PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEW YORK
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT
NEW YORK STATE POLICE

February 16, 1968

Department of the Air Force
Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Attention: TDPT (UFO)
Hector Quintanilla, Jr., Major

Dear Sir:

Attached find copy of self-explanatory memorandum from Lieutenant J. J. Carroll, relative to unidentified flying objects in the Ithaca, New York area, as per your request in your letter dated February 7, 1968. A copy of this report had been forwarded to the Commanding Officer, Griffiss Air Force Base, Rome, New York.

Relative to your letter of February 8, 1968, be advised that Lieutenant John Carroll did not personally witness any unidentified flying objects.

Very truly yours,

N. G. Lecakes
Captain

NGLss


- page 17 -

NOT FOR PUBLICATION

GENL. 7 REV. 3-7-67

NEW YORK STATE POLICE

MEMORANDUM

Troop C    Station    Ithaca
Date    February 10, 1968

To:    Troop Commander, Troop C, Sidney, N.Y.

From:    Lieut. J.J. Carroll

Subject    U.F.O. Observation - October 1967

1.    Reference is made to attached self-explanatory correspondence dated 2/7/58, received from Major MOTOR QUINAHILL, JR., United States Air Force, concerning above captioned subject.

2.    This officer was not a witness to any Unidentified Flying Object during October of 1967 or at any other time.


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

NEW YORK STATE POLICE
MEMORANDUM

Troop "C" Station                   Ithaca
Date    November 17, 1967

To:     TROOP COMMANDER, Troop "C", Sidney, New York

From:   Lieut. J.J. Carroll

Subject Report of Unidentified Flying Objects (U.F.O.'S)

1.      At 9:00 P.M., 10/26/67, telephonically contacted Trooper R.S. PETERSON at the Ithaca Station and requested to see a patrol at 13 Neaimin Hill Road, Mayfield, N.Y., relative to seeing "Some weird lights in the sky". Trooper J.P. EISENBERG was assigned to interview complainant.

2.      On 10/26/67, Tpr. EISENBERG personally interviewed page 33, page 17, Ithaca, New York, at the residence of Complainant, Mayfield, New York. Complainant age 24, Ithaca, N.Y. were at the time standing in the back yard of the residence wrapped in blankets looking into the sky.

Stated "that they were looking for a flying saucer that had landed in a field to the rear of the residence and ate the neighbors prize bull". All three subjects claimed to have observed the flying saucer and described saucer as being round with many flashing lights, and that the saucer cast small white lights at them. He was most talkative of the three subjects, describing the speed of the object and leading the others. The story was difficult to believe. Upon request of complainant, Tpr. EISENBERG waited in the yard for a short time observing the sky. Tpr. EISENBERG did observe what appear to be aircraft high in the sky, but nothing that fit the description given by complainant.

3.      Trooper EISENBERG subsequently obtained a special file case from SP Sidney on all three subjects with negative results. Continued patrol in the area he failed to observe any U.F.O.'S. Upon completion of his tour of duty, Trooper EISENBERG made a blotter entry closing the incident. Attached find memorandum of Trooper EISENBERG covering the incident.

4.      At 7:20 P.M., 11/1/67, a subject identifying himself as WILLIAM DUGGAN, President of Aerial Investigation and Research Inc., Room 711, West Court Building, 175 Main Street, White Plains, NY, telephonically contacted Sergeant R.J. FAHEY at the Ithaca Station and stated he was investigating reports of U.F.O.'S in the area. Mr. [rest of text cut off]


- page 19 -

NOT FOR PUBLICATION                                     Page #2
                                                                 11/17/67

SUBJECT:    Report of Unidentified Flying Objects (U.F.O.'s)

Requested copies of any State Police reports on sightings of U.F.O.'s
and was advised to contact Troop Headquarters if he desired copies of
any State Police reports. He requested any reports of U.F.O.'s be kept
from any sensational news publicity as much as possible.

5.      At 10:00 P.M., 11/1/67, STANLEY ORR, telephonically contacted Tpr. T.P. WEST at the Ithaca Station and requested to see patrol relative to finding a dead cow off Connecticut Hill Road.
Tpr. A.J. HENDRICKS was assigned to interview complainant.

6.      On 11/1/67, Trooper HENDRICKS and H.C. WEIDMAN, personally interviewed MR. [redacted] at his residence. MR. [redacted] stated that while attempting to find tracks of a flying saucer landing, he found the carcass of a dead heifer in a field on property of [redacted], Newfield. N.Y. MR. [redacted] verified that the animal had been killed by an U.F.O., and made statements about seeing U.F.O. in the area. MR. [redacted] lead the conversation, soliciting verification of his statements from [redacted]. Interview revealed that the dead heifer did belong to [redacted], Newfield, N.Y. who was aware of the death and contributed the cause of death to the animal being struck by lightning during a recent storm. Upon request of MR. [redacted], Tprs. did look near the rear of the residence and looked into the sky. Nothing unusual was witnessed by either officer.

7.      Upon completion of this tour of duty, Tpr. HENDRICKS close the incident by blotter entry. Attached find memorandum of Tpr. HEND.

8.      At 9:50 P.M. 11/4/67 telephonically contacted Zone Sergeant J.R. MYKOS at the Ithaca Station. MR. [redacted] requested that Trooper GISE BARG be available on Thursday evening, 11/9/67, to meet with DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK, Dearborn Observatory, Evanston, Illinois, who was flying into the area to investigate U.F.O.'s sightings, Sgt. ATANS advised MR. [redacted] that Lieut. CARROLL would contact him on 11/6/67, upon return from pass.

9.      On 11/6/67, telephonically contacted [redacted] at the [redacted] residence. MR. [redacted] at this time, related having observed numerous U.F.O.'s in the Newfield area, some "as large as battleships" high in the sky, with smaller craft leaving the larger craft, travel at tremendous speeds and same hovering low in the area. He further described an incident where a U.F.C. had cast a white light on him, as previously related to Tpr. EISBERG and described in paragraph #2 of this memorandum. He claimed that the U.S. Air Force has been "WOODWORKING" the American Public for twenty years, stating that they know they are here but refuse to let the American people know. He stated that numerous persons in the Newfield area had observed U.F.O.'s and that two young boys had observed a craft hovering from a distance of one-hundred fifty feet. He stated "I don't know who they are or where they are from Lieutenant, but they are here in Newfield". The


- page 20 -

NOT FOR PUBLICATION                                     Page #2
                                                                 11/17/67

SUBJECT:    Report of Unidentified Flying Objects (U.F.O.'S)

entire conversation cannot be recalled; however parts of MR. ORR'S
conversation sounded like lines from a television show. MR. ORR
stated that DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK, who is in charge of "Project Blue Boc
was flying to Ithaca to investigate the sightings and requested
Tpr. EISENBERG be available for interview by DR. HYNEK. MR. ORR was
advised to have DR. HYNEK call the Ithaca Station if he desired to
interview Tpr. EISENBERG.

10.     On 11/6/67 telephonically contacted [redacted] A -
Civilian Dispatcher, Griffiths Air Force Base, Rome, N.Y. and advised
him of reports received. MR. [redacted] stated that he would advise the
Duty Officer MAJOR ATKINS, U.S.A.F. of the reports.

11.     On 11/6/67, [redacted] of A.I.R. Inc., White Plains
subject of paragraph 4 above of this report, telephonically contacted this
office at the Ithaca Station. MR. [redacted] stated that DR. J. ALLEN H
was flying to Auburn, N.Y. on 11/7/67 in conjunction with a speaking
engagement at Auburn College. Further that in view of the reported
sightings of U.F.O.'S in the Newfield area, DR. HYNEK planned to visit
the area sometime during the afternoon of 11/9/67. MR. [redacted]
advised that he would be in the Ithaca area on 11/7/67 arranging an
itinerary for DR. HYNEK and that he would stop at the Ithaca State
Police Station to see this officer.

12.     On 11/7/67 [redacted] and an associate identified
only as [redacted] an investigator for A.I.R. Inc., with
STANLEY J. ORR, personally appeared at the Ithaca Station and confer
with this officer. MR. [redacted] stated that he had previously visited
this area and interviewed the two boys who claimed to have seen a
U.F.O. hovering in the Newfield area. He stated that he was continuing
an investigation and that a meeting was being set up between DR. HYNEK
and numerous persons who had seen U.F.O.'S in the Newfield area during
the evening of 11/8/67. MR. [redacted] at this time personally reiterated
to this officer details of his sightings of U.F.O.'S as previously
set forth in this memorandum. It should be noted this during this
conversation and previous telephone conversations between STANLEY ORR
and this officer, MR. [redacted] stated that he has sent a ten page letter
to Life Magazine concerning the sightings and that he has spent
approximately two-hundred dollars on telephone calls notifying
personnel concerned with research on U.F.O.'S.

13.     During the late evening of 11/9/67, Lieutenants GERALD
WHITE and DENNIS DEAN, U.S. Air Force, Hancock Field, Syracuse, N.Y.
stopped at the Ithaca Station and conferred with this officer. They
advised that they had just attended a meeting at the WAFB residence,
Newfield, N.Y. held by DR.HYNEK, with approximately thirty to forty persons in attendance. Neither officer placed any
credence in stories of STANLEY ORR and they felt that he was imagining


- page 21 -

NOT FOR PUBLICATION                                                Page #4
                                                                             11/17/67

SUBJECT:    Report on Unidentified Flying Objects (U.F.O.'s)

things and was possibly attempting to seek profit from his tales.

14.     On 11/8/67, [redacted] Route 13, Newfield, N.Y. telephonically contacted Tpr. J.P. EISENBERG at the Ithaca Station and requested to see a Trooper relative to a flying saucer over her residence. Sergeant R.E. CLAUSEN was assigned.

15.     On 11/8/67, Sgt. CLAUSEN, personally interviewed LAURA age 35, and her daughter [redacted] age 17, at their residence Route 13, Newfield, New York. These subjects claimed to have seen a U.F.O. passing over their house at approximately 10:10 P.M. flying from south west to north east, then west, then south west until out of sight. They described the object as having several red lights and two white lights. They could not offer any information concerning size, shape or speed. From the description given, Sgt. CLAUSEN believes the women observed an aircraft flying at a high altitude. Incident was closed by blotter entry.

16.     On 11/10/67 an article appeared in the Ithaca Journal Newspaper concerning the sightings and the meeting at Newfield. The article is being submitted with this memorandum.

17.     On 11/10/67 an article also appeared in the Syracuse Post Standard newspaper and is being submitted with this memorandum.

18.     At 8:35 P.M., 11/11/67, [redacted] Aurora Street, Ithaca, N.Y. telephonically contacted Trooper R.E. HUNTER at the Ithaca station and reported observing a U.F.O. flying over his residence at 5:30 or 5:45 P.M. of this date. Ithaca, as subject resided in the City of Ithaca and the sighting occurred within the city, Mr. Antunes agreed to report same to the Ithaca City Police Department.

19.     On 11/15/67, [redacted] and [redacted] of A.I.R. Inc., telephonically contacted this officer at the Ithaca Station and advised they were continuing their investigation with their Headquarters at the [redacted] residence. They inquired relative to assistance from the State Police in the form of a helicopter that they could borrow to search for landing sites in the wooded areas of Newfield. They stated that they had inquired from the Tomy County Sheriff's Office relative to use of a helicopter and were told that the Troopers had one. Mr. [redacted] was advised that the Division did not have a helicopter available to aid in his investigation. He advised that he would keep this office informed of any success in his investigation.


- page 22 -

NOT FOR PUBLICATION

NEW YORK STATE POLICE

MEMORANDUM

Troop C     Station Ithaca
Date November 8, 1967

To: Troop Commander Troop "C" Sidney, New York

From: Trooper J.P. Eisenberg

Subject complaint of "U.F.O.'s"

1. On 10-26-67 received radio transmission to interview Stanley J. Orr age 33 residing at the Y.M.C.A. Ithaca, New York relative to the sighting of several U.F.O.'s in the Newfield, New York area.

2. On 10-26-67 interviewed complainant at residence of Barbara Waris age 17 of 13 Benjamin Hill Road, Newfield, New York. Complainant also in company of [name redacted] age 21 also of the Ithaca, New York. All three subjects were standing in the back yard of the residence with blankets over their heads looking into the sky.

Stated they were looking for a flying saucer that had landed in a field to the year of the residence and ate the neighbors prior. All three subjects claim to have seen the flying saucer and described same as being round with many flashing lights on same, also casting small white lights at them. Stated these objects traveled at 600 P.M.

3. Patrol waited in yard of Waris with complainant to observe objects in sky and noted several planes in flight. None fit description given by complainant.

4. Patrol contacted SP Sidney via radio for S.F.C. on above subject with negative results.

5. Patrolled area to south of area complainant states U.F.C.'s landed and noted no fires to give any glow in sky.

6. At end of tour proper blotter entry made.


- page 23 -

