PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
   31 Jul 67
   1 AUG 67

2. LOCATION
   Waldwick, New Jersey

3. SOURCE
   Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
   1 each time

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
   Not reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
   Ground Visual

7. COURSE
   Not reported

8. PHOTOS
   ☐ Yes
   ☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
   ☐ Yes
   ☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
    INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
    Form 164 sent to observer for additional information and not returned yet, when returned case will be re-evaluated.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
    SEE    CASE    FILE

FORM
FTD SEP 63-0329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

1. Large Red Blinking Lights
2. Black
3. Smoke
4. Speed Light
5. Change Glow

There is also a hand-drawn diagram of what appears to be two connected circular shapes, numbered 1-4.


- page 2 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Partially filled in date, but not fully legible]

2. Time of day: 11 [Hours] [Minutes] A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One) a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other: [blank]

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is blacked out]
City or Town: Glo [partially legible]
State or County: [partially legible]

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours: [blank] Minutes: [partially filled] Seconds: [blank]

5.1 How was time in sight determined? [partially filled, not fully legible]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes [blank] No [blank]

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 3 -

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: [Handwritten note about light]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [Handwritten note about "a bright, light"]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Give off smoke?
d. Change brightness?
e. Change shape?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 4 -

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
[Handwritten response appears partially illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: [No response written]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:   a house

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   [Blank]
b. Color:   [Blank]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Handwritten response appears partially illegible]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A rough sketch appears to be drawn, but details are not clear]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East            e. South            g. West
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses                    e. Binoculars
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No    f. Telescope    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No    g. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No    h. Other:

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

[Handwritten text in response to question 26]:
Lights Bitmock, Bigger and Brighter


- page 6 -

Official U.S. Air Force

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

hovered

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 7 -

UFO form continued

30. Have you ever seen this, or similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes    No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)   Yes    No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
[Redacted personal information for Last Name, First Name, Middle Name]

ADDRESS:
[Redacted personal information for Street, City, Zone, State]

TELEPHONE NUMBER:                AGE:                SEX:

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
[Partially illegible handwritten text]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

Page 6


- page 8 -

Official U.S. Air For[ce]

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Partially illegible]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[Text in this section is mostly illegible, with only fragments of words visible]

A black rectangular section appears to be redacted/blacked out in the middle of the page.


- page 9 -

No Case

TDEV/UFO (Maj. Quintanilla)/70916/Jet/9 Oct 67)                 OCT 9 1967

UFO Observation, About 25 July 1967

Mr. [redacted]
Daytona, Texas 79120

1. Because your sighting occurred so long ago and because of the
   lack of an exact date, we are unable to investigate your sightings.

2. If in the future you have another sighting, contact the
   nearest Air Force Base immediately.

JAMES C. MARATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems


- page 10 -

Unofficial data

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications, without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
    27    JULY    1967
    Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 11:20PM
    (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
    (Circle One): a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    1401                DAYTON        TEXAS
    Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    0    1    0
    Hours    Minutes    Seconds (10-15)

    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    CLUES

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                NIGHT
    a. Bright            a. Bright
    b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
                b. In back of you    e. Overhead
                c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 64 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 11 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation1 Aug 67

TO: [Redacted address, appears to be in New Jersey, zip code 07463]

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

Stamped date: SEP 6 1967


- page 12 -

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. (Many)
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
TWICE THE LIGHT OF A SATELLITE

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: IT WAS ROUND AS 
FAR AS I COULD PLACE 
WELL LIT VERY LIGHT

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
YES, IT SLOWLY FADED OUT.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   NONE
b. Color   LIKE A STAR (WHITE)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
ALL OF IT.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included showing a small circular object with directional arrows]


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. (Outdoors)
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

It one satellite or 2 satellites not together.


- page 15 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date a dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES No
31.2 Place list their names and addresses:
SAW MY MR + ME JUST
OUT WHEN IT CAME OUT BECAUSE I CALLED HIM THE LAST TIME.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS BAYTOWN, TEXAS
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]
AGE 15 SEX M

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
(WED) 18 SEPTEMBER 61 YEAR


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 30 SEPTEMBER 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I want to know what I saw.
It wasn't a satellite because satellite don't
slip & go. And it was to high to be
anything of displaced type, etc.


- page 18 -

NICAP MASSACHUSETTS INVESTIGATING SUBCOMMITTEE
13 Friend Court
Wenham, Massachusetts

27 August 1967
cc: SAF-OIPB
FTD (TDETR)                                     Congressman W. Bates
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio 45433

Gentlemen:

Enclosed for your file and possible distribution to SAFOAI and other interested agencies are summaries of two significant UFO reports re: UFO sightings occurring in the Newton, Mass. (7/26-27/67) and Cape Ann, Mass. (8/2/67) areas. The Cape Ann detailed report to NICAP totaled 108 pages and I found it impractical to send the complete report due to the heavy reproduction involved.

Both of these sightings were also investigated by the USAF-sponsored University of Colorado Project which was called upon through the Joint NICAP-COLOR PROJ "Early Warning Coordinator" system of which I am serving as a coordinator covering the Massachusetts area.

It would be of great value to UFO Research if local USAF AFB UFO offices could work more effectively with local SUBGOMS. Although I feel that the bulk of UFO information used by FTD and Military/Government agencies comes from military-government personnel and installations - and - that civilian UFO sightings, unless exceptional, are usually given low priority (*) to enable public action which would indicate that the government is giving UFOs serious attention, the time may be ripe whereby civilian groups on-the-order of the old GOC and NICAP SUBGOMS could provide valuable assistance to a local AFB investigation. I believe that local AFB investigation is minimal and primarily tied in with the "Bluebook" public-low-echelon military/government information policy which is designed to downgrade the UFO problem while highly-classified studies are going on. However, perhaps it is time to up-grade the priority of local AFB investigation of civilian UFO sightings and use the help of groups like ourselves. I hope that AFR 80-17 will be revised to include such a possibility in the future.

It is very apparent to me that "Bluebook" is certainly not representative of full government's efforts re: UFOs nor are the efforts of local AFB investigations of civilian sightings in most cases. A higher agency with controls similar to investigative, research and lower-echelon military and public information policies must make such decisions. I trust that such suggestions as I have made are at least brought to the agency's attention. Its attitude and actions re: public information may have "bought-time" for a secret investigative and evaluation of the problem as well - as have prevented a secondary "people-problem" but it has concurrently hurt the USAF-Government "public image". UFOs and made UFO facts just that much harder to accept by the general public and un-initiated segment of the scientific community. Colorado is a welcome sign of official transition.

Sincerely,
Raymond E. Fowler
Chairman: NICAP MASS

(*) except for Airline Pilot sightings.


- page 19 -

NICAP MASSACHUSETTS INVESTIGATING SUBCOMMITTEE
13 Friend Court
Wenham, Massachusetts

SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTINGS--7/26-27/67 - Newton, N.H. - 11:00PM/1:00-1:30AM
                                    * Rowley, Mass. - 11:15PM
                                    * Byfield, Mass. - 11:45PM
DATE:   11 August 1967

FROM:   Raymond E. Fowler
         Chairman: NICAP MASS SUBCOM

TO:     NICAP, Washington, D.C.
                                    * - Included under NOTE 2 as
                                        information possibly having
                                        a connection with Newton on UFO.

SIGHTING BACKGROUND:
Upon returning from vacation on July 28th, I was notified the following morning by NICAP SUBCOM Investigator Gary Michael Story that he had been party to a very unusual UFO sighting with his sister (Mrs. Evelyn Frappier) and brother-in-law (Mr. Francis Frappier) during the evening and morning hours of 26th and 27th of July respectively. Since several facets of the sighting fell into the Colorado Project Guidelines, I phoned the report to the Colorado Project following the Early Warning Coordinator procedure. The recipient of our report was Dr. Roy Craig.

Two interviews with the witnesses have been conducted in addition to telephone call interviews prior to launching an official investigation. The first interview was conducted by NICAP SUBCOM Investigator Richard Fowler and myself on August 1, 1967. The second interview was conducted by Drs. M. Levine and R. Craig and myself on August 10, 1967. Both interviews started approximately 8:15 PM and ended with conditions were favorable for examining the sighting area and taking compass readings.

The Colorado team arrived late in the evening at Logan Airport, Boston, Massachusetts on August 8, 1967. The morning of August 9, 1967 was spent by the team in making inquiries at Hanson and the Gloucester, Massachusetts "Gloucester Times" newspaper office which was carrying articles on another sighting which had phoned into Colorado on August 7, 1967. The afternoon was spent by the Colorado team at my home for dinner and coordination meeting for both sightings.

CHARACTER OF WITNESS(ES):
Mr. and Mrs. Frappier are members of the First Baptist Church in Newton, New Hampshire. A phoned Rev. MacClean who is their minister and who knows them well. He told me that they were good church people who would not be the type who would make up deliberate lies and are not the type who would seek publicity. Mrs. Frappier is the Sexton and Organist at the Church. Both Gary Story and Francis Frappier were radar operators.


- page 20 -

7/26-27/67 - NEWTON, N.H.                                                      SHEET TWO

and have had experience in the identification of conventional aircraft.
Both have had military and civilian technical training beyond High
School but do not hold degrees. I received the impression that all
witnesses were telling the truth as they related their sighting.

{ I telephoned Rev. MacClean on 12 August 1967 }
{ His telephone number is Area Code 603-382-8274 }

SIGHTING ACCOUNT:
The following account has been compiled from signed UFO Data Sheets
and personal interviews with the witnesses and is considered a
reasonable summary of the events recorded in more detail within
other sections of this report.

Gary was visiting his sister and had brought his telescope with him
in another field behind her house. Gary and Francis noticed a very
bright star-like light source near the pointer stars of Ursa Major
at about 11:00 PM but did not pay much attention to it even though
they had a general feeling that there should be no bright star in
this portion of the sky. No one thought to warn the telescope
it at this time as the moon was being viewed. However, Francis
saw the "star" begin to move at 350 X and called Gary's attention
to it who quickly verified its movement. Francis then adjusted his
mount and focus for viewing it. The light source was white when
stationary but turned orange as-soon-as it began to move. When it
apparently came closer they could see two white lights forming
the base of a triangle and a red light forming a point just above
and in the center of them. They shouted for Evelyn to come with the
binoculars and she arrived while the object was in its first pass.
The witnesses were looking approximately North and the Object made
7 - 10 passes with its first terminal point NNE and its last
terminal point about ENE on each pass. Gary was able to keep the
object centered in his telescope throughout the visible portion of
its flight. He described a baton-shape' with exaggerated bright white
lights forming the balls on each end, a red light centered above the
tubular section of the bottom-shape and 5 dimmer lights centered in a
straight line along the tubular section which flashed on-and-off.
ONE-at-a-time backwards and forwards in a 1-2-3-4-5-3-2-1 sequence.
As it was moving away from them in an easterly direction at a point
about ENE from them, Francis flashed his flashlight at it with 3 one-
second interval flashes. The object abruptly changed direction seemingly
without turning and started to retrace its path backwards. When it
reached a point about mid-point of its flight, all of its lights dimmed
(Gary could still see dim outline in the telescope) and its two end
lights flashed back 3 flashes seemingly in response. During its
stationary or passes back-and-forth it seemed to get closer each time as
its apparent size would become larger. Francis flashed the light at it a
number of times with various types of signals and the object would dim
its lights and flash back replica flashes in the same manner as described
above. Only its two end lights would flash. The red light remained
dimmed out. There was an estimated time lag of 10 seconds between
the flashlight signals and a response. When a jet aircraft (estimated
to be a single engine jet fighter heading toward Pease AFB, Portsmouth,
N.H.) was heard they looked for it and easily recognized its running
lights. The jet headed directly toward the lighted object, and the
object immediately shut off all its lights. The jet continued on out-of-


- page 21 -

7/26-27/67 - NEWTON, N.H.                                   SHEET THREE

sight but still could be heard for awhile. The object was still nowhere
in sight and it was thought it had gone away when suddenly it appeared
in the same spot where it had shut off its lights but as a bright flare-
like white oval 10-15 times brighter than it had been before. This flare
effect only lasted a few seconds and then dimmed back to reveal the
previous lighting configuration of 2 white lights and 1 red light with
the object and "flashing sequence" of lights seen through the telescope.
On its final pass as it was disappearing into the East it flashed twice
and disappeared.

SIGHTING DATA:                                     * - except the two white lights
                                                     when flashing responses

The object seen through the telescope just about took up the whole field
of view during the initial pass of the object but as it came closer on
each pass the field of view was taken up by roughly 2/3 of the object.

The apparent brightness of the object's lights varied with each observer.
Francis (naked eye) compared them to Venus; Evelyn with the binoculars,
as 4 times brighter than brightest star; and, Gary with the telescope,
like distant car lights. The edges of the lights were all described as
being like a bright star. The 2 white and 1 red light were steady. *

The solid object was seen only by Gary with the telescope. The others
saw only the lights. Through the telescope the object appeared darker
than the background of the sky which was clear with stars and moon
nearing last quarter phase.

The elevation of the object increased as the object moved closer from
30° when first seen to 45° when making its last pass. Its apparent size
varied with the observers because some had optical aid, and, as it came
closer. The apparent size at its closest was finally agreed to be about
3/8ths of an inch at arm's length with the naked eye but this is just a
rough estimate. I asked them to compare its apparent size with the Full
Moon's disc on the questionnaires and received quite a variance between
estimates. This is to be expected as unless one makes such an estimate
during the sighting, it is almost impossible to remember things in the
proper perspective. Gary Story should have known better but in the
excitement was only interested in seeing as much detail as he could
through the telescope.

When Francis and Gary first saw it was like a white star. As
it started to move Francis saw it change from a white to an orange color.
It then became two white and one red lights. Except for the first abrupt
reversal when all 3 lights were visible, each other change of direction
caused the object to display only 1 white light and 1 red light. All
lights went out when the jet aircraft approached and the object flared-up
as a white oval 10-15 times as bright after the jet aircraft went by and
out-of-sight before returning to the 2 white-1 red configuration again.
All 3 lights dimmed just before the object apparently responded by flashing
replica signals back to Francis 10 seconds after he flashed signals to it
with his flashlight. During the whole sighting including this dimming
mode, Gary could always see the "flashin" sequence previously noted
except when it flashed twice and disappeared on its last easterly pass.

All three witnesses estimated the object to be 2-3 miles away from them.
The sighting area is open countryside and in an area of complete silence.


- page 22 -

Waldwick N.J.
07463

Office of Information
Attn: Project Blue Book
Secretary of the Air Force
Safside
The Pentagon
Washington, D.C. 20330

Dear Sir,

I am very interested in U.S. Civ.
I would like to ask you some questions about
U.S. Civ.

If there really are U.S. Civ. Because
some stories I believe and some I don't. It have
really we U.S. Civ. what do these spacecraft look like? What do the people look like? Have they
talk our language? And if they are real why
don't they come down a little to talk to us not just
these other people.

Just a few days ago Tuesday,
Aug. 1, 1967 at about 10:30 15 to 1700.
I was with family in my back yard
something real in the sky. It was report-


- page 23 -

7/26-27/67 - NEWTON, N.H.                                                   SHEET FOUR

at this time of night. Acoustics are such that traffic can sometimes be heard from the New Hampshire Turnpike (lit. #95) about 8 miles away. The object never passed in-front-of or behind-of anything while in the observer's sight.

The speed of the object was constant and although no estimate was made in-terms-of speed measured in miles-per-hour, it was compared to the speed and motion of a helicopter by Francis.

The object moved back-and-forth in Westerly and Easterly flight paths. My initial compass readings with the witnesses indicated that they were looking at NNE and ENE flight terms, points on an arc of 45°. A complete pass back-and-forth would have involved 90° of an arc. No one could remember how many times the object performed this back-and-forth maneuver and it varied between estimates of 6-10 times. 6 such maneuvers in the course of 30 minutes would mean a time duration of 5 minutes for each complete back-and-forth maneuver or an angular velocity of 18° per minute.

ASTRONOMICAL DATA

The Moon                                                   Comments: Corresponds to the
Rose:    10:55 PM EDT on 7/26/67                           11:00 PM choice of time
         ( 9:55 PM EST)                                    to set up the telescope
                                                            thus supports testimony.

Phase:   19 days old nearing                               Comments: Agrees with description
         Last Quarter.                                     of "bright moonlight" sky
                                                            conditions and general
                                                            description of moon during
                                                            interview.

Position: In the Constellation                             Agrees with witness(es)
          Pisces about 40° East                            narrative and interview.

Ursa Major - Position of "Big Dipper" at 1:00 AM EDT corresponds to sketch by Francis Frappier. No astronomical object as described by the witnesses would be in this barren portion of the sky near the bowl of the "Big Dipper".

SATELLITE DATA - A check with the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory Public Information Office on 8/2/67 revealed that there were no visible satellites calling the 7/27/67 1:00-1:30 AM EDT sighting period.

ADVERTISING PLAN - A check with manager of "Sky-Lite" Advertising revealed that the aircraft was not airborne on this date and would never be flying at this time on any day normally.

POLICE STATIONS - A check with the Fampton and Kingston, N.H. Police stations did not produce any other reports at this date and time and area.


- page 24 -

7/26-27/67 - NEWTON, N.H.

WEATHER DATA (U.S. Weather Bureau, Logan Airport, Boston, Massachusetts)

DATE: 27 July 1967
TIME: 1:00 AM EDT
WIND: West at 10 knots
VISIBILITY: 13 Miles

Comments: Agrees with weather conditions
            reported by witnesses.

TELESCOPE DATA (Refracting Type)
MANUFACTURER:     - TASCO, 1075 N.W. 71st St., Miami, Florida 33138
MODEL NUMBER:     - 6YE
TYPE MOUNT:       - Non-Equatorial on wooden tripod
FOCAL LENGTH:     - 1000mm
OBJECTIVE:        - 60mm
EYEPIECE:         - HM12 , 5mm
POWER USED:       - 80X     (Gary indicated 75X which is close enough)
DIAGONAL PRISM:   - Used during observation giving up-right image.

BINOCULAR DATA
MANUFACTURER:     - TASCO
OBJECTIVE:        - 50mm (coated)
POWER:            - 20X
PERFORMANCE:      - 1000 yards:157 Feet

SPECIAL FEATURES IN AREA
A long stretch of 11.5KV power lines run in about an East to West direction about 6 miles north from the witnesses. See photostatic of enclosed "New England Electrical System" map showing these lines in relation to the witnesses. Map shows they run in a NNE to SSE direction.

The nearest Airport to the sighting area would be Haverhill Municipal Airport about 8 miles North of the observers. This airport is not active during the early morning hours normally.

SIGHTING EVALUATION
Astronomical/Satellite:   - Negative
Conventional Aircraft:    - Improbable (Overall Data rules such out unless extremely large observer-error exists)

No sound was heard and helicopter or plane would have been easily heard in this area - no conventional running lights were observed at any time with naked eye or optic aids - All lights were shut off when jet aircraft approached within would be against regulations and dangerous for a conventional craft - The 5 "flashing sequence" of lights do not correspond to anything conventional other than in the order of an advertising plane or blimp - The abrupt reversal without apparent turn was viewed by naked eye (Francis); with binoculars (Evelyn); and by 75X telescope (The maneuver was so sudden that Gary shouted "Whoa did it go?" when it shook back and out-of-view) - Prolonged viewing (30 minutes) under the circumstances outlined above and elsewhere in this report would most certainly result in identification of a conventional aircraft - The flashing lights corresponding exactly to Francis' signals are not normally what the crew of a conventional craft would do airless as a joke. This episode is the most intriguing part of the account -


- page 25 -

7/26-27/67 - NEWTON, N.H.                                                 SHEET SIX

SIGHTING EVALUATION (continued)

Conventional Aircraft:(continued) (( SEE NOTE 1 ))

Both Gary and Francis are familiar with aircraft and were Radar Observers during their military tours. They are familiar with the aircraft which fly over their area into Pease AFB, Portsmouth, N.H. about 30 miles NE of Newton, N.H.

Hoax: Improbable in light of witness background and consistent account of their experience.

NOTE 1: My first guess at an explanation when first learning of this sighting was that a conventional aircraft with its landing lights on was responsible for this UFO sighting. This would not explain the about turns, sharp turns, or other objections already listed.

It is interesting to note that although the object went through this abrupt reversal on the end of its first attempt pass that according to the observers it seemed to change direction differently on the other passes when they were making conventional turns. During these other passes the white light on the leading end would disappear and leaving only the red and the one white light on the taillight end. Then the other light would appear and the object would retrace its path. It was not clear to the observers whether a turn had been made so that the same white light would always be on the leading end or whether, repeated questioning revealed that the object did not appear to either spin around or bank in order to change direction. The "flashing sequence" lights were always seen in a straight line and the one white and one red light remaining would always stay in the same position until the other white light came back on. If a conventional landing aircraft with landing lights turned, it would have to bank and this maneuver would show the change in position of the one landing lights sharply when it did so. To turn without banking, the change in relative position of the white lights should have been noticeable especially when taken into consideration that optical aid was employed and that the maneuver was observed closely many times.

Given by the witnesses would fly only 1- 2) hesitated 3) turned the light back on 1) retraced its path with trailing and white light now becoming the leading end (etc.). If the observers related an accurate account it would negate a spinning axis or banking turn.

Further checks: - The Colorado team is making a check-out of Radar Installations, etc. in the area. The Jet Fighter(?) was flying a South to North course and may have been identified. It would be worthwhile to question its pilot. Our SUBCOM is limited in those areas.

CONCLUSION: If the observers' account is accurate, I would rule out conventional aircraft. The evidence seems to be in favor of a substantially accurate report. It is my opinion that the present status of this sighting would be classified "UNKN'N" unless further evidence proves it was a conventional craft. This seems unlikely.


- page 26 -

7/26-27/67 - NEWTON, N.J.                                      SHEET SEVEN

NOTE 2:  POSSIBLE SUPPORTING EVIDENCE FOR THIS SIGHTING

On 7/30/67 I received a phone call from Mr. Paul Munier, Superintendent of the New England Military School on Elm Street, Byfield, Massachusetts. He had undergone a strange experience at 11:45 PM EDT on 7/26/67. He had just checked doors, etc. before retiring when he heard a loud intermittent whistling motor sound so loud that he was certain something was landing on the grounds.

He looked out the windows and saw nothing so rushed outside. He heard the sound all around him as if it were right overhead but saw nothing although the sky was perfectly clear. Then, abruptly the whistling died down like a siren dying down and there was complete silence. He looked around the grounds then and on the next morning but found no evidence of anything landing. He stated that he soon was not certain whether or not a helicopter or aircraft but of something he had never heard before. Since no object was seen, I dismissed it and filed it for possible future reference.

On Monday, 7/31/67, upon returning to Sylvania, I was told that Len Lawrence, WEEI commentator, had received many calls north of Boston concerning a weird humming sound during the evening and early morning hours but again no object had been reported and one of the cases involved, according to the Danvers, Mass. police, was that what one Danversite reported was just a burglar alarm. Again, I dismissed the incidents after talking to Len Lawrence on 8/01/67 and finding that the caller names were not available and no one saw an object.

During my first interview with the Newton, N.J. sighting witnesses, Gary Story showed me a newspaper from the Lamp Post column of the 8/01/67 Haverhill Gazette which mentioned briefly that a family in Rowley, Massachusetts (not far from either Byfield, Mass. or Newton, N.J.) had heard a loud unusually loud sound at approximately 11:15 PM on what was according to the paper on 7/26/67 although they are not sure whether it was the 26th or 27th nor are they sure of the exact time. I talked to Mr. Moses Ricker who told me that he and his wife had a humming-like sound and had seen an orange glow moving across the sky. Some visitors from Detroit at a neighbor's house heard and saw it. A family on the street also heard it but did not investigate it. I dispatched a NICAP SUBCOM investigator Herbert E. Simmons to interview Mrs. Ricker and she managed to interview Mrs. Ricker and she filled out a form but was only able to get the same basic information I had received from Mr. Ricker. IT IS EXTREMELY INTERESTING TO NOTE THAT THE PATH OF THE   ORANGE GLOW FOLLOWS A SET OF PARALLELS EXACTLY. It is to be wished that others sighting this would have reported it. In the least indications that activity seems to be on the increase in this area. A sighting is being investigated which took place in the Cape Ann, Mass. area on 8/02/67, 9:30 PM EDT where many witnessed the UFO.

(SEE ENCLOSED REPORT ON THE BYFIELD-ROWLEY INCIDENTS AND MAPS)


- page 27 -

7/26-27/67 - NEWTON, N.H.                                                      SHEET EIGHT

CHAIRMAN'S COMMENTS:

There were minor inconsistencies on the part of the witnesses' account such as apparent size, number of passes, etc. and this is to be expected. "One inconsistency that bothered me was that Francis had noted the "bright white star" near the bowl of the "Big Dipper" at 11:00 PM and when he observed it again at 1:00 AM he stated that it was still in the same relative position to the "Big Dipper" as it was 2 hours earlier (as if it moved 15° per hour with the star field) which would mean it maintained this position like a true star. However, it is my opinion that the particular amount of attention was not paid to this "star" until 11:00 AM when it started moving, etc. Since the "star" was not observed continuously, it cannot be proved that it was always in-the-same-spot or that it was definitely the same "star" they saw at 1:00 AM. Overally speaking their account was very consistent and I would consider their report substantially accurate.

The UFO certainly exhibited typical UFO characteristics such as: 1) Cylindrical configuration 2) Unconventional lights (flashing sequence comparable to Exeter, N.H. 9/3/65 and others) 3) No sound 4) Abrupt reversal in direction 5) Turning off lights as jet approached 6) Color change with motion, i.e. white/stationary to orange/movement 7) Prolonged hovering 8) Proximity to power lines running in approximately same direction as UFO Flight Path 9) Response to signals(noted in limited number of other sightings)

This report is of highly potential significance. If the Colorado Team's evaluation confirms the NICAP SUBCOM evaluation that the object was a UFO, then this report would indicate some kind of INTELLIGENCE. The fact on the part of the UFO either by operations or by intermittent, that it responded to a variety of signals from a flashlight with exact duplication within 10 seconds of the stimulus over-whelmingly points to INTELLIGENCE. It is indeed a great pity that the object did not make a close-range approach and that it was not seen by others from different locations, not-to-mention photographs, radar-tracking, etc. Perhaps some of the Colorado Team or some may come to our attention. The fact that other sightings are occurring in this general area is also significant.

The practical use of the NICAP MASS SUBCOM in conjunction with the Colorado UFO Project was both enjoyable and instructive. The fact that we existed to perform preliminary "legwork" permitted their investigation to be conducted expeditiously. It is hoped that better-trained and more Subcommittees will be formed and tied into the Early-Warning Procedure.

Respectively submitted,
Raymond E. Fowler


- page 28 -

1 - 19 AUGUST 1957 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                      OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

Aug     Grand Bank Rd & I-75, Michigan                           INSUFFICIENT DATA
Aug     Boonville, Mississippi                                   INSUFFICIENT DATA
1       Dayton, Ohio                                             INSUFFICIENT DATA
2       Dayton, Ohio                                             INSUFFICIENT DATA
2       Las Vegas, Nevada                                        INSUFFICIENT DATA
2       Omaha, Nebraska                                          INSUFFICIENT DATA
3       Milbank, South Dakota                                    INSUFFICIENT DATA
4       Dayton, Ohio                                             ASTRO (METEOR)
5       New York, New York                                       INSUFFICIENT DATA
7       West New York, New Jersey                 (PHOTOS)       Sighting: Other (HOAX)
                                                                 Photo: Other (SMALL MAN MADE OBJECT)
                                                                 Case: Other (PSYCHOLOGICAL)
8       Santa Fe, New Mexico                       Main (PHOTOS) Photos: Other (AIR BELL OR
                                                                 BREAK IN EMULSION)
9       Dallas, Texas                              (PHOTOS)      Sighting: Other (KITE)
                                                                 Photos: INSUFFICIENT DATA
10      Bronx, New York                                          INSUFFICIENT DATA
11      Bemidji, Minnesota                                       AIRCRAFT
12      Westcliffe, Colorado                                     INSUFFICIENT DATA
12      Carthage, New York                                       INSUFFICIENT DATA
12      Crystal Beach, Texas                                     INSUFFICIENT DATA
13      Fairborn, Ohio                                           ASTRO (METEOR)
15      Louisville, Kentucky                                     INSUFFICIENT DATA
15      Green, Kentucky                                          INSUFFICIENT DATA
17      Beach Haven, New Jersey                                  AIRCRAFT
19      Lake Huron, Michigan                       (PHOTOS)      Photos: PROCESSING IRREGULARITY

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                      SOURCE                     EVALUATION

Aug     Berkeley, California                                     
4       Cape Cod, Massachusetts                                  
10      Allentown, Pennsylvania                                  
12      Newark, New Jersey                                       
12      McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania                               
12      Philadelphia, Pennsylvania                               
13      Washington, Washington                                   


- page 29 -

After Monday July 31, 1967. It was reported with B.R. with New York. It looked like a little place. Because it was only ago for about 10 m. A little piece half of it went out. I would be very pleased if you could give me some information on the field project in that area.

My name is [blacked out] 11 years old and going into 5 grade.

Sincerely, Yours


- page 30 -

Here is the text from the document:

American Meteor Society Report
1967

Date                    1967 April 5.52 G.M.T.
Sidereal time at end point...     304° 58'
Begin over               λ = 37° 45', Ø = 42° 58' at 122 km
Ended over               λ = 39° 50', Ø = 44° 33' at 81 km
Projected path           226 km
True path                228 km
Duration                 5.64 = 2.13 sec
Observed velocity        41 km/sec
Parabolic zenith correction         a = 312°,         h = +9.3
                                     n = -312°,        h = -5.3
Radiant uncorrected      n = 1177°,                   ε = -24.0
                         a = 1188.4                    ε = -25.4
                         n = 193.7                     ε = 266°
Parabolic orbit:                                       q = 0.05 A.U.

FIREBALL OF 1967 July 24.69 G.M.T.
A.M.S. No. 2396

This fireball is unique, so far as the writer knows. In that it appeared over the Atlantic and its solution wholly depends upon reports from four airplanes. These were kindly sent me by H. E. Roth, Project Director, Volunteer Flight Officer Network, United Airlines, Denver, Colo. It appeared at 16:36 G.M.T. The essential data follow in order: flight number, longitude and latitude of airplane, estimated bearing and altitude of beginning point, same for end point, notes of path slope, and duration of fireball's visibility:

857 16° 20' W, 53° N; 46°, 30°, 40°, 20°; 10:15 sec.
812, 12° 51' W, 54° 35' N; 77, 155°, 20°; same 5-10 sec.
815, 15° 30' W, 57° N; 118°, 101°, 113°, 0°; 5 sec.
814, 15° W, 57° N; 93°, 120°, 123°, 10°; 3-4 sec.
811, 15° W, 57° N; 72°, 0°, 135°, 10°; same 80° to 5-4.5 sec.

(a few data illegible or meaning uncertain)

It is obvious that as two longitude and three latitudes are given only to whole degrees
any solution will be very approximate. The duration was 6d = 2.7 sec, but its smoke
trail lasted from 10-15 min. as seen from 811 and also assumed a disc shape. It was
bright twilight at all stations. Sun reported rising at 815. Reported colors vary widely;
probably it was green-white. 857 reported to break up. 814 into 3 or 4 pieces, other
three no comment. Estimates of brightness vary greatly due to proximity of sunrise
point. 811, which was in most favorable position even if most distant, gives 5 to 10
times that of Venus. At night charts would place it from -12 to +12 or even
more. For solution, the usual charts, but with scale 1mm equal to 3° in latitude, was
most suitable. The most probable solution seems to be as follows:

Date                    1967 July 24.69 G.M.T.
Begin over              λ = 17° 00' W, Ø = 55° 47' N,   at 97 ± 46 km
End over                λ = 10° 26' W, Ø = 55° 47' N,   at 81 ± 50 km
Path                    39 km
Radiant uncorrected     a = 927°,   h = -24°.5
Radiant cor. for Δλ     a = -92°,   h = -27°
                        a = -246°,  * = +19°

It is obvious that the solution is too approximate to warrant calculation of an orbit,
but, despite the excessive probable error in the height, the conditions are too unique
not to place this fireball on record.

— 17 —


- page 31 -

SAF-OICC/4-P/Miss Turnure/bp/9079/18 Aug 67

AUG 18 1967

Dear [redacted]

This will reply to your recent correspondence on an unidentified flying object (UFO).

Without essential information, such as detailed flight characteristics, angular velocities, and weather information we are unable to undertake a comprehensive investigation. Had you contacted the UFO investigator at your nearest Air Force installation on-the-spot investigation would have been possible. Your information will be added to our present data base.

The enclosed information on Project Blue Book may be of interest to you.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

BARNETT B. YOUNG
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Mr. [redacted]
Grand Island, New York 14072

COORDINATED BY (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date):
SAFOL-CC

[Additional routing/coordination markings at bottom of page]


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

110°                                                                25 Jul 67

AUG 14 1967

Proposed reply to letter from (redacted) (Jul 27(Age 12, Sighting Jul 25, 1967))

Dear (redacted):

Reference your recent correspondence on your observation of an unidentified flying object.

Without essential information such as detailed flight characteristics, angular velocities, and weather information we are unable to undertake a comprehensive investigation. We wish you had contacted the nearest Air Force installation. Each base has a UFO investigator, who is in a far better position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation. Your information will be added to our present data base.

The enclosed information on Project Blue Book may be of interest to you. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.


- page 33 -

Here is the text from the document:

July 21'

Dear Mr. Quintanilla,

Enclosed is a form I filled out after spotting a UFO. I would appreciate it if you could send me as much free information on UFOs as you can. Also would you tell me what I saw?

Thank you.

Sincerely,

[Signature obscured]

P.S. Enclosed is a letter describing the UFO that I saw.


- page 34 -

The only legible text on this page is:

Guard Island, N.Y.

The rest of the document appears to be a series of blurry, horizontally striped black and white sections, with varying levels of graininess and contrast. The top portion of the document has some black lines crossing out or redacting something, but the text underneath is not clearly readable.


- page 35 -

