The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record form.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP 2-16-67
2. LOCATION      SALEM, OHIO
3. SOURCE        CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION ABOUT 2 MINUTES
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION VISUAL
7. COURSE NONE
8. PHOTOS N/A
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE 
   NONE
10. CONCLUSION
    INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
    SEE CASE FILE

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFFTD), addressed to an individual with a redacted address, regarding a UFO observation on 20 January 1967. The document requests the recipient to complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it to report their observation to the Air Force. The document is signed by James C. Manant, Colonel, USAF, Director of Technology and Subsystems.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFFTD)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDDT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 20 Jan 67

TO: [Redacted] 
Salem, Ohio [Redacted]

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANANT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report.

OCR Output:

Dear Sir:
Came across little this report right now of my children saw Sterling of Columbus Ohio. At about 7.15 9 P.M. They first saw it, to the west side of my home S.E. and quiet and quite still. It seem while I was working she came upon me and said have you seen that? I looked and yes it was very clear and bright. From where she was looking it was very close to the ground and about the size of a large star.
I watched it for several minutes. It would just sit and then make a short swing and sit still again. After watching it for about 10 or 15 minutes it seemed to get a little distance away and then it just took off very fast and disappeared. There was no sound at all.
I regret that I did not see it myself as I was working but my children did and they are very scared of it.
Please file this report and give me your opinion.
Thank you.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Output of the text in the document:

A fight 2 hours and 20 minutes the time it was seen that night any faster than the times given. the times given was correct. But of course they travel slow in actuality, They seem to travel at a practically a pericentric maneuver similar to a pencil. It is as if they did not want anyone to see them. The thing cannot possibly be aircraft as we know them. It moves farther than I figured at such a rapid burst of speed. It cannot be anything else unless you dispell my thinking that this thing I have seen is that of a small jet perhaps a whole smaller. We just cannot draw any conclusion as to what this thing is except that it is true and correct I have seen this thing before and never again unless something unnatural occurs 5:50 ballsomoly to disappear. But on the time I did detect had quite possibly seen something extremely interesting to watch with the point surface. I have this thing that was could possibly be described the point. 3 others have seen this same thing, but have not a permanent record of it. Concerning this stranger I observed.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten page from an old document.

Acutelly, what the possible point of sight  Supposed to remain this noising and irritising muting, since it did there.  9-painted lights  This document gives the secondary sight of puree a human  Becomes Ixn seer after according  Slightly puisset a man make settled, not exuciting  Whom he ever seen.  This seductive was meant though 120 lighted, which turned rapidly.  The speed of these I wo object. that might I would say of the real exerting place where going On 1960s of Juanary 8th. The contant the sighting,

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

East, 1 1/2 mile approx from here. This past summer a craft was observed hovering over a wheat field, evidently searching the area. It was sighted briefly on several occasions. As it hovered it was absolutely silent. We feel certain it was not a conventional aircraft.

It occurred during the day, about 10:15 a.m. The object in the sky was first sighted as a white light, and as it came closer we could see that it was a circular shaped craft, apparently metallic in appearance. As it maneuvered in the sky it seemed to change in size, sometimes appearing smaller and at other times larger. It remained in view for several minutes before it suddenly accelerated at a high rate of speed and disappeared from sight.  

The diameter appeared to be between 40 to 50 feet. The speed when it left was estimated to be 2,000 to 3,000 ft. a sec. The whitish light seemed to emanate from the whole craft. There was no sound or exhaust of any kind noted.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only handwritten text. I will proceed to output the text found in the document:

They seemed to be quite slim and they were about 3 feet long. They would just hover and didnt seem to move very much. At first sight, I thought they were some kind of small boys, till I got a closer look and saw what they really were. I passed night where they did, and went into a state of fear that I had never experienced before. They were quite bright and had a slight blue glow to them. They were hovering approximately 30-40 feet off the ground. There was a little silence and apparent fear. We were slightly awed. 
There were no second scene to come - just one brief silence. Aside from not being able to move it reminds me of a Barkley house call. I felt sorry I could not have seen this thing better. This could have been a visiting race from some other planet. Strange - the only recorded incident.

- page 7 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with the following text:

Careful analysis here at your have for your postist that just reduction resulting m many other more significant Negatives. 

August 16, 1967
Cob, Ohio

- page 8 -

