PROJECT 10373 RECORD

LOCATION
Hazelcrest, Illinois                (2 witnesses)

CONCLUSION
1. AIRBORNE
2. ASTRO (G/P)   [checkmark]

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers have been seeing alleged UFOs for months. Many descriptions were noted. Several police officers and witnesses point out various sightings of UFOs. Those which were not aircraft were incompatible. Witnesses claim they were being watched for some time. Witnesses observed a ovija could and at least the "beings" would talk to... through this board.

PHOTOS
[X] Yes
[ ] No

PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60291

13 April 1967

FTD (TDETR)
Research and Aerial Phenomena Division
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Attn: Major Hector Quintanilla:

Dear Major Quintanilla:

Enclosed is my report of the investigation made on April 9: Mrs.
Hazelcrest, Illinois.

Yours truly,
William T. Powers
William T. Powers

WTP:1p
encl.


- page 2 -

INVESTIGATION OF APRIL 9, 1967

Hazelcrest, Illinois 60429
By
William T. Powers

This investigation was requested by Lt. Marley after several telephone calls from Mrs. [redacted] to Maj. Quintanilla; Mrs. [redacted] had been observing UFO's in great numbers for several months, and felt that it was the duty of the Air Force to investigate them.

An attempt was made to deal with the investigation by telephone and letter, but Mrs. [redacted] said that the only way to appreciate what was going on was to pay a personal visit, so she could demonstrate the phenomenon directly.

Finally a trip was made to Hazelcrest, and an evening was spent with the family, during which a number of"UFO's" were observed by the investigator in the presence of the witnesses. The ones which were not airplanes were Venus, Capella, Castor, Pollux, and an undetermined star (possibly Vega) rising in the northeast. Present were Mr. and Mrs. [redacted], and Mr. and Mrs. [redacted], Mrs. [redacted]'s sister-in-law and her husband.

Mrs. [redacted] prepared a considerable amount of written material, which is enclosed. Taking the entries in the section labelled "April 3, 1967" in October 1966. The oval metallic object with the holes on the bottom appears to be the only observed object that could be classed as unconventional. Since this is the first object noted, this first sighting may explain the ensuing interest shown by the witness in the sky. The object and its behavior resembles description that have been received from other witnesses.

Nov.-Dec. 1966. The "beeping" sound, while unexplained, seems to have had an inordinate effect on the witness and her family. Perhaps the explanation lies in the accumulation of an Ouija Board by the witness, as a Christmas present for the daughter, with which the woman and daughter became fascinated: the board was received five days before the beeps were heard.

Jan. 31, 1967. The witnesses were apparently told by the board to "look out the window"; when they did they saw a bright red object, low, approaching


- page 3 -

the house, and then afterward two brilliant flashing white lights departing up
and to the east. Immediately following this experience the board apparently
began spelling out communications from "them". At this time the witness says
she still did not take the board seriously, but clearly the seeds had been
planted.

Feb. 1. The witness began watching the sky every night, and started
seeing objects "escorting" her to and from shopping. In the investigation,
it came out that none of the people involved understood how a star or planet
could seem to travel along with a car; they expected, apparently, to be able
to drive past the object if it were a star, and so concluded it was following,
or "escorting", them.

The lights which were seen in the sky, it was established during the
interview, were like the lights the interviewer saw while there, which were
definitely aircraft, stars, and planets. There can be no doubt of this, because
the witnesses pointed out the objects to the investigator, who examined them
all carefully by naked eye and with binoculars, and recognized them immediately.

The object which crossed over in front of the car and then went back was
Venus. Mrs. [redacted] emphasized that they were going straight up to Chicago, not
realizing that the Calumet Expressway turns, at one point, from due north to due
east and then after a mile or two back to due north. The turns in the highway
completely account for the "motions" of Venus, and the time of day and direction
to the object are correct for Venus.

Feb. 15. Venus again: the unusual aspect was its following the car,
which the witnesses did not understand.

Feb. 17. Venus, airplanes, or stars: the description is the same as before.

Feb. 20. The large glowing white light coming from the northwest was also
coming from the direction of O'Hare International Airport, 45 miles away, and
Glenview Naval Air Station, and Midway Airport. A definite V-shape was seen,
with lights in the usual positions for running lights on an airplane. The witnesses were not aware that airplanes can turn on their landing lights in the air,
nor of the appearance of such landing lights.

Feb. 22. The blue streak of light, from all descriptions, was a meteor.
One of the group, Mr. [redacted] recalled having seen similar objects in the past,
but wasn't sure what a meteor looked like.

Feb. 24. The escort to the Loop, despite the witnesses' comments, were


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

probably stars or planets. The darting and swooping is a common description and
results from motions of the line of sight, not motions of the object. The
witnesses were not acquainted with any stars except the Big Dipper. The "baby
dipper" mentioned elsewhere is the Pleiades; the "Little Dipper" was Sagittarius.

March 2. The odd part about the behavior of the white light seemed to
be its apparent stop, followed by motion in the opposite direction. The witness
asked whether our airplanes could fly that way, and was assured that an airplane
in the landing pattern for Hammond-Lansing Airport, which is in that direction and
has runway lights, would indeed give exactly that appearance. The witness had
called the local NIKE base, and had been told, in her words, "That I needed some-
one to testify to my sanity," which by now was beginning to dwindle." Of course
during this period the conversations via Ouija board had continued, and the sense
of mystery was very strong. The witness was attempting to remain level-headed,
but the strain was upsetting.

Mar. 3. The series of red lights, which were described as being similar
to what the investigator saw during the interview, followed at fairly regular
intervals along the southwest approach (from over Gary, Indiana) to O'Hare
Field.

The series of lights in a row which later changed formation were not lights
on radio-tower guy wires; this was checked. There were reports known to the
witnesses, however, of plastic-bag balloons of the type currently popular being
launched from an adjacent forest preserve. While no definite information about
the number was obtained, it was pointed out that a series of balloons rising into
balloons rising into upper winds could easily be displaced from a straight line
in the transition zone, after which the new arrangement would tend to remain
constant. The lights going out in order, of course, would correspond with the
burning out of the birthday candles in approximately the order in which they
were lit.

Mar. 6. The red and white lights were probably the usual airplanes.
(Near the end of the interview, the witnesses pointed out the white starlike
object that was seen for 45 minutes; it was, indeed, a starlike object. Mr.
Marlowe asked at one point whether it were possible for a star to appear and
disappear if clouds came in front of it.) It was about at this date that Mr.
Marlowe called Major Quintanilla, and the investigator was notified and called
Mrs. Marlowe.


- page 5 -

Comments and Conclusions

Mrs. [redacted] has sent a slide to the investigator, a photograph taken with an instamatic (with flash) of a white light seen in the northeast. This cannot be a planet or star; there are no bright planets in that direction, and no stars would show in such a short exposure (about 1/50 second). It may be a landing light. The picture is now being analyzed, and will be forwarded with comments when the analysis is finished. The object appears as a slightly elongated white dot.

All the witnesses appeared perfectly honest and sincere; moreover, they were not suffering from hallucinations or suggestions with respect to any of the objects seen by the investigator, since real objects were in fact there. However the witnesses were not highly educated, and said as much, so they were unaware of the simplest facts of astronomy. Mr. [redacted] said that the most interesting thing he learned during the interview was that stars can move in the sky, rising and setting like the sun or moon; he said that this fact certainly explained a lot of what they had seen, for they had assumed that the slow motion of the objects meant that they could not be stars or planets.

The investigator did not express any positive opinions about the worth of Ouija Boards as means for obtaining information. Instead, he gave a short discussion of the unconscious mind, how it can be seen in operation during dreams and when one gets inspirations without knowing where they come from, and pointed out that since the Ouija Board pointer must be moved by one's own muscles and brain, it is certainly possible that what is written is coming from the unconscious, although one must still wonder about the ultimate source of the material.

One of the witnesses pointed out herself why the "communications" had a different character for each person working the board. This discussion met with great interest. The investigator voiced the opinion that as long as one were aware of all the possible reasons for the operation of the Ouija Board, he saw no harm in exploring the phenomenon, pointing out that many scientists study precisely such effects by various means.

At the end of the interview, it became evident that Mrs. [redacted] felt greatly relieved, especially to be rid of the idea that something had gone wrong with her mind, a thought which had obviously been weighing more and more heavily on her (at one point she threw away the board and all written materials associated with this experience, and tried to forget all about it - but the red lights kept


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

coming by). The obvious sincerity of her concern that comes through in the
enclosed material was fully borne out in the interview; Mr. [redacted] concern
was also evident, as was his determination to be loyal to his wife and to
believe as she believed.

Despite the fact that the subject-matter proved to be a rather ordinary
series of misidentifications (save perhaps the very first sighting), the
investigator concludes that the results of the trip were well worth the effort.


- page 7 -

Memo for the Record: 16 Mar 67

Received call from a Mrs. [redacted] on or about 7 March 67 regarding her contact with extraterrestrial visitors. She said that "they" wanted to talk with her Major Quintanilla. Her family has been observed for nearly three years. These unusual craft have been around the area many times. They have one large red light and several smaller flashing lights.

Received call from Mr. [redacted] wanting to know if the AF was going to come out and talk with them. He had something to tell the AF. His wife had drawings of the things and of their craft. He wanted to talk with Major Quintanilla in person.

Hazelcrest Ill


- page 8 -

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

2 May 1967

PTD (TDETR)
Research and Aerial Phenomena Division
Wright Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Attn: Lt. Marley

Dear Bill:

Mrs. Marlowe wants the written material she sent to us; she is going to consult a doctor and feels that it may be pertinent. Could you send it to her right away?

Address: Mrs. Jack Marlowe
2710 Turtle Creek Drive
Hazelcrest, Illinois 60429

Thanks,
Bill Powers

WTP:lh

Sent 8 May 1967.


- page 9 -

