The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record form with various fields filled out, including the date, time, location, source, number of objects, length of observation, type of observation, course, and physical evidence.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 15/7/67
2. LOCATION: Boisey, Idaho
4. SOURCE: Civilian
6. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: The object was oval shaped and gray in color. The observed got out of the house and watched the object almost a complete backtrack. The object then sped up very fast and vanished back into the clouds.
8. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 500-600 MPH
21. Can you describe the size of the object? (Circle One) Yes 
If you answered YES, can you describe the size of the object? APPROXIMATELY 50 FEET ACROSS
22. Where were you when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other
23. Were you (Circle One) a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open country side? d. Near an airport? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 How fast were you moving? Miles per hour 
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses Yes b. Sun glasses Yes c. Binoculars Yes d. Telescope Yes e. Windshield Yes f. Other 
26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object with which the size, shape, speed or any other characteristic of the object which you saw would compare.

Pot lid

- page 2 -

The image contains a technical diagram and instructions related to an official U.S. Air Force document. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

Extracting the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object appeared when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, If so give date or dates and location.
[] - 

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
Yes No

31. If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 41  SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object? (Please give exact date)
May 16  1967  Date
Boise, Idaho  Location

SORRY SO LATCE WRITING ABOUT EXDPERIENCE JUST GETTING TO IT

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force UFO investigation program.

OCR output:

Official U.S. Air Force U 
34. Date you completed this questionnaire.
25. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire. You may use this space or a narrative explanation of your sighting. 

OBJECT CAUSE OUT OF PLANE GOING BY FAST ALWAYS WITHIN SITE AND VERY BRIGHT LIKE METAL GOING UP AND DOWN MANY TIMES DISAPPEARED AND CAME BACK VARY FAST.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a "FO form continued" document, with a blank space where a photograph or other visual content would typically be included.

FO form continued
Page 6

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a blank page with only handwritten text, which reads:

Raddar
Photograph missing
24 Jan 75

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed letter containing text related to a Project Blue Book investigation.

Text transcription:

MAY 13 1957

Dear Jim:

Reference your recent observation and subsequent photograph of an unidentified flying object.

Examination revealed the presence of a circular shaped object with some type of protrusion. The initial report stated the object possessed a small degree of illumination along its circumference. The background of the photograph appears dark with no other distinguishing features.

Since there was no indication of size for the object, a scaling factor to size the object was precluded. If the object was traveling at high speed, the witness stated, more degrees of blurring should have been present.

Degrees of blurring observed in the report. At one point, it was stated the object was visible for three or four seconds. The duration for which the object was sighted is stated as 20 to 30 seconds. This discrepancy has not been resolved. There is no evidence in the photograph that the object is extraterrestrial.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DOI

SUBJECT: UFO Report 

TO: THE (PROPER) 
Wiliam-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. The following UFO report is submitted in accordance with AFR 200-2. The sighting occurred on 19 Jan 1967 but was not reported until 2 Mar 67. This report is forwarded as the information requested in para 11 of the regulation.

a. Description of the object:
(1) Oval
(2) Reddish-brown 
(3) Gray
(4) Dull
(5) N/A
(6) Yes, see photo
(7) None
(8) None

b. Description of course of object:
(1) Straight
(2) 500
(3) 600
(4) Object came downward out of clouds, slowed down to almost stop, sped up very fast and banked back into the clouds.
(5) By going behind cloud cover to the South East.
(6) In sight for approximately 20 seconds.

c. Manner of observation:
(1) Ground-visual
(2) None
(3) N/A

d. Time and date of sighting: 
(1) 19/019/Jan 1967 - 19:15 PST
(2) Night

e. Location of observer: Backyard of house, Boise, Idaho (43 37'/116 13E)

- page 9 -

The image contains a Polaroid photograph that was reportedly taken by the observer. The text indicates that the photo was produced at Nellis Air Force Base, Idaho and reproduced by this organization for their records.

Identifying Information on Observer:
Name: [Redacted]
Address: Boise, Idaho
Occupation: 6th grade (junior high)
No reason other than age to doubt reliability.

Weather and Wind-Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sighting:
(1) Recorded clouds, day, no moonlight.
(2) Report from the Boise Weather Bureau (Airport station):
Wind direction - ESE
Velocity in degrees - 40
Gusts at surface - 0

(3) Ceiling - 14,000'
(4) Visibility - 30 mi.
(5) Amount of cloud cover - Broken
(6) Indications in area & quadrant - none
(7) Vertical temperature gradient - ground level - +028

Any other unusual activity or conditions: None

Interception or Identification action taken: None

Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight or air traffic of related or balloon releases in the area that might possibly account for the sighting: Boise FAA Chief (Mr. Conch*) is stated that there were no aircraft on IFR at that time.

The observer stated that he was in the backyard of his home attempting to take a picture of the object when he saw the object. He took a Polaroid Model "20" Swinger.

The case photo is from Nellis Air Force Base, Idaho reproduced by this organization for their records. The original and one copy will remain on file by this organization.

The investigation was conducted by: SSGT RICHARD E. BLOCK, AF17/7063), USAF (Ret.) (CCD) Moniteau Hose APD, Lisbon, Ohio 43920. The investigating official states that the actual sighting and the reporting of this UFO, the investigating official can not give any positive conclusion of the sighting.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WILLIAM C. RALEY, MAJOR, USAF
UFO Reporting Officer

- page 10 -

The image appears to contain a Polaroid print of an unidentified flying object. The report describes the object as "circular in platform, basically flat in cross-section" and "possesses a small degree of high lighting along the domed 'superstructure' on the background of the photograph." The quality of the photograph is described as "Poor".

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 67-22

SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION: BOISE, IDAHO
DATE: 18 Jan 67

PHOTOGRAPHY: 
AF: - IR: - QUALITY: Poor
PMS: 1 Polaroid Print (B&W)

1. PURPOSE: This report is in answer to Work Order Number 67-31 which relates to a request submitted by Radio Correspondent KBPR, to determine the identity of the object photographed.

2. ANALYSIS: Examination of the submitted Polaroid-type print has negated retouching, and as the object is the only item appearing in the photograph, it could not be determined whether an aircraft or automobile was present. The photography appears genuine in all respects.

The object appears to be circular in platform, basically flat in cross-section with some degree of high lighting along the domed "superstructure". Source related that the photograph was taken at night under clear skies. The object possesses a small degree of high lighting along the domed "superstructure" and the background as it appears lifelike. An examination of the photograph appears dark with the exception of the top portion which exhibits a small degree of luminosity. The object is located within this anomaly and its background is "superstructure". As described did not warrant that the object be considered an artifice.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:
DOUGLAS H. ROGERS
Intelligence Research Specialist

APPROVED BY: 
WILLIAM L. TURNER
Major, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

WILBER PRICE, JR.
Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" containing a questionnaire for people to report sightings of unidentified objects.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible regarding the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any publicity.
1. When did you see the object? ___ to ___, ___ 19__
2. Time of day: 6:15 P.M. (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other _
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 4214 17th ST. Boise, IDAHO
5. How long was the object in sight? (Total Duration): 55 minutes Seconds
a. Continually in sight b. Lost at times 
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Clear b. Cloudy c. Hazy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form titled "FORCE UFO FORM" used for documenting observations of unidentified flying objects.

8. MOON (Circle One):
a. Cloudy
b. Bright moonlight
c. Dull moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clearly
b. Hazy, mist, or light rain 
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Suddenly
b. Transparent
c. Visible
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Clearly defined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
Yes  No  Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? 
Yes  No  Don't know
c. Fade up over the horizon or horizon?
Yes  No  Don't know  
d. Change brightness?
Yes  No  Don't know
e. Change shape?
Yes  No  Don't know
f. Fly behind something?
Yes  No  Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear?
Yes  No  Don't know

- page 13 -

The image contains a photograph of a UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document appears to be an official U.S. Air Force form with various questions and spaces for the observer to fill out details about a sighting.

Text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? YES .TELL WHAT HAPPENED
15. Did the object leave behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Circle One: YES (WHAT DID IT LEAVE BEHIND?) No Don't know
16. Did the object move in front of or anything at any time, particularly a cloud? Circle One: YES (WHAT MOVED IN FRONT OF?) No Don't know
17. List in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound -SILENT
b. Color - DARK GRAY ABOUT 30-40 FEET LONG
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the match stick is covered by the object. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the match stick would have been covered by the object?   ⁱⁿᶜʰ.
19. Draw a picture that will show the passage of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction of motion.

- page 14 -

