PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
27 May 1967 28/0152

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Not Stated

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

2. LOCATION
Shade, Ohio (Multiple)

10. CONCLUSION
Satellite (ECHO II) ✓ HQ

ECHO II was over the area at the time of the sighting heading N
at 01:52 (GNT/L.M)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
- Object looked like the top of a coup bowl. Around the edges
it had a bright, flashing white light. Object had a sound of
a roaring motor of a car. Object did not change size. Object
disappeared over the top of a building and out of sight.

FTD SEP 63-0329 (TDE)    Previous edition of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

Mr. Sawyer, seen something like it through night in Shade

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw this object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

They were my sisters, had only sister, Kendig, living in Shade at the time.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                   Shade,      H      Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER          AGE 16     SEX Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I am seeing with interested in space. I travel some UFCs. I believe in them some strongly and I have standing about them.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   I wrote to Ugun
                                                                    Card took one
Day         April       Year 1967    close.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 28th April 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The page is blank below the text of question 35.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Echo II over area at
time of sighting
over 81 W 40 N
Shade, Ohio 0143
43-76
May 23, 1967

[Handwritten text, partially illegible due to cursive script and some words being difficult to make out clearly. The text appears to be a report or letter about a UFO sighting, but the full details are not completely clear.]

At the bottom of the page, there are some blacked-out sections, likely redacting personal information.


- page 4 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO                                      26 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 17 April 1967

TO: [Redacted]
     Shade, Ohio 45775

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems     1 Atch
                                          FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Shade, Ohio
48716

Dear Sirs:

On Circa 17, 1967 at 8:45 p.m.
my brother and I saw a U.F.O. We
watched it hover over little king airpark
and later in the sky swinging back and
over city at a height of 1000 ft. or
more with no sound. At this point it
completely stopped, 15 miles east coming
from the east fairly fast.

We could see clearly if it were
a scientific object. We, oh, that's data
about 15 miles north of Shade, Ohio and
Shade, Ohio and is in
_______ County. I was very much I am
hoping to hear from you soon.

Sincerely,
[Redacted signature]

Send 164


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Handwritten: 17 April 1967]

2. Time of day: 8 45
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Partially redacted address] Ohio, Shade, Ohio
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
10 Hours Minutes Seconds

(Circle One): a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By a clock

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, 1st Oct, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

8. IF you saw this object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or hazy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

c. As a light
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text that is partially illegible]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

a. Other
[Handwritten text]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Yes/No/Don't know columns are filled out for each question]

Page 2 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It went up, it went over the top of a building and went out of sight. I looked out again almost a minute later.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   A whistling sound like a car motor.
b. Color:   Very soft white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Approximately 1/3 of it.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn circular/oval shape with additional handwritten notes around the sketch]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 200 miles per hour approx.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you this object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 135 miles away

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other (Specify) Near Logan, Ohio, Passing over farm land at Lima, Ohio

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[The last section contains handwritten text that is partially illegible]


- page 10 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at this point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The page is labeled "Page 5" at the top right corner.


- page 11 -

