There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document providing a report on a UFO sighting. 

PROJECT NO.: 10243
12 April 67  3/30/67
Location: Cherryville, North Carolina (C. Macauso)
Conclusion: Possible (continued...)
Number of Objects: one
Length of Observation: brief summary and analysis
Sighting Length: 10 minutes
Type of Observation: visual
Course: Observed object on horizon, not moving

Physical Evidence: none

The text from the document is as follows:

PROJECT NO.: 10243
12 April 67  3/30/67
LOCATION: Cherryville, North Carolina (C. Macauso)
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (continued...)
1. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: one
4. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: brief summary and analysis
9. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: visual
7. COURSE: observed object on horizon, not moving.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document, possibly part of a report from Project Blue Book.

Text extracted from the document:

Gentlemen:

As you have told us about 4 months ago some of your members were intrigued by a strange object they witnessed and now I remembered a habell to tell you out of it I avoided something un[usual]. I case of figure out whether I believe in them or not, but I saw something that have really scared me to this page.

Please write to my friend [redacted] at [redacted]. He advised me a month earlier. His address is: [redacted]

Please write him and ask him about the object. Cherryville, N.C. [redacted]

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, likely containing handwritten notes or observations about a UFO sighting.

Transcribing the text from the document:

When did you see the object? APRIL 1947

Time of day: 2 (040) hours 10 A.M. (P.M.) 

Time gone: 8. Eastern
         9. Central
         D. Mountain

Where were you when you saw the object? Cherryville, North Carolina city or county

How long was object in sight? Certain Fairly certain. Motory sure

- It was time in night determined? Partly guessing
- it partly lay my watch.

- Was object continuing ? Yes not

What was the condition of the sky? Cloudy

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains handwritten text that appears to be a report or notes. I will now perform OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the image and provide the output:

If you saw the object during daylight, where was the sun located as your looked at the object? I was west.

If you saw the object at night, what did you notice concerning the stars and moon?
STARS - Did not remember
MOON - Bright moonlight
- Dull moonlight
- No moon at all - Pitch Dark
- Don't remember

What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
WEATHER - Clear sky
- Hazy
- Mist or fog
- Overcast
- Wind

The object appeared:
SOLID - Transparent - Opaque - As a light

If the object appeared as a light, was it brighter than the stars? No. It appeared to be about the same size or slightly smaller than the stars.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

- Compare brightness to some common object?
- Solid like planet except yet 2 or 3 times as bright - not airplane because it was as close but made no sound. It doesn't move for a little while.
© The size of the object were: Couldn't make out the outline
@ Did the object: 
- Appear to stand still at any time?  Yes
- Blinking, pulsing, and/or waving any way? Yes, partly so
- Glow with the planet or offshot?  No
- Twinkle like a star?  No  
- Change brightness?  Yes
- Change shape?  No
- Trail or plume?  Yes
- Does it disappear and reappear?  Yes
@ Did the object disappear while you were watching it?  No
@ Did the object move declined somewhat at very long particulary a climb?  Don't know.

- page 5 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten document with text discussing an unidentified flying object (UFO) incident.

Text from the document:

Did the object move in front of the thing at any time, particular a allowed? Don't know.

Tell in a few words the following things about this object:
- Stand: None that I now recall. There was no definite stand, just seemed to stay about the same altitude, say 5 to 10,000 feet.
- Color: Red, mostly red, I would say 10 to 15 with a few white lights.
- The match experiment: The match would have occurred about to 2 p.m.
- Draw a picture: That will show the shape of the object. I will draw it as I saw it. All I saw was lights.
* * * That is the best I can do. It is hard to remember because it scared me so...

Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? Yes, about 40 to 50 miles per hour.

Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? Yes, about 4000 feet.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Here is the text from the document:

Where were you located when you saw the object? I was partly in the residential section of a city and in open country aisle.

Answer in 22.

I was an automobile moving West at about 9:30 pm. Did you affect anything while you were looking at the object? You three times.

I saw the object with my naked eye and then the wind shield.

A colored airplane very close to the ground. But it wasn't moving.

The object was at an angle of about 35 degrees.

The object went or moved in a straight line motion.

There was only one object.

We never seen an object like this one before.

No one, just myself saw the object that night. D... F. C. .

- page 7 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document with information related to a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

Please give the following information about yourself:

Name: [redacted]
Address: [redacted]
Telephone No.: [redacted]

When and where did you observe the object?
April 19, 1967

My parents and two of my friends.

Date you completed this questionnaire: 
April 1967

Other information:
I stated earlier that the object looked like an airplane, but I now know it wasn't for a fact. I would like for you to write me back when you've found out what I saw.

- page 8 -

