PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
1 Apr 67  0/1830z

2. LOCATION
Fairplay, Colorado

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
AIRCRAFT (Helicopter)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 minutes 30 seconds

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated that the object appeared to be between golden and circular-like a cup. It was aluminum-silver. The observers stated that object appeared to have landed.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
None Stated

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

LOWRY TECHNICAL AIR TRAINING CENTER (ATC)
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE, 80230, Colorado

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: XPCP
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO:

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information will be filled in and then forwarded immediately to Plans/Program attention XPCP.

a. Description of the Object(s):

(1) Shape. Between oblong and circular - like a cup

(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms: Head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball, grapefruit, or basketball) held in the hand about arm's length - 2½ or 3 arm lengths - half mile away

(3) Color. Aluminum - silver (very clear against green background of trees)

(4) Number. One (1)

(5) Formation, if more than one. N/A

(6) Any discernible features or details. No windows, cockpit, wings or tail

(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s). None

(8) Sound. If heard, describe sound. None

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features. None

Date stamps/notes:
1 Apr 67
Fairplay, Colo.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

b. Description of course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
Life noticed object from car window. Stopped car. Had good observation points from top of Kenosha Pass.

(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed.
15 to 20 degrees - approx 75 feet above trees.

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
Gradually descended behind and below tree lines. Appeared to have landed.

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
Moved and then descended straight down.

(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.)
Appeared to have landed.

(6) How long was the object(s) visible. (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc)
Total of 14 minutes.

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, ground - electronic, air electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar.)
Ground visual.

(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) used and description thereof.
None.

(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.
N/A

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date-group of sighting.
24/1830Z Sep 69

2


- page 3 -

h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.
None

i. Interception of identification action taken (such action may be taken whenever feasible, complying with existing Air Defense directives).
N/A

j. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting.
Unknown

k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).
possible helicopter

l. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.
None - Reported to Hq Commanding Boulder and was referred to Lowry Road Pres.
also reported to State Patrolman Glen Anderson of Fairplay, Colo at 11:00a, the
local trooper of a summary of the reported landing case. Witnesses were unable to
describe this but may be contacted by phone from Colo. Springs

[Signature]
Eleventh Group
Deputy for Intelligence


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

(2) Light conditions. (use of one of the following terms: Night, Day, dawn, dusk)

e. Location of Observer(s). Exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position. A position with reference to a known landmark also should be given in electrical reports, such as "2nd N of Deeville" "3ml SW of Blue Lake". Typographical errors or "garbling" often results in electrically transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

EXAMPLE: 89 45N, 192 71W for 39 45N, 102 21W.

From summit of Kenosha Pass - object was located toward Kenosha Village

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian. Name, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.

(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.

g. Weather and winds -- Aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:
Clear - visibility excellent, Traveled wind did not seem to affect movement of object.

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions.

(2) Report From nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 16,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000' if available.

(3) Ceiling. 5000 scattered, 14,000 broken, lightly broken

(4) Visibility. 13 miles

(5) Amount of cloud cover.

(6) Thunderstorms in area gd quadrant in which located. None

3


- page 5 -

