PROJECT 10-73 RECORD

1. TIME GROUP
21 Mar 67    01/0402

2. LOCATION
Oil City, Penn. Event

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (AIRCRAFT)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
[Illegible]

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 hrs 30s

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
[Illegible]

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was a car, silver color with red square windows and a flashin. Wave in. The woman, around the windows. Object disappeared. Spoke, be-like a group of hills. Observer noticed, concluded like a cigar which was very large with windows. She stated object was low and not see any wings.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

From Pittsburgh, PA

DIRECTOR: SERVICE DISCONTINUED
Non-delivery due to failure of sender
to supply complete or correct address
Do not reuse the envelope

Calmerville Airport

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15237


- page 2 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    TDEN/UFO                                                   3 May 1967

SUBJECT:    UFO Observation, 31 Mar 67

TO:         Miss [redacted]
            [redacted], Pennsylvania 15557

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems                1 Atch
                                                     FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Project Bluebook
SAFOI
Washington, D. C.

Dear Sirs:

I would like to report to you a sighting of a UFO. The object was sighted at about 7:40 P.M. on March 31, 1967 at Venango Campus in Oil City, Pennsylvania. I would have reported the sighting sooner, but I didn't know where to send the report.

I am a Freshman at Venango Campus, one of the evening of March 31, 1967 I was walking on a walk. As I recall, it was a clear night and the stars were visible. I was alone when I felt the urge to look into the sky, and then I saw the UFO. It was clear-shaped and had windows which were clearly visible. It was so light out that I could see that the UFO had no wings at all. The windows in the object glowed red, and because of the light from the windows and also the brightness of the night I could see the object very clearly. Here is a diagram of what it looked like.

[A hand-drawn diagram of a rectangular object with multiple squares/windows and an arrow indicating movement]

As I mentioned before, the windows were red, but a white flashing light was going around inside the object, and I could see it flashing from the window. The light rotated in the direction in which the arrow on my diagram points.

Send 164


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

hear any sound such as that of an air craft the
whole air was lit. I observed this object. It was
whirly close to the earth, but I could not dive
you an altitude because I am not that good a judge
of distance. The object was large, too. I observed
it for about two or three minutes, and then it went
behind a chain of mountains.

In case you are wondering about whether or not
that I am not the type of person who would pull a
joke about something so serious as a UFO.

All of the information which I have stated in
this letter is true.

Sincerely,

[Signature is blacked out]


- page 5 -

IDENT/UFO (1st Lt Marie)/70916/mhs/29Jn67)                    30 June 1967

UFO Observation, March 31, 1967

Mr. [redacted]
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

1. Our office has been informed by the Federal Aviation Agency that you participate in aerial advertising in the Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania area. In the past, such activity has been responsible for numerous reports of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

2. A report of an UFO observation was recently submitted to the Air Force from Oil City, Pennsylvania. This particular observation occurred on March 31, 1967 at approximately 1940 hours. Request information if you were engaged in any such activity on this date and if affirmative, the exact location.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

WRITE TO
FRED EILER
CAMEREVILLE, AIRPX
PITTSBRG, PA.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
31     March     1967
Day    Month     Year

2. Time of day:    7     40
            Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Motormens Hill Ranger Campsite     Oil City     Pennsylvania
Nearest Postal Address             City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    0     2     0
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain        c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    Clk watch & looked at

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
TD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes STD 164


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?     Yes   No   Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   Yes   No   Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode?    Yes   No   Don't know
d. Give off smoke?     Yes   No   Don't know
e. Change brightness?    Yes   No   Don't know
f. Change shape?     Yes   No   Don't know
g. Flash or flicker?     Yes   No   Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear?    Yes   No   Don't know


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
yes, it moved behind a
group of trees and I lost sight of it.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: It moved behind the hills when it disappeared.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - No sound
b. Color - Gray silvered with red glows windows only flashing with red light
rotating around it.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? Almost all of the
object would have been 1/2 because it was doesn't know. It was
very large.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with windows, with annotations about its movement and appearance]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [illegible]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other campus at edge of city

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank] miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No    e. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No    f. Telescope    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No    g. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No    h. Other [blank]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[handwritten response] It looked like a cigar which was very large with windows on it. It was low and I saw no wings on it.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document contains a compass diagram and a curved line with angle measurements from 0° to 90°, along with a simple sketch of a landscape and a person.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
7/17

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
Last Name                First Name           Middle Name
ADDRESS
Street        Haywood        City        Zone        Pennsylvania        State
TELEPHONE NUMBER                AGE 17     SEX Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
college freshman

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day     Month     Year
I told my friends that same evening but I didn't tell any officials until I wrote to Wright Patterson and was sent this form.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    26     May     1967
    Day     Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

I would never have seen the object if I had not have planned in the sky to look at the stars. It was silent out and the object made no sound. It did not look like any aircraft I have ever seen.


- page 13 -

