There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record that contains a form with information about an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

PROJECT 10973 RECORD
1. ERASE-TIME GROUP: 23/4/1967
2. LOCATION: Westmont, Illinois
10. CONCLUSION: BALLOON (Not Air)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers watch a reddish orange fuzzy object travel toward the east. Object glowed from view. No sound was noted at any time during the sighting. Object was confirmed to be a balloon traveling through the sky. The size was estimated to be approximately 2.5-3.0 degrees. The description is consistent with a balloon.

- page 1 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please answer the questions as completely as possible. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is possible to contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? Saturday, Apr 22, 1967  
2. Time of day: 10 P.M. 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Westmont, Illinois
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration): 0 Hours 10 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was the object first sighted?  By binoculars (estimated)
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?  Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? (Circle One): a. Clear, b. Bright, c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you, b. Behind you, c. To your right, d. To your left, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember

FTD FORM 664 Prescribed by LIBBY ET CETERA, Legislative Reference Service, May 1962

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a form with various questions and check-boxes for the witness to fill out.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE OR CONCERN THE STARS AND MOON?
9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
10. THE OBJECT APPEARED:
11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS?
12. THE SHAPE OF THE OBJECT WAS:
13. DID THE OBJECT:

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this document. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report.

As requested, here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It looked as though it spiraled up while spinning, attitude.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle one): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle one): Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what: in front of, We could see it clearly the whole time.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Did not hear any sound
b. Color was reddish orange

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered?
About 3/4's of the object would be covered.

19. Draw a picture showing the path of travel of the object, the direction it was moving, and include in your drawing any details you may have seen such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow to show the direction the object was moving.

EAST 
Straight path - Picked up speed 
to the east

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from an old UFO report document with a form or questionnaire. 

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No  

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors  
d. In an aircraft (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Where you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North, East, South, West, Northeast, Southeast, Southwest, Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 50-70 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes b. Sun glasses Yes c. Binoculars Yes d. Telescope Yes e. Windshield Yes f. Window glass Yes g. Telephoto lens Yes h. Other

26. In order the give a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A reddish-orange ball of yarn.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a diagram and instructions related to reporting UFO sightings. The diagram includes a curved line with angular measurements and a compass rose. The instructions provide guidance on how to sketch the path and changes in direction of an observed object or objects.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a sketch that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. This appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with questions and answers related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

Here is the text from the document, transcribed as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
(No response)

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
(Redacted)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
Name: (Redacted)
Address: (Redacted)
Telephone Number: (Redacted)
Age: 17
Sex: male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
(No additional information provided)

33. When and where did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: April
Month: 3
Year: 1967
(Redacted)

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a form with various fields, but no photograph is visible.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 25th April 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph visible in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a letter from Barnett E. Young, Lt. Colonel, USAF, Community Relations Division, Office of Information.

The text from the document is as follows:

This replies to your recent correspondence concerning your unidentified observation.

Although a positive identification has not been made, investigation revealed that you probably observed a hot air balloon. The description you submitted is consistent with such an observation. Balloons of this type have been accountedfor twenty-seven sightings reported to the Air Force.

At the time of your sighting, the wind was from approximately 220 degrees. Balloons which would have covered the correct path were constructing from plastic day balloons. Not air balloons have been constructed from plastic day balloons for some time and do contain fire or such to account for the dim fiery look.

We wish to thank you for reporting your interesting observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

BARNETT E. YOUNG
Lt. Colonel, USAF
Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Hillsdale, Illinois 20521

- page 9 -

