PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. D.A.F. TIME GROUP: 25 Aug 67 26/0200Z
2. LOCATION: Jacksonville, Florida
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 1 minute
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual (TX)
7. COURSE: V - NW
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Probable Satellite (PAGES A)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: One observer viewed the object through a TX and stated the object was disc shaped, it was a bright luminous light. Object appeared fuzzy around the edge. Object disappeared by growing dim and headed N at a slow speed.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Jacksonville, Florida 32211

pub. Satellite (Negro-AR)

Dear Gentlemen:

Thank you very much for answering my letter I sent you requesting information on UFO's.

Enclosed is a questionnaire with information concerning a UFO I saw on August 25, 1967, while watching for meteors.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
25     Aug.    1967
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 10     00
            Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. (Eastern)    (Circle One): a. (Daylight Saving)
             b. Central                   b. Standard
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted]    Jacksonville    Florida
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
        Hours    1    Minutes    Seconds
a. Certain     c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. (Just a guess)

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes X    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright          a. (Bright)
b. Cloudy          b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. in front of you    d. To your left
             b. in back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM            Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative Reference Service
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.            May 1966


- page 3 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. (many)
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. (Scattered clouds)
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. (Dry)
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. (As a light)
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. (Brighter)
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
A street light.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. (Like a bright star)
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other A friend of mine saw it
through a telescope and said
it was disc shaped.

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rust away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Yes)
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

(No)
(No)
(No)
(No)
(No)
(No)
(No)
(No)

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 4 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes. It was bright at first but it dimmed and headed North at what appeared to be a slow speed.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   (Yes)   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
if moved behind:   trees.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:   [blank]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   We couldn't make out any sound, it might have been too far away.
b. Color:   It was a very bright and luminous white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
It would probably be slightly larger than the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction. The object was moving COMPARED TO
                                                                    THE TREES.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included showing a fuzzy round object moving north, with trees and Townsend Blvd. labeled.]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?  it appeared slow

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   (No)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?  [No response]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other In my front yard.

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other In the suburbs.

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? [No response] miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   (No)   f. Binoculars   Yes   (No)
b. Sun glasses   Yes   (No)   g. Telescope   Yes   (No)
c. Windshield   Yes   (No)   h. Theodolite   Yes   (No)
d. Window glass   Yes   No   i. Other XXXXX was y friend did.

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

STREET LIGHT.


- page 6 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved lines to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved lines to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? There was just one object. Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Yes, May 1965; I saw two around 3 or 9 o'clock. I was located on Columbine Road and was riding my bike. August 27, 1967: I saw one UFO that appeared 4 different times between 8 and 9 o'clock P.M. I was in street in front of house.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) (Yes) No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) (Yes) No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted names and addresses]
Jacksonville, Florida 32211
Jacksonville, Florida 32211

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted] Jacksonville Zip:32211 Florida
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted] AGE 14 SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Date: 25th of Aug. 1967 and reported to [Redacted] telephony stay.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    26    Sept.    1967
    Day         Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

WE SAW THE OBJECT WHILE WATCHING
FOR METEORS. WE WATCHED FOR METEORS
ON THREE NIGHTS (Aug. 25-27). ON THE 25TH
WE SEEN AN OBJECT EAST OF THE HOUSE.
ON THE 27TH WE SAW AN OBJECT APPEAR
4 TIMES AND IT WAS WEST OF THE HOUSE.


- page 9 -

