PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
4 Mar 67

2. LOCATION
Galesburg, Moline, Illinois (Multiple)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
1. UNIDENTIFIED (Cowan)
2. INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION (Powell)
3. UNIDENTIFIED (McKee)
4. WEATHER BALLOON (Fisher)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Multiple

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Varied

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual (BX)

7. COURSE
Varied

8. PHOTOS
8mm Film
☒ Yes
☐ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

ITINERARY

Arrived Moline Airport at 1415 hours.

1430 - Moline Polices Station - Viewed Film

1500 - Interviewed [blacked out]. Taped interview with [blacked out]. Took statements.

1600 - Visited sighting area [blacked out] streets, Moline.

1700 - Made telephone calls verifying air traffic, weather, radar sightings etc.

1800 - Set up appointments with Deputies [blacked out] and [blacked out]

2100 - Interviewed Sacred Heart Nuns.

2200 - Contacted Guard Pilots.

2300 - Interviewed Deputy [blacked out] viewed sighting area.

0100 - Interviewed Deputy [blacked out] viewed sighting area.

0100 - Termination of interview with [blacked out]

1000 - Monmouth, received physical evidence, received additional physical evidence from teacher.

1130 - Obtained map of flight from CWB Luchner.

1200 - Interviewed [blacked out] checked camera and arranged for receipt of film copy.

1300 - Visited R. I. Arsenal, checked with Central Security and Traffic Management at Headquarters.

1400 - Visited transient refueling and transient maintenance area's at "Quad City" airport.

Departed Moline at 1720 hours on Commercial Air.


- page 2 -

PART III

AREAS OF INVESTIGATION


- page 3 -

PART III

AREAS OF INVESTIGATION


- page 4 -

Areas of Investigation.

A. Weather Bureau (Moline) (Chanute AFB, Illinois).

B. Airports and aircraft movement.
    (1) Quad City Tower.
    (2) Mount Joy Tower.
    (3) Rock Island Arsenal.
    (4) Chicago ARTC.
    (5) Joliet Radio.
    (6) Burlington Radio.
    (7) ADC, 20th Air Division.
    (8) 1105th Air Trans, Iowa Air Guard
    (9) Illinois Army Guard at Quad City
    (10) Quad City Airport Manager (Servicing)
    (11) Galesburg Airport Manager
    (12) State Police Helicopters
    (13) Private owned Helicopters

C. Witness interrogation - contained in Section IV.


- page 5 -

SECTION A


- page 6 -

A. The following weather information was received by telephone from the U. S. Weather Bureau in Moline, Illinois:

Winds: Surface         1300 hrs CST     190/12 G 24
                       1400 hrs CST     180/11 G 24

        6,000 feet     1330 hrs CST     210/30
        10,000 feet    1330 hrs CST     270/30
        18,000 feet    1330 hrs CST     280/55

Ceiling: Clear condition prevailed.

Visibility: Unlimited, over 15 NM in all directions

Temperature: Plus 12 degrees centigrade at surface.
             Plus 2 degrees centigrade at 5,000 feet.
             Minus 16 degrees centigrade at 10,000 feet.

No weather balloons were launched on the 9th of March. No information received concerning weather balloons from other stations west of the Moline area.


- page 7 -

Midnight, 07 Mar 67: Surface temperatures in area are 26 - 29° F. Surface winds are South-Westerly, Wind Speed is 7 to 10 Knots. The winds are shifting on the surface, going from SW to NW. Low clouds are approaching from the NW, but at the present time, the area is relatively free from significant clouds. A temperature drop is due before moving.

Winds aloft:
3000 feet     320°/18 Kts
5500 feet     300°/20 Kts
8000 feet     280°/22 Kts
10000 feet    310°/18 Kts


- page 8 -

Surface Weather
07 MAR 1967 0600Z/0000E
Plotter: AIC SOLL

The rest of the text appears to be location codes or abbreviations scattered across the map, such as ALO, LMN, CBI, VLA, etc. The document appears to be a weather map with various location markers and coordinates.


- page 9 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

SURFACE WEATHER
07 MAR 67 260°4/3030°
PLOTTER: AIG GOLTZ

The rest of the document appears to be a weather map with various location codes and coordinates marked with circles. There are several dashed lines and a grid-like structure. The map seems to cover a large geographical area with multiple reference points.


- page 10 -

1300 L 09 Mar 67. Surface temperatures in area are 50° F, showing a warm-
ing rise of about 30° since midnight. Surface winds are South Westerly at
12 gusting to 25 knots. Some scattered high clouds are in the area.

Winds Aloft
3000 feet           210°/35 kts
5000 feet           250°/50 kts
6000 feet           280°/35 kts
10000 feet          280°/40 kts

Radio increase with height
35000 feet          300°/55 kts
40000 feet          280°/85 kts
50000 feet          270°/80 kts


- page 11 -

Moline, Ill.
March 9, 1967

At about 1:30 p.m., March 9, 1967, the observer sighted an object he first thought was a Government helicopter. It appeared slightly U-shaped or pickle-shaped, but the observer could see no propellers.

The object was north of the observer at about a 45° angular elevation and first seen. It first went north and finally seemed to drift away to the northwest. The speed of the object did not appear constant, but seemed to slow down or hover several times. A second object was then seen to follow the same path, giving the same appearance and appearing to hover in the same places. The sighting lasted from approximately 1:30 p.m. to approximately 1:43 p.m. CST. The observer managed to photograph the object using an eight millimeter Kodak camera.

COMMENTS

Surface winds were northerly at 12 knots gusting to 24 knots. The description, duration and flight characteristics are similar to what of a balloon. The Gm. film failed to reveal any information that would dispute this evaluation.


- page 12 -

SURFACE WEATHER
09 MAR 1967 1800Z/1300C
PLOTTER: AIC 3012

Surface Temperature in Area 50°F. Surface
winds are 12G25 knots. Some
scattered high clouds in the area.
Wind drift in area:
3000 FT - 2600/40KTS
5000 FT - 2500/40KTS
8,000 FT - 2500/35KTS
10,000 FT - 2600/35KTS

The document appears to be a weather map with various meteorological notations and wind drift information for different altitudes, dated 09 March 1967.


- page 13 -

Midnight, 09 Mar 67. Temperatures in area in the lower 20's. Surface winds are Southerly, at 15 to 20 Knots. No significant cloudiness is in the area. Winds aloft are slowly increasing with height. At 3000 feet 220°/30 Kts, 5000 feet 210°/35 Kts, 8000 feet 270°/10 Kts, 10000 feet 290°/43 Kts.


- page 14 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

SURFACE WEATHER
09 MAR 1967 /0930Z/2000C
PLOTTER: AIC GOLE

The page is numbered "7" at the bottom center of the document.

The image appears to be a weather map or plotting chart with various location codes represented by circles and connected by dashed lines. The chart seems to cover a geographic area with multiple reference points and coordinates.


- page 15 -

Midnight, 10 May 67. Temperature in area lower 40's. Surface winds are Southerly, 8 - 12 Knots. No significant cloudiness in area.


- page 16 -

SURFACE WEATHER
10 MAR 1967 0600Z/0000C
PLOTTER: AIC GOLZ

Page number: 9

The rest of the text appears to be various location codes and coordinates on the map, which I will not transcribe in full. The document appears to be a surface weather map from March 10, 1967.


- page 17 -

Midnight 11 Mar 67. Temperatures in area 38 - 11° F. Surface winds are light and variable. High cirrus cloudiness.


- page 18 -

Text found in the document:

SURFACE WEATHER
11 MAR 1967 0600Z/0000C
PLOTTER: AIC GOLZ

11

The image appears to be a weather map with various location markers, coordinates, and a dashed line traversing the map. The map seems to cover a large geographical area with multiple reference points marked with letters and circles.


- page 19 -

B. Airports and aircraft movement.

1. Quad City Tower.
The Tower Chief was contacted and requested to question all of his tower operators for any sightings or unusual activities. He questioned his operators and later stated that there was no unusual activity. The movement of helicopters were also noted, however the times did not agree with the daylight sighting on the 9th of March at 1330 by Officer [illegible].

2. Mount Joy Tower.
The Tower Chief was contacted and requested to question all of his tower operators for any sighting or unusual activities. He questioned his operators and later stated that there was no unusual activities. There was a Iowa Air Guard helicopter operating from the airport on 9 March 1967.

3. Rock Island Arsenal.
A check was made with the security and transportation elements at the Rock Island Arsenal Headquarters. There were no air movements made. The arsenal has a heli-port, however it was not used on 9 March 1967.

4. Chicago ATC, Aurora, Illinois.
The Center was questioned about any unusual sightings or unexplainable radar returns. They reported none.

5. Joliet Radio FSS.

6. Burlington Radio FSS.
Both stations were questioned of unusual sightings or reports. They reported none.

7. ADC, 20th Air Division.
Relay through Chicago Center to ADC was made concerning unusual radar contacts. They reported none.

8. 1105th Air Transport Squadron, Iowa Air Guard.
The Air Guard had a CH-37B Helicopter, 71657, on a combined test [remainder of text is cut off]


- page 20 -

B. Airports and aircraft movement.

1. Quad City Tower.
The Tower Chief was contacted and requested to question all of his tower operators for any sightings or unusual activities. He questioned his operators and later stated that there was no unusual activity. The movement of helicopters were also noted, however the times did not coincide with the daylight sighting on the 9th of March at 1330 by Officer.

2. Mount Joy Tower.
The Tower Chief was contacted and requested to question all of his tower operators for any sightings or unusual activities. He questioned his operators and later stated that there was no unusual activities. These were at Iowa City Air Guard helicopter operating from the airport on 9 March 1967.

3. Rock Island Arsenal.
A check was made with the security and transportation elements at the Rock Island Arsenal Headquarters. There were no air movements made. The arsenal has a heli-copter, however it was not used on 9 March 1967.

4. Chicago ARTC, Aurora, Illinois.
The Center was questioned about any unusual sightings or unexplainable returns. They reported none.

5. Joliet Radio FSS.

6. Burlington Radio FSS.
Both stations were questioned of unusual sightings or reports. They reported none.

7. ADC, 20th Air Division.
Relay through Chicago Center to ADC was made concerning unusual radar contacts. They reported none.

8. 1105th Air Transport Squadron, Iowa Air Guard.
The Air Guard had a CH-3B Helicopter, 71657 on a combined test flight and aerial photo mission. The route of flight was first in the local area and then to Thompson, Illinois. The craft returned direct to local area. The altitude varied between 1500 to 2000 feet MSL. Some 80 miles south of the 1105th Ramp at 1100 and landed at 1250 hours CST. The aircraft is OD in color. Both the pilot and co-pilot were questioned by phone. The complete statement is attached. (Attached).

9. Illinois Army Guard at Quad City.
Colonel Beadle from the Illinois Army Guard stated he had no air traffic on the 9th of March.

10. Quad City Airport Manager.
The services of the airport were checked for the possibility of servicing a helicopter on any of the times sightings were made. There were none.

12 (page number)


- page 21 -

11. Galesburg Airport Manager.
The services of the airport were checked for the possibility of servicing a helicopter prior or after any sightings. There were none.

12. State Police Helicopters.
The police advised they do not operate helicopters.

13. Private owned helicopters.
A check of all known Rotor Craft in the area involved the following:
A FAA aircraft number 2222 U flew in Davenport area on the 7th of March, 1967 at 1200 to 1300 CST. Also flew on the 8th of March in the East Moline area, 1130 to 1300 CST. Then to West Chicago at 1500 CST. The aircraft did not fly on 9 March 1967.

p. Journal Star, Peoria, Illinois - They have a Hughes "300". It did not fly on the 9th of March 1967. On the 7th and 8th it flew to Waukegan from home base of Peoria. It also flew locally in the Peoria area on the 8th of March.

c. Abingdon, Illinois - A helicopter operated by [redacted] was not flown in March.

D. Melty Leasing Company, Cedar Rapids - Did not operate in Moline, Davenport, Rock-Island area. Had one flight to Hanson, Iowa which is West of Cedar Rapids.

E. Unable to contact owner or operator of Brantly Helicopter in Astoria, Illinois.


- page 22 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

L25: VEC sighting of
9 MAR 67
13:30 CST Green
Moline, Ill.

on 9 MAR 67 between 13:30 and 14:00 hrs CST winds were from the south at 12-14 knts gusting to 24 knts. (See pg 1 and U3 weather Bureau, Moline, Ill.) ALSO see pg 5&R.USE

Above specimen station model to interpret.

stated that he was looking north when he first sighted the object, and that it traveled north-westerly. (See in pg 5). He also stated that from time to time, it appeared to have stopped completely - just hung there, and then it would move again." (See Pt IV pg 3). Since the object did not pass overhead but was seen only in the northern sky, exact direction as toward would be very difficult for the observer to determine. But since the object (see also Pt IV takes near) appears to move roughly in a relatively directional sense, the winds were almost due north. Since the object moved somewhat critically, and since the winds were going at some quite rich, that the observer was looking at a balloon, it cannot be. Rept Hgt pin balloon.

The document also contains a weather station model diagram in the top right corner of the page.


- page 23 -

PART IV

INTERVIEWS OF PERSONNEL AND REPORT FORMATS


- page 24 -

INTERVIEWS OF PERSONNEL

Name                                   Date/Time of Sighting - CST

1.                                     6 March/0425
2.                                     8 March/1130 - 1135
3.                                     8 March/0715 - 1000 (Phone Interview)
4.                                     9 March/0015 - 0130 (Phone Interview)
5.                                     9 March/1330
6.                                     9 March/1330
7.                                     9 March/1330 (Phone Interview)
8.                                     9 March/1100
9.                                     10 March/1130
10.                                    11 March/0030 (Phone Interview)


- page 25 -

William P. Fisher Sr. - Traffic Policeman, Moline, Illinois

Patrolman [name redacted] was contacted while on duty. The interview was conducted following the film presentation at the Moline City Police Station. He taped his statement and made a drawing of what he saw. The taped interview follows: (See attached statement, taped.)


- page 26 -

STATEMENT

CAPT KATO: My name is Captain Kato, conducting an interview on the sighting of a UFO. This is Mr. _______, an officer in the Moline Police Department. Would you kindly state what you saw in your own words, please.

MR. _______: On the afternoon of March 9th, 1967, at approximately 1:30 p.m., I was at the Sacred Heart School, where my children, attending, in hopes to see one of my children, my oldest boy, and to deliver a message. I had entered the school and returned and was on my motorcycle headed south. I made a "U" turn on 14th Street and went north about thirty or forty feet where I came to a stop sign where I realized I was stopped. At this time I glanced upward above the treetops and viewed an object that I was not sure of its description or identification. I pulled up into the Coleman Hart Hill parking lot-this is the building that is directly by Sacred Heart Church, it is called Coleman Service Halls. I pulled into their parking lot and I got off my motorcycle and observed the vehicle, or craft, or object again. My first belief was that it was a large United States government helicopter. The reason I believed this was because of the slightly "U" shaped-like a pickle. I thought of, with a large rise on each end, slowly making a slight "U" so that it curved on each end and then curved around the bottom and curved up at the top. I thought at each of the ends of these rises there was a large prop, I thought that's what should be. I didn't see a prop-I thought there should be one there. As the object-I first thought that the object was hovering, and I thought, well, not necessarily, it could be moving towards me or it could be moving away from me and this would give off the effect of hovering. So I watched it for probably-I would like to think it was about thirty seconds, but I think it was longer than that, probably a minute or a minute and a half. A very precious minute and a half, I think. The object then appeared quite certainly it was hovering. At this time I got out my eight millimeter Kodak movie camera. I was located in a film, Type A daytime outdoor film, and I used my telescopic lens and started photographing this object. I started photographing this object as it moved northeasterly-westerly, northwesterly away from. This was from my right to my left. The sun was at my back. The object then took on different dimensions as it moved away. It appeared to be elongated and not with the rise at either end. It appeared to be tipped with the side to my left, or to the west. Tipped downward towards the earth, My vision was probably about a thirty degree angle, I suppose, about straight in front of me and then very slightly starting to move a little bit to my left. The object was tipped about thirty degrees or---well, as the film reveals, whatever that angle would be. There about the way it tipped all the time. Now, before it faded away here, before it got completely obscure, I did have a definite sighting of a metallic, shiny surface on the side-it appeared to be the side or the end of it, the side that was the broad side to me, was metallic and appeared to be a same construction like some of our large aircraft. The large jets, a shiny silvery gray. And then there was an obviously circular area just outside the perimeter of this giving it a appearance of a perfect circle. It was a good long, just about like a potato, kind of long, but yet didn't end and narrowed towards the ends. As it moved northwesterly, it, from time to time, appeared to have stopped and however completely-just hung there, and then it would move again. And then finally it kept a pretty steady pace of a constant northwesterly move until it finally just disappeared from my view. Now at this time, several of the sixth and seventh grade classes of Sacred Heart School, and _______ and come out of the building and come up on the grounds. And my son hollered at me, and I beckoned him to come over and that I had a message for him, and he came over and I delivered the message, and in the meantime, he said a couple of times, what is it, what

3


- page 27 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

is that? And the kids hollered, what is it? And I said, why
don't you come back for a minute, what do you see. Some back and told me
what you see. And he said, I see a long shiny object, and he said, I gotta
go back, I gotta go, and so he goes back in. When I was aware that their
presence—they did not leave the grounds, they went probably a hundred feet
towards the schoolhouse, like they were gonna leave the grounds, and then
I was aware that they were comin' back. In the meantime, there was a woman
right beside me all the time in amazement, now what's that, what's that?
And she was goin' on, rattlin' on. And there was another lady, a State
Police—State Policeman's wife, was at the stop sign, and she watched
in somewhat amazed fashion. I believe she occasionally hollered at me, and
I tried not to be rude, but I didn't want to take my eye off the thing, and
I kept shooting so I didn't say much to her, but afterwards she said, I don't
know what it was, she said it looked shiny and reflected a white light,
or a shiny light from the something. And she thought it was somewhat long,
not necessarily a perpendicular object, but somewhat long. In the meantime,
now, these children had come back and I'm asking them and the other lady,
what do you think you saw, what do you think I saw? Do you think you saw
an unidentifiable craft? And everybody kinda shrugged, no, no. Did you see
wheels or wings or anything, no, no. So I said, well, that's that.

Starts to go over to my bike and then this young lady hollers, Mr.
Officer, or something, there's another one, and there's another one, and
she points right back to this tree where I had first seen the first one,
and it was not as close to me, probably a quarter of a mile, maybe—oh, that's
about right, about a quarter of a mile. Another north of me. But I had to
come back a little to get this shot over the tree, and it was about a quarter
of a mile. Another way and its give off—its was like this and it was pretty
glossy until it started moving away from the tree and then it took this
dipped thing and followed almost the same path—same pattern, same speed
and same height.

CAPT KATO: Now Officer _______ was there any lights or any colored objects
that you noticed on this sighting?

MR: No, no, I didn't see any objects protruding from the craft, or
hanging on to it, or no lights connected with it, or anything that I could
identify at all.

CAPT KATO: Now when you saw it silhouetted, or against a tree, as you said,
could you give us a rough comparison to its height in comparison to the tree?

MR: My ability to adjust, or to estimate height is not real well,
especially when it is hanging in the air. I thought it was real close; I
thought—three thousand feet around me. Now a Piper Cub has to fly over our city?
other words, what's the height a Piper Cub has to fly over our city?

CAPT KATO: This is undetermined... What they have to to fly?

MR: Have to.

CAPT KATO: I believe it's a thousand feet or twenty-five hundred or something
like that. One question... did this object make any sound whatsoever? Was
there any sound heard?

MR: No, I heard no sound. I believe I left my motorcycle engine idling,
and I was standing quite close to that. The other lady there heard a hissing
or whirring sound. I never heard no sound.

CAPT KATO: Okay, thank you very much.

2
4


- page 28 -

The format contained in AFR 80-17, paragraphs 11 and 12 is completed as follows:

Report from Patrolman
A. Description of the object.
   (1) The object appeared as an upturned pickle, slightly concave.
   (2) It appeared to be longer than a Piper Cub.
   (3) At first it was dark and shadowy.
   (4) One at first, followed by a second one, identical to the first, three minutes later.
   (5) None.
   (6) Nothing distinguishable, however almost saw something.
   (7) None.
   (8) None emitted.
   (9) It seemed to rock forward as it moved to the north west.

B. Description of course of object.
   (1) Interest and natural habit of looking around caused sighting.
   (2) Approximately 60 degrees high and due North.
   (3) Gradually lost sight as it moved north west.

C. Manner of observation.
   (1) The object initially sighted by naked eye and then through a camera view finder.

D. 
   (1) 1930Z to 1345? 9 March 1967
   1330L to 1345 9 March 1967
   (2) Mid-day, very slight overcast, otherwise bright and clear.

E. Standing on the Southeast corner of 16th Avenue and 14th Street, Moline, Ill 309 201 North and 309 321 West.

F. Identifying information on observer:
   (1) [Redacted] age 32, Moline, Illinois, Traffic Police Officer, 10 years in position, 2 years of High School.

G. Weather and winds aloft.
   (1) Clear and bright
   (2) Winds generally WSW at 30 Knots and above.
   (3) High, very thin, scattered.
   (4) Beyond 15 MI

5


- page 29 -

(5) Very thin high cirrus.
(6) None.
(7) Normal, no inversion.

II. Unusual activity - loss of radio communication after experience.
I. None.
J. None. See investigating officers summary.
K. See investigative officers summary.

Photographic Evidence
Motion Pictures - 8mm movie films made of the sighting. A copy is to be made for the U. S. Air Force by one of the major radio-television networks. The film was taken on an 8mm Honeywell movie camera, Holiday 11, telephoto lens, F 16 setting, type A outdoor color film, type A filter: The view finder reduces the area about 5 times. The camera was hand-held and continually sighted on the objects. Therefore no flight movement or direction is apparent.

In addition to the film, the drawing of the objects made by Patrolman attached.

6


- page 30 -

DRAWINGS
RETRACED
BY

CAPT. E.J. ORENIC
7

The image contains several hand-drawn sketches of what appear to be UFO or unidentified flying object shapes, including elongated oval and cylindrical forms with various details like ridges, loops, and protrusions. The drawings are simple line sketches in black ink on a white background.


- page 31 -

CAPT.Edw. Osenic
- CAPT. R. Kato
Chanute AFB

Sirs:

I am writing you in regards to UFO sighting and subsequent investigation of same.
Other information concerning the object itself came to my mind and I thought it pertinent enough to bring it to your attention.

I described the surface of the object to be shiney and of a metallic material, but I did want to tell you that the surface, although smooth, appeared to have an orange peel effect. I will try to illustrate with a sketch below.

Furthermore, I asked the radio repairman what he detected to be malfunctioning in my Police radio. The repairman informed me my antenna had come loose from its connection and was the cause for my receiver not picking up my base station.

The lady that was with me for almost the entire duration of my sighting has made her identity available to me and I am relaying it to you.

Mrs. [redacted]

I think this woman might not relate the sighting in the same detail that I did, but I am sure you men are prepared to evaluate her information in comparison to what I related to you.

Thank You for your co-operation. I am sincerely

Moline, Ill. 61265

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page are partially illegible]


- page 32 -

Deputy Sheriff, Knox County

was contacted while on duty and the interview was made at his office. He taped his statement and gave us a drawing of what he saw. The statement he made on tape is as follows: (See attached statement.)

9


- page 33 -

Memo for the Record: 9 March 67

2. Contact with Mrs [blacked out] University of Colorado, Boulder, Colorado revealed that the UC group had called out to Galesburg, Ill trying to obtain information on the recent sightings there. She did not know how they could have been mistaken for a Gov. Agency, if they were.

1. Capt Orenic, Chanute AFB, Ill requested information on who could the Gov agency could be that contacted the deputy sheriff of Galesburg, Ill.

3. Capt Orenic called Major Quintanilla 9 March 67 to report that Dr Hynek had called the people in Galesburg, Ill. The witnesses had thought that Dr. Hynek was the Gov. Agency.


- page 34 -

STATEMENT

MR. [redacted]: I proceeded west from Wataga on the blacktop, blacktop road that runs Henderson to Wataga. As I pulled up on the overpass that runs over the top of the new Interstate that goes north... I stop on top of the overpass frequently in my patrol. I generally look around the area. And as I looked back to the southeast, I saw this bright more or less object in the southeast sky.

I looked away from it. My first thought was it was a falling star. As I looked away from the object for a few seconds, I turned back towards the object, object was proceeding to ride almost at a falling star. So it looked like it was headed directly for the squad car. I at first thought about gettin' out of there, and then I thought, well, I might as well see what it is. So, I have binoculars that I carry with me, I got the binoculars out and by the time I started outside the squad car, the object was almost directly overhead. I put my binoculars on the object and I watched it as it went directly overhead at a speed that I would estimate at about 250 to 300 miles an hour. The bottom part of this object had a rim around it about five to six feet thick. This rim was spinning at a terrific rate of speed. However, the bottom part or the object appeared to have vents in it, small narrow vents. At this terrific speed, the vents were still apparent and obvious, I mean, you could see them. The object as it went over the top of the squad car, a little bit — a few seconds afterward, or just a matter of a second or so — I had the headlights on on the squad car, however, the car was turned off, the noise that emitted from the object — the best way I can describe it was a kind of a hissing noise like air escaping from a tire only much louder naturally. As the object went over the car, it seemed to be the right speed to dip, I mean it was obvious, however, it wasn't erratic, it was just a minute dip. The object proceeded northwest. I followed the object with the binoculars. I would say maybe a minute. Two minutes or three minutes, it could have been as high as three minutes, after the object went over the car and then was in a northwest direction, there was a white beam of light came from the object. I would say in an eastination as to about three feet from either side, the beam then, the rest of the beam would be — or the beam would be as wide as that. If you come in three feet from either side of this object. The beam went directly to the ground; however, there were no things on the ground like things being on the ground. I did not see the beam strike the ground, but I could see the trees very clearly. The trees were clearly outlined. In other words, the object, when the beam went off towards the ground, the trees and things were silhouetted, you could see them very clearly like maybe a flash going off behind an object and you being on the opposite side.

The object proceeded on to the northwest, gradually disappeared on the horizon. Now as to the description that I might give of this object, the bottom part of the object, in other words the rim that I referred to, had kind of a pulsating red glow. Now the glow was erratic. It was not — didn't seem to be timed like one second glow, one second glow, there might have been a couple of seconds glaze and then maybe one second glaze, but this would pulsate. There was no definite pattern to the pulsating. Now, the top of the ship, or this object, I mean as far as I could make out, was kind of a whitish crystalline looking, I mean it — it was a kind of a crystalline object. Whatever it was. There was an inverted bubble, an inverted bubble looked like it was in the top of the object; however, this appeared on the side, I mean it wasn't visible from the side, or this object, whatever it was. As to the height of this object, I would estimate at between 250 - 300 miles an hour. In referring to the white ray that emitted from the object, it looked more or less to me — the best way I can describe it, it looked like a survey. I mean I have seen this survey through the clouds and things, only it was quite a bit brighter. I mean at wasn't hazy, it was a direct, clear white, there was no haze to it or anything. Now, I have been flying, for about three years and I am qualified to fly about five different planes. I have ridden in helicopters, I have ridden in large planes and small planes. This was definitely not an airplane as I know an airplane. It was not an airplane it was not a helicopter; it was also not any kind of a balloon or weather balloon or anything to that effect. This object, as far as I could

10


- page 35 -

observe, had no fins, no rudder and no wing protrusion, no wing protrusion
on this object at all. As this object went from the southeast to the northwest,
in my observation of it, there was no deviation whatsoever. This object went
in a direct straight line, a direct straight line. My own view on the idea is
that this object was definitely operated by some being. It's something. It
remotely controlled operated, this I would not say, however, in my estimation of
a remote control operated, object or vehicle has a tendency to vary a little.
This object did not vary, this object had a definite straight line that it
stayed on, there was no variation to the right or variation to the left. This
report is made by myself. My name is [redacted]. I'm a Knox County
Deputy Sheriff, Galesburg, Illinois.


- page 36 -

The format contained in AFR 80-17, paragraph 11 is completed as follows:

A.
1. Saucer Shape.
2. 30' dia HT 15' Bubble 4' down.
3. Blue haze surrounded, white crystalline top surface, hot metal
4. 1.
5. No.
6. See attached.
7. None.
8. Missing (load)
9. See attached.

B.
1. Shooting star appearance.
2. Elevation across horizon.
3. Slowly over horizon.
4. Steady, no deviation.
5. Straight ahead.
6. 0425 L CST 11 minutes length.

C. Ground to Air.
1 Binoculr 8.50 X 50.

D. 0425 L CST 6 March 1967 dark, 1025Z 6 March 1967.
E. 1 mile East Henderson on Wataga Road.

F.
1. Deputy
2. 39.
3. [Illegible]
4. Deputy Sheriff.
5. 11 grade.
6. See investigating officers summary.

12


- page 37 -

Here is the text from the document:

G.

1. Clear - cold - 5 - 10 mph out of East - temperature 23 - visibility unlimited.

H. Radio trouble, radios cut in and out.

I. ADC - None.

J.
    Pilot - Student.
    Army - 4 to 5 months, medical discharge.
    Interview with [redacted] 4:25 A.M.
    6 March 1967 sighting.

Object appeared out of Southeast as a bright light. Caught eye be-
cause of upward rise of flight. Took a double take, saw object. Approach-
ing. Reached into back seat, got out field glasses. Stared. Observed
with field glasses. Object approached nearer. Shut off car motors, got
outside. Watched object for nearer. As object passed overhead, a sound
similar to air leaving a tire was prevalent. The object was shaped as
drawn:

SIDE VIEW
[diagram of an inverted bubble-shaped object with blue haze, white center, and red glowing pulsating and revolving section]

BOTTOM VIEW
[diagram of a circular object with blue haze, slots or stems, and red glow over entire bottom]

13


- page 38 -

Catholic Nun, Sacred Heart School, [redacted]

Sister [redacted] was contacted at her quarters on the 10th of March at 2100 hours. An interview was conducted and the following statement was given:

Around 1330 to 1345, possibly at 1335, I had a brief sighting of an object. This sighting lasted about 5 seconds. It was near 60 degrees high and appeared in the west. It could have been over the Illinois river. No sound was emitted. The object appeared as a silver silver of light.

Seconds later, I sighted what I thought were three jets directly overhead. I saw vapor trails of the jets. One appeared to be going east and the other two going west. I would say the object was at the same altitude as the jets.


- page 39 -

Deputy Sheriff Henry County.

The following interview and statement was made in office. His statement was taped as follows: (See attached statement.)


- page 40 -

STATEMENT

CAPT KATO: My name is Captain Kato and I'm performing a interview with Deputy Sheriff Powell.

MAN: This is Deputy Sheriff Henry County. On the night of March 8th, on the way to work, I observed some - an object in the sky, first brought to my attention by the unusual lights, the arrangements of the lights. I watched them and stopped the car and observed for about five minutes an object in the sky with, what I thought was incorrect marking. This object had a white light which I thought was the rear, which a red light was on the right, which, to my knowledge, would be incorrect, and a green light on the left. This object was moving in a east to west direction however, it would seem to stop and hover for a period of time. At times there would be a rather high, bright red intense light come on, sometimes for a few seconds, and sometimes as long as thirty seconds. This light would come on so bright that the other marker lights would not be visible, then it would go off and move along.

I cited this object with stars and felt that something was unusual after observing the object from the junction of 81 and 82, I proceeded towards Cambridge continuously watching this object as it moved in a westerly direction. As I neared Cambridge, it seemed that the object started a southerly course heading towards the direction of Woodhull, Alpha and possibly then on towards Knox County. I would estimate the distance from me to somewhere in the neighborhood of eight miles. The object was low on the horizon, and I would estimate this to be approximately a thousand to fifteen hundred feet. My experience as a pilot has been a private license. I am not licensed at the present however the license expired a year and a half ago. I've had quite a number of hours in the air as a private pilot.


- page 41 -

The format contained in AFR 80-17 is completed as follows:

Basic report from [redacted]

A.
(1) Unknown (triangle shape of marker lights).
(2) About size of large aircraft.
(3) Undetermined.
(4) One.
(5) N/A
(6) Red, white, green and hi-intensity red.
(7) No trail exhaust etc.
(8) Unknown.
(9) None.

B.
(1) Lights.
(2) 35° elevation, 135° Southeast - 185°
(3) 225° at distance
(4) Steady to the Southwest.
(5) Below horizon gradually.
(6) 1130 - 1137

C.
(1) Straight.
(2) None.
(3) N/A

D. 1130 - 1137 L 8 March 1967. 7 minutes

E. East Junction Route 81 and 82. 1 mile East Ganesburg.

F. [redacted] age 46, in [redacted] Michigan State - 1948. In U. S. Navy - 4 months. Director of Civil Defense Roster Spotter.

G. Clear sky, visibility good, wind unknown, cool temperature.

H. Normal nocturnal temperature inversion.

[redacted] Quick recall interview - 1130 - 1135 Wednesday night 8 March 1967.

Down Route 82, up on Hill.
Looking to S. E.
Saw what appeared to be aircraft, red white and green.
Lights were in pattern traveling East to West.

17


- page 42 -

Object did not appear to move.
Bright red (hi-intensity) light came on. On for few to 30 seconds.
Obliterated other lights.
Observed for 5 minutes, slowly moved west.
Low on Horizon.
Size not apparent.
Probably 8 miles away.
1000' to 1500 feet altitude.
Clear weather, stars bright.

WHITE
GREEN

FLIGHT
DIRECTION

RED

HIGH INTENSITY
RED LIGHT THAT
APPEARED IN THE
CENTER AND OBSCURED
ALL OTHER LIGHTS

18


- page 43 -

Catholic Nun, Sacred Heart School, Sist[er]

Sister [name redacted] was contacted at her quarters on the 10th of March at 2100 hours. An interview was conducted and the following statement was given:

At 1405 on the 9th of March, I saw three jets and a pink object in formation. I first saw the jet contrails and then spotted the jets. They appeared to be directly overhead. I don't remember the direction but I'd guess they were about 15,000 feet high. The pink object remained in formation. I left the school ground and entered the school.


- page 44 -

TITLE PAGE

UFO INVESTIGATION

CONDUCTED BY:
Captain Edward J. Crenic
Captain Anton R. Kato


- page 45 -

Catholic Nun, Sacred Heart School, Sister

Sister [redacted] was contacted at her quarters on the 10th of March at 2115 hours. An interview was conducted and the following statement was given.

At 1130 hours on the 10th of March, I observed an object above the tree tops across from the school yard. At first the object appeared to be square but it seemed to change its shape as it moved eastward. I observed it for five minutes and as it was viewed through the trees, it appeared as a bright yellow-elongated object. It seemed to hover. I watched it for a total of 5 minutes. [redacted] a teacher in the school, was with me and made the same observation as I did.


- page 46 -

The following telephone interviews were made:

The interview is presented in the form given in AFR 80-17, although the witness gave the information in her own words that did not follow the format.

A.
1. Disk or saucer shape.
2. Four feet in diameter.
3. Red then yellow then pale blue.
4. (1) one.
5. N/A
6. Antenna on top, holes toward top.
7. Gas stream down 45°.
8. Started as jet noise, then hissing sound that ended with big bang.

B.
1. Mother called on phone and said it was headed her way (cue west).
2. Angle of elevation - overhead to horizon, estimated at 3500 to 5000 ft. Azimuth - cue west.
3. Horizon.
4. Stop and go (slow)
5. Faded into horizon.
6. 01h52 9 March to 01h00z 9 March 1967, 1945 to 1000 CST.

C.
1. Observed ground to air.
2. Binoculars, power not known.

D. 9 March 1967, 01h52 to 01h00z dark.
E. Back yard of residence.
F.
1. [Redacted]
2. Age 44, husband 47.
3. [Redacted]

21


- page 47 -

4. Occupation - Housewife.
5. High School graduate.

C.
1. Clear.
2. See attached weather flimsy.
   A. Ceiling - none.
   B. Visibility unlimited.
   C. None.
   D. None.
   E. Standard.
   H. None.
   I. None.
   J. None.


- page 48 -

792-8375

The interview is presented in the form given in AFR 80-17, although the witness gave the information in her own words that did not follow the format.

A.
1. Oversized star.
2. Three times the size of largest star.
3. Bright yellow with light blue escont with red on side.
4. Two.
5. Yes.
6. None.
7. None.
8. None.
9. None.

B.
1. Undetermined.
2. 40° up toward South East.
3. Disappeared in fog.
4. Pack and forth, Southeast to Northwest.
5. Fog.
6. 11 March 1967, 0630Z.

C. Ground to air.

D. 11 March 1967, 0630Z

E. Back yard.

F.
1. (Redacted) age unknown.
2. Age - not determined.
3. (Redacted) Illinois.
4. Housewife.
5. Undetermined.
6. Undetermined.

23


- page 49 -

C.
1. Clear until fog.
2. See weather flimsy.
   A. Ceiling - None.
   B. Visibility 0 in patchy fog.
   C. None.
   D. None.
   E. Undetermined.
H. None.
I. None.
J. Undetermined.


- page 50 -

Moline, Illinois

The following interview was made with Mr [redacted] It was with Office [redacted] but had to leave town due to a family illness. Passed on what his wife had told him.

A.
1. Elongated and parallel to earth.
2. Undetermined.
3. White or silver.
4. 1 one.
5. No
6. None, not a plane, no wings.
7. None.
8. None.
9. None

B.
1. Undetermined.
2. 60 to 70° up azimuth unknown.
3. Got smaller.
4. Undetermined.
5. Disappeared.
6. 1930Z, 3 to 5 minutes.

C.
1. Sound to air.
2. No aids.

D. 1930Z, 9 March 1967 (day), 1330L CST.

E. Southeast corner of 16th Avenue and 14th Street, Northwest Moline
41° 30' North, 90° 32' West.

F.
1. [redacted]
2. Age undetermined.
3. [redacted]

25


- page 51 -

4. Housewife.
5. Undetermined.
6. Reliable.

G.
1. Clear and bright.
2. West-Southwest, 30 Knots and above (See attached weather filmsy).
   A. High then scattered.
   B. Visibility +15.
   C. High thin cirrus.
   D. No thunderstorm.
   E. Standard gradient.

H. None.
I. None.
J. None.


- page 52 -

The interview is presented in the form given in AFR 80-17 paragraph

11.
A.
    (1) Circular.
    (2) Same or smaller than a star.
    (3) Bright like a mercury vapor lamp.
    (4) One.
    (5) None.
    (6) None.
    (7) None.
    (8) No sound noted.
    (9) None.

B.
    (1) First called by [redacted]
    (2) 30° to 35° angle.
    (3) 20 to 25° angle when I left.
    (4) Steady slowly to the west.
    (5) Gradually to the west below the horizon.
    (6) 45 minutes.

C.
    (1) Naked eye and through Frank Coursons binoculars, size 850 or [rest illegible]

D.
    (1) 0652 to 0730; 9 March 1967
        0041 to 0130; 9 March 1967
    (2) Night.

E. Corner of Route's 10 and 150.
    14° 01' North 90° 22' West

F. [redacted] City Jail.

G.
    (1) Cool, clear night, no wind.
    (2) See weather filmy.

27


- page 53 -

(3) None.
(4) Unlimited.
(5) None.
(6) None.
(7) Undetermined.

H. None.
I. None.
J. None.
K. See Investigating Officers Summary.


- page 54 -

PART V

SUPPORTING EVIDENCE AND MAPS AND CHARTS


- page 55 -

UFO REPORT
INDEX

REASON FOR INVESTIGATION                      PART I
ITINERARY OF INVESTIGATION                    PART II
AREAS OF INVESTIGATION                        PART III
INTERVIEWS OF PERSONNEL AND REPORT FORMATS    PART IV
SUPPORTING EVIDENCE AND MAPS AND CHARTS       PART V
COMMENTS OF INVESTIGATING OFFICERS            PART VI


- page 56 -

PART V
INDEX

1. ILLINOIS STATE ROAD MAP
2. AERONAUTICAL MAP OF AREA
3. CITY MAP OF MOLINE
4. STATEMENT AND MAP OF IOWA
5. U. S. NEWS AND WORLD REPORT EXTRACT
6. THERMOFAX FROM NATIONAL MAGAZINE
7. NEWS RELEASES 10 THRU 14
8. POLICE REPORT ON KITE
9. SEE ACCOMPANIED PACKAGE CONTAINING PLASTIC BAG BALLOONS AND MAGNETIC TAPE RECORDINGS
10. SEE ACCOMPANIED PACKAGE CONTAINING RED PLASTIC KITE


- page 57 -

LOCATION OF SIGHTINGS AND PHYSICAL EVIDENCE

1. Sighting
2. Sighting
3. Location of First Balloon
4. Location of Sighting
5. Location of Second Balloon

One inch equals approximately 12 miles

2

(Note: The image is a map of Illinois showing various cities and locations, with several circular areas marked, and a scale indicating that one inch on the map equals approximately 12 miles.)


- page 58 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Standard Broadcasting station
Isogonic line (magnetic variation 1960) - 3°E
Obstruction (elevation of top above sea level)
Prominent transmission line
Restricted Area
State Park

[At the bottom of the page, numbered items are mostly blacked out, but I can read:]

1. Sighting
2. Sighting
3. Sighting
4. Location of First Balloon
5. Location of Second Balloon

The document appears to be a map of an area in Illinois, with various towns, roads, and locations marked. There is a scale showing 20 10 STATUTE MILES 0, and the page is numbered "3" at the bottom right.


- page 59 -

This image appears to be a detailed city map or street grid, likely of Galesburg or Moline, Illinois. The map shows a complex network of streets, blocks, and what seem to be city boundaries. There is a compass rose in the bottom left corner indicating cardinal directions. The map is in black and white, with streets and block outlines drawn in black lines on a white background. Some areas are numbered (1, 2, 3, 4) and there are curved and straight street layouts. The top right of the map shows "MISS" which likely indicates the Mississippi River or a Mississippi-related boundary. The map appears to be a technical or municipal planning document.


- page 60 -

SUBJECT: Flight of CH -37B Helicopter

On 9 March 1967, Captain Robt. C. Cummings and CW3 Henry S. Luchner, 1105th Trans. Co. ( Med Hel ) Iowa ARNG, Davenport Iowa, flew CH-37B 71657 on a combined test flight and aerial photo trip. We started flying in the Davenport local traffic pattern and later flew direct to the vicinity of Thompson Ill for the Corps of Engrs Aerial photos. Upon completing the photos we returned to the Dam and returned direct to Davenport Airport and landed straight-in on runway 20. Our altitude varied between 1500' to 2000' at MSL enroute and below 1000' in the photo area. At no time were we south of Interstate Highway #80. We departed the 1105th ramp at 1100 hrs and returned at 1250 hrs

/s/ HENRY S. LUCHNER
CW3 IOA ARNG


- page 61 -

This image is a map of a region in Illinois, showing various cities, towns, and roads. The map includes locations such as Galesburg, Monmouth, Davenport, Rock Island, Moline, and many other smaller towns. The map appears to be part of a document, with the number "6" printed at the bottom of the page. The map is in black and white and contains numerous grid lines, road networks, and location markers.


- page 62 -

MARCH OF THE NEWS
CONTINUED

NEW LIGHT ON "FLYING SAUCERS"

[Image of a glowing disc-shaped object]
"Flying object" made in a laboratory—a mass of glowing gas.

WASHINGTON — Several scientists, working at a privately financed laboratory near Washington, think they may have a new answer to the old mystery of "flying saucers."

If their theory is correct, the unidentified flying objects, or UFOs, are finally pinned down as a particular kind of freshly created phenomenon of spaceship from another planet.

The scientists' explanation has been based on laboratory experiments of liquefying ammonia vapor with a high-voltage spark.

Saucer with windows: The result is a mass of glowing gas that quickly assumes the shape associated with UFOs—a disk-shaped object with an invariable outline and sometimes the appearance of tiny windows around the rim.

The laboratory model pictured here is only an inch or so in diameter. But it does things associated with successful UFO sightings—darting about, hovering in one spot for several minutes, sometimes darting about erratically, then being tracked by radar, and picked up a "blip" on radar performance nearly, says Dr. Robert S. Powell, who heads the small group of scientists experimenting with "the thing" at Melpar, Inc. in Falls Church, Va.

Spark from lightning? The gases involved in creating an artificial "saucer," Dr. Powell points out, are similar to those sometimes found in nature—often given off from newly fertilized fields or from swamps. The spark needed to touch it off, he adds, could be produced by lightning or a power line.

Other scientists have been able to produce in a laboratory objects that resemble the saucers. Their techniques, however, have required a "constant energy input to sustain the effect," while in the ammonia-gas experiments the only energy input is the initial discharge spark, Dr. Powell explains. Full-scale experiments in the open atmosphere are possible now, he believes, but this might be difficult at the present stage of work with gases.

U.S. NEWS & WORLD REPORT, March 20, 1967

Page 7


- page 63 -

A California highway patrolman reported on
Dec. 3, 1966, the sighting of a "flying saucer"
with stars. He said there appeared to be someone
inside wearing a crash helmet although the object
was only "about the size of a hot water heater."

Four days later, Jon Barnard, a high school
junior in Belmont, Calif., gave this recipe for
flying saucers:

"You take one plastic bag, and by choosing forms
to protect clothes. Then you plug the coat hanger
end at the top. Get a bunch of plastic straws
from a soda fountain. You use them as struts to
hold the bag open.

"A circular structure of the straws, inserted end
to end, provides a platform for birthday candles.

"Now you light the candles, holding the top of the
bag until hot air fills it. Then you let it go, and
away flies your hot air balloon, giving off a gentle
glow from the candles."

Jon said he sent up 30 on the evening of Dec. 3.
Says his father: "There won't be any more."


- page 64 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UFO Riddle Solved?
Find Balloon

Reports Mounting
Eye Officer's Film

A solution to the mystery of
the flying saucer sightings in
the Quad-City area may have
been found today near the
Monmouth, Ill., waste disposal plant.

Robert Merwin, superintendent of the disposal plant in
the city located 60 miles south
of the Quad-Cities, reported a
floating object made of a clear
plastic bag, soda straws and
a candle.

He said he found the object
hanging in a bush on the north
side of Monmouth and leading
to the plant.

Reports of unidentified
flying objects have ranged
from the Quad-Cities to Peoria in the past two days.

Guard Together
The straws were glued together
and held the bag open. It was
believed that the candle provided heat to propel the object and also gave it a soft,
glowing light. The plastic
bag was held together tightly
by dry cleaners.

Ralph Eckley, city editor of
the Monmouth Review Atlas,
said recent magazines on
newsstands in Monmouth have
given descriptions of how
such objects are made by a
student's elsewhere.

Eckley noted that there are
more than 1,000 students at
Monmouth College and a similar number at Knox College
in Galesburg.

One of the latest in the
Quad-Cities to report "a

strange object in the air" was
Bill Fisher, a Moline police
man. Fisher said he was
cruising in a patrol car near
Sacred Heart parochial school
at the time. He quickly aimed
a movie camera, and filmed
the object.

At about the same time a
man rushed into the Silvis police station with a report he
had seen a light aircraft go
down at Friendly Farms,
south of Carbon Cliff and between Black Hawk Road and
the Rock River. Rock Island
County sheriff's authorities investigated but found nothing.

They coupled the report with
UFO sightings.

Mrs. Leo Schmitz of 1447
25th Ave., Moline, described
a white object as "round",
white
and
northwesterly.

Similar sightings were reported throughout the area.

Another theory advanced
before the report from Monmouth was that the strange
object was a helicopter. A
check showed an Iowa National Guard "copter was in the
air Thursday but only during
daylight hours.

The investigation by the
Quad-Cities later today to
view Fisher's movies.

Meanwhile a Northwest
University astronomer associated with the Air Force UFO
investigation speculated that

(Continued on Page 5)

While some looked and others talked about Unidentified Flying Objects, Moline Policeman Bill Fisher aimed his 8 mm movie camera at what he described as an "elongated shape."

9


- page 65 -

Here is the text from the document:

"It Hung
In The Air"

what everybody is seeing
might be merely the planet
Venus.

Venus is the brightest
thing in the western sky as
dusk deepens at this time of
the year," said William T.
Powers, assistant to Dr. J. Allen Hynek, astronomy professor connected with the Air
Force investigation.

Powers said a careful observer can see Venus move
and may therefore think it's a
UFO.

At Augustana
Cary Bennett, 20, Colona, a
sophomore at Augustana College, reported seeing an unidentified flying object about 9:30 p.m. in the East
Moline hill district near Second Street as he as headed
for his home.

"It appeared hanging in the
air, and it had two bright
white lights at one end and
two red lights at the opposite
end," Bennett said.

The student said it appeared as though the object
was at an altitude of 1,000
feet, but he couldn't determine a shape because of the
darkness and heard no sound.

In Southern Illinois
Several mysterious objects
were reported in Southern Illinois.

Arthur Sills notified the sheriff's office at Salem he
had observed a diamond-shaped object coming down the
road near their home northeast of Salem.

Sills said the diamond-
shaped object, traveling 15 to
20 feet in the air, kept changing from bright red to white.
It suddenly shot upward and
vanished.

John Xonhurst and his wife,
Faye, who live on a lake northeast of Centralia, said they
observed a bright, vibrating
object in the eastern sky
Wednesday night.

By Greg Beaumont
Jimmie Scott, 12, looks out a window at his home in
Buffalo as he relates to newsmen how he saw what
appeared to be an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) early
Thursday morning, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Gerald Scott,
said he got up about 2 a.m. to get a drink of water and
noticed the bright object in the sky. He drew a picture of
the object as it appeared to him.

Page number: 10


- page 66 -

PART I

REASON FOR INVESTIGATION


- page 67 -

Here is the text from the document:

MOLINE DAILY DISPATCH

Friday, Ill. - The Town Equipment Pl

Who wants to argue with these young UFO spotters? The sixth and seventh graders of Sacred Heart Catholic School were on the playground yesterday when they spotted the mysterious object in the sky - and they have a policeman to back their story. (Dispatch Photo)

who was cruising in the area. Sister Mary Mark, who was monitoring the grounds, however, would not put the religious order on the spot. She would not say that she saw the object, but she didn't say she did not see it. (Dispatch Photo)

The page number "11" is also visible at the bottom of the page.

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a group of children/students, seemingly excited and pointing or looking at something off-camera.


- page 68 -

Here is the text from the document:

Is Something Up'

Moline Policeman
Takes Movies Of
'Boxcar' In Sky

By DOROTHY DURESH
Dispatch Writer

Sneer if you will.
You are not going to convince persons in this
are who sighted unidentified flying objects that they
are candidates for the "hooly hatch".
No matter if the reports vary

Eight millimeter movie from "source type" to "boxcar lift" in the area, F. W. Corn-
film, taken of the UFO type, some hearing explosive set of Kofon County and Robert
spilled yesterday over the mines and others hearing loud. Poncl of Geneseo made de-
line, shows a cigar shaped big.

object, clearly visible in the
sky. The film was shot by Bill
Fisher, a Moline policeman,
who was carrying his camera
to "finish the roll." It
was taken at Sacred Heart School in
view of the object, which appeared to have taken a large
boxcar. Many local residents
reported spotting strange objects in the sky over a wide
range.

They saw what they saw.

The facts from Edward J. Ruppert, former head of the
United States Air Force Project Investigating Flying Saucers, is this:

"More than 20 per cent of all
sightings are classified as
'unknowns'. These are objects
that in our skies that cannot be

made aircraft or meteors, and
that cannot be attributed to
weather or atmospheric conditions. Neither can they be explained away as hoaxes or hallucinations."

Through the day and last
night the list grew larger with
a Silvis man, James Meinberg,
reporting that he and his wife had
watched "a white light" in the
sky for several minutes which
slowly disappeared behind a hill. Rock
Island County sheriff's deputies
to be sure that no small aircraft had crashed in the area.


- page 69 -

Here is the text from the document:

Something Up There?

Moline Policeman Takes Movies Of 'Boxcar' In Sky

By DOROTHY BURESH
Dispatch Writer

Sneer if you will.
You are not going to convince persons in this area who sighted unidentified flying objects that they are candidates for the "booby hatch."

No matter if the reports vary

Eight millimeter movie film from "saucer type" to "boxcar" in the area, F. W. Coon, taken (I has 1970 type) - some bearing explosive kind of Kline County and Robert Powell of Geneseo made de-

tailed reports of their sighting.
A Moline woman, Mrs. Arnold Buchmeyer, 222 6th St., and her neighbors, also reported seeing the UFO through base.

The facts from Edward Ruppel, former head of the United States Air Force Project Investigating Flying Saucer, is this:

"More than 20 per cent of all sightings are classified as 'unknowns.' These are objects seen in our skies that cannot be identified as balloons, meteors, aircraft or natural phenomena that cannot be attributed to sky

(Rest of text is cut off or illegible)

The document appears to be a newspaper article about a UFO sighting, with a headline "Something Up There?" and details about a Moline policeman taking movies of an unidentified flying object described as a "boxcar" in the sky.


- page 70 -

Here is the text from the document:

Something Up

Moline Policeman Takes Movies Of 'Boxcar' In Sky

By DOROTHY BURESH
Dispatch Writer

Sneer if you will.
You are not going to convince persons in this area who sighted unidentified flying objects that they are candidates for the "booby hatch."

No matter if the reports vary from "saucer type" to "boxcar type," some hearing explosive noise and others hearing nothing.

They saw what they saw.

The facts from Edward J. Rupolt, former head of the United States Air Force Project Investigating Flying Saucers:

"More than 20 per cent of all sightings are classified as 'unknowns.' These are objects seen in our skies that cannot be identified as balloons, man-made aircraft or meteors, and that cannot be attributed to weather or atmospheric conditions."

Eight millimeter movie film, taken of the UFO spotted yesterday over Moline, shows a cigar shaped object. Clearly visible in the sky. The film was shot by Bill Fisher, a Moline policeman, who was carrying his camera to finish the roll.

The officer was joined by children at Sacred Heart School in viewing the object, which appeared to them like a huge boxcar. Many local residents reported spotting strange objects in the sky over a wide range.

If you are really interested, the Report On Unidentified Flying Objects by Rupolt paperback from Ace Books, suggests you may be out scanning the evening sky with your binoculars — or perhaps packing for a trip on a little green ship to some other planet.

As any rate, the sightings continue to be reported by people considered very reliable. Policeman Films It

Early yesterday afternoon a Moline policeman, Bill Fisher, designed his movie camera at an object in the sky which is described as shaped like a "boxcar." He was riding patrol in the vicinity of Sacred Heart Catholic School, Moline, at the time.

An Air Force UFO Investigator was due in the Quad-Cities today to view the film and to acquire a copy of the film for the investigation files.

Several children also spotted the object, which appeared to be joined by a second object which followed the course of the Mississippi River out of this

(Continued on Page 3)

12


- page 71 -

Moline Dispatch   Fri., Mar. 10, 1967   3

More UFO Reports...
(Continued from Page One)

body was seeing might have
been merely the planet Venus
"Venus is the brightest thing in
the western sky as dusk
deepens at this time of year,"
said William T. Powers, assistant to Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Hynek
an astronomy professor at NU.

At the tower controlling air
traffic at Quad-City Airport,
however the luckless personnel saw nothing but planes,
planes, planes — and felt
rather cheated.

It also has been learned that
a number of dogs, who have not
been off the leash all winter,
were "walked" last night.
These cautious folks were reportedly just "glancing" at the
sky, but of course they were
really out just to walk the dog.
This report came from a ca-

nine friend who is considered reliable.

Dispatch Worker Viewer
And, if any more proof is
needed, one of "our boys," Joe
Lacneyce of 313 15th Ave., Moline, a Dispatch employee at
long, saw the saucer. And if you
think we are going to risk losing an employee by doubting
his integrity, you better catch
the next Sinister Saucer -yourself.

So join the stiff-neck crowd,
get those binoculars out and

keep those reports coming in.
I'll be off tomorrow.

Find Balloon
A solution to the western Illinois flying saucer sightings
mystery may have been found
near the Monmouth waste disposal plant today.

Robert Merwin, superintendent of the city's disposal plant,
found a clear plastic bag, soda straws
and a candle. He found the object tangled in brush on the
north edge of Monmouth on a
road leading to the plant.

The soda straws were glued
together and held the bag open.
It was believed that the candle
provided heat to propel the object and also gave off a soft
greenish light. The plastic bag
was similar to those used by
drycleaners.

Ralph Eckley, city editor of
the Monmouth Review Atlas,
said recent magazines on newsstands in Monmouth have given
descriptions of how UFO's were
built by college students elsewhere.

He noted that there are more
than 1,000 students at Monmouth
College and a similar number
at Knox College in Galesburg.


- page 72 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

TIMES-DEMOCRAT     Friday, March 10, 1967
Davenport-Bettendorf, Iowa

Area Residents See UFOs

A policeman photographed
while in sure, State watched
through binoculars.

A 12-year-old boy sketched a
picture. Fears were aroused
that a plane had crashed.

Numerous residents of the
Quad-Cities and surrounding
area said they saw Unidenti-
fied Flying Objects (UFOs)
late Wednesday, early Thurs-
day, and Thursday night.
Sightings in other portions of
the Midwest were reported
during the same period.

In the Quad-City area, these
were added to the growing
list of reported UFO sight-
ings:

- A man rushed into the
Silvis police station Thursday
night with a report he had
seen a light aircraft go down
at Friendly Farms, south of
Carbon Cliff and between
Black Hawk Road and the
Rock River. Rock Island
County sheriff's authorities in-
vestigated the report but
found nothing. They coupled
the report with UFO sight-
ings.

- Bill Fisher, a Moline
policeman, aimed an 8mm

movie camera at an object he
described as triangled in
shape. He and several other
persons said they viewed the
strange object for five or six
minutes. Fisher's other films
will not be developed for sev-
eral days.

- F.W. Curran, a Knox
County deputy sheriff, said he
was with a group of persons
viewing objects through bin-
oculars for more than half an
hour as the objects danced
over two radio transmitting
towers. One of the objects
emitted a flashing sound, Cur-
ran reported.

- Bob Powell, Geneseo, a
Henry County deputy sheriff,
and Bill Green, another police
officer, reportedly saw ob-
jects, and their descriptions
matched those of the objects
seen by Curran.

- Jimmie Scott, 12-year-old
son of Mr. and Mrs. Gerald
Scott of Buffalo, Iowa, report-
ed seeing a UFO about 2 a.m.
He sketched a picture of the
object.

- Mrs. Arnold Buchmeyer
of 2333 6th St., Moline, said

she watched a UFO from 8 to
10 p.m. Wednesday. She said
she was alerted to the object
by Mrs. Helen Delfosse, Mo-
line, who reportedly noticed
the UFO when she was re-
turning from work earlier in
the evening.

Elsewhere in the Midwest,
a policeman at Goodland,
Kan., reported seeing an ob-
ject, brilliantly white in front
with red and amber side-
lights. It hovered "like a big
vacuum cleaner," he said.

Tom Dreling, editor of the
Goodland Daily News, said
that in his four years with the
Air Force he never heard pro-
pellers, jets or any other ob-
ject sound like that.

Kansas Also

Sightings were also reported
in five counties in northwest
Kansas.

Several persons said they
viewed the object which for
Moline policeman attempted
to photograph.

Mrs. Leo Schmitt of 1407

- UFO: Page 3


- page 73 -

Here is the text from the document:

'Object' In Sky Sketch

A "bright, white object" in the sky over Buffalo early Thursday morning looked like this to Jimmie Scott, 12, who drew his picture what he saw.

Jimmie-Scott, 12, looks out a window at his home in Buffalo as he relates to newsmen how he saw what appeared to be an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) early Thursday, Jimmie, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Gerald Scott, said he got up about 2 a.m. to get a drink of water and noticed the bright object in the sky. He drew a picture of the object as it appeared to him.

By Greg Beaumont

The document also includes a hand-drawn sketch of a UFO at the top of the page, which appears to be a classic flying saucer shape with a dome and circular body with multiple round windows or lights.


- page 74 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

New Downstate
UFOs Reported;
'Like A Boxcar'
From Sun-Times Wires

Two unidentified flying objects were reported over Moline, Ill. Thursday afternoon, about 4:45 miles northwest of Moline, with another sighting made Wednesday night.

A Moline policeman, William Fisher, said he spotted a UFO while patrolling on his motorcycle. He said the object, about the size of a boxcar, hovered some four or five minutes above ground.

A second UFO appeared while he was watching. Fisher said, then both sped out of sight.

Scores of persons, including policemen, reported spotting the unidentified flying objects Wednesday and early Thursday in west-central Illinois and northwest Kansas.

The objects near Moline also reportedly were sighted by a number of other persons, including a woman, two nuns and about 40 students at the Sacred Heart elementary school.

Fisher said he photographed the objects, using a motion picture camera. The film was sent to a laboratory for processing.

The object sighted over five counties in northwest Kansas was described as a large vacuum cleaner. One observer in Hays, Kan., watched an object which made a hissing sound.

A Goodland (Kan.) policeman reportedly seeing an object briefly wrote on his front, with red and amber lights. On the side it looked like a vacuum cleaner.

Tom Dreiling, editor of the Goodland Daily News, said with his four years in the Air Force he never heard propellers, jet or anything else sound like that.

UFOs were sighted in Rawlins, Cheyenne, Wallace, Thomas and Sherman Counties in Kansas, and in Henry and Knox Counties in Illinois.

Frank Courson, a Knox County deputy sheriff who said he had been on the force 19 years and had been a private pilot for three years, said the object was "very distinguishable."

Courson said he watched the object, which he said was later joined by a second UFO, for more than an hour and during that time took notes and made a sketch of the object.

He said the object was "white and metallic red." It had a "rim that looked like if was about five feet thick" at the bottom of what looked like "an upside down bowl."

"Taking into consideration the altitude and distance," he said the UFO appeared to be about 30 feet in diameter.

The object was first spotted in northern Henry County. Deputy Sheriff Bob Powell said he saw the UFO and his description matched Courson's. Both men then denied knowing the cause.

Policeman Bill Green said he watched the UFO for 45 minutes before it was joined by a second, identical craft. Courson said he and a group of people watched the objects dance around for more than half an hour over three unclouded areas near transmitting towers.

He said at one point he saw an airplane fly by. The time he said the plane flew by was concurrent with the time a reporter from the Chicago who saw an object with remembered-control characteristics. The radar men said they saw nothing else on their screen but Courson said the objects were low and spotted by radar.

[Handwritten note on the side of the document]
25 to 3,000
Ft. Alt.
4:45 to 4:30
9-1-67
S.E.

[Caption for image]
Deputy Sheriff Frank Courson jotted these notations in a small notebook while watching unidentified object (UFP)


- page 75 -

Here is the text from the document:

Galesburg Register-Mail, Galesburg, Ill. Tuesday, March 14, 1967

One UFO Case Solved

The mystery of an UFO in the Galesburg area was solved Monday night. Capt. Richard Johnson, who claimed it shortly before midnight Sunday, found it was a real plastic kite with a flashlight taped to it. It was a red plastic kite with a flashlight taped to it. The writing was reported as "strange."

The rest of the text is partially illegible due to the image quality.

The image appears to show a black and white photograph of what seems to be a crumpled or folded object, likely the mentioned plastic kite.


- page 76 -

Here is the text from the document:

Copy Capt/Sgt, Charles Air Force Base, Neutral No.

GALESBURG POLICE DEPARTMENT
PRELIMINARY REPORT

CRIME Misc. Report CLASSIFICATION Flying Objects
Victim of Monmouth, Ill.(Butler Guards)
Residence Address Residence Telephone
Business Address Business Telephone
Where Committed Butler Guardhouse, So. Henderson When Reported 3-13-67 11:18pm
When Committed Above time
Reported By two subjects Address
Description of Primary Stolen None
Amount of Loss None

INVESTIGATION

Received a call from the guardhouse that six they wanted us to look at. Upon arrival, they showed me a plastic kite, red in color, and very moist and wired with two pen light batteries and a small light bulb.

The connection which appeared to have been left together loosely so that a slight vibration would cause the bulb to go on and off alternatively. This bulb when illuminated would cause the kite to cast a reddish glow when the bulb was turned away from the ground, and to give off a white light when the bulb was turned toward the ground. There was quite a long length of nylon string attached to the kite as it came out of the treetops. It was sighted by the guard, and when the kite was close enough to the ground he grabbed it, and discovered the electrical hook-up.

With the permission of the guards, I brought the kite home, with the promise of returning it to them. At hq., we used fresh dry cells and hooked them to the kite, and found out the lights and shadows, and with the bulb on, the kite did give off with a distinct red glow, which might explain how the kite was recently spotted in the area.

The Register Mail reporter was called down to photograph the kite and so far the demonstration with the batteries and bulb.

Since the kite is quite plastic and quite durable, being able to withstand wind and weather, it is impossible to estimate how long the kite might have been flying around in the sky.

Note: This kite is the property of [redacted] and he would like some returned. This dept. is finished with it.

24

Police Dept.
Galesburg, Illinois


- page 77 -

The investigation was initiated after extensive notification of UFO sightings in the Quad City area. Of particular interest was a report of an 8mm movie of a daylight sighting by a Moline police officer. Other significant sightings in the area were made by a Knox County Deputy Sheriff and Henry County Deputy Sheriff. The news media had many reports by other individuals observing UFO activity. A call was place to (TTD) Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio and authorization was given to proceed to the Quad City area and formally investigate the sightings.


- page 78 -

PHYSICAL EVIDENCE

A. PLASTIC CLOTHING BAG
B. PLASTIC CLOTHING BAG
C. MAGNETIC TAPE RECORDINGS
D. RED PLASTIC KITE


- page 79 -

PHYSICAL EVIDENCE

The following evidence collected or viewed in association with the investigation is submitted:

A. Plastic Clothing Bag.

The bag was found 5 nautical miles west of Monmouth, Illinois at 0300 hours, 10 March 1967 in brush beside a road leading to the city sewage treatment plant. The hot air improvised balloon was found by the superintendent of the disposal plant.

B. Plastic Clothing Bag.

Another plastic bag was found 4 nautical miles northeast of Monmouth, Illinois by this bag was in much better condition. It was located off Highway 34 by a Science Teacher (Junior High School). It was found 0815 CST, 11 March 1967. Reported find to WRAN Radio and Police Department.

C. 8mm Color Film.

The film taken by Officer Fisher on 9 March 1967 at 1330 CST was viewed by Captain Orsnic and Captain Kato. The film strip of the object was essentially non-descriptive. It appeared on a blue background with no terrain or surface objects visible. Motion or speed could not be judged as no comparison could be made. The camera was hand held and shaky. The object appeared silvery-white and oblong. At slow projected speeds, there appeared to be a strob effect on the forward edge. Possibly indicating a trace. After four viewings, a firm determination of this conclusion could not be made. Closer inspection of the film is desired. Officer said he would be glad to give the USAF a copy after he settles with any news or magazine media. He intends to keep the original in his possession.


- page 80 -

TAPE RECORDINGS

Although we conducted numerous interviews, we felt the three that were recorded were the most significant. Other interviews, in some cases, supported the original sightings. The tape recordings were taken in private under the most ideal conditions available. The parties involved were not under duress; they were counseled concerning the statements made and they were informed that the interviews would not be given national publicity but would be used for support of the investigation. A transcript accompanies the tape.


- page 81 -

PART VI

COMMENTS OF INVESTIGATING OFFICERS


- page 82 -

COMMENTS OF INVESTIGATING OFFICERS

As a result of the numerous reported sightings and the notification of the town movies of a sighting, we felt a thorough investigation should be conducted. We received telephone confirmation from Major Quintanella at FTD Wright-Patterson AFB and proceeded via military aircraft to the Quad City Airport.

During the flight to the Galesburg-Moline area, we noted positions of high tension lines, radio and television towers, smoke stacks, near construction, airports, highway overpasses, power stations and also the general lay of the land noting hills, valleys, etc.

Upon arrival at Quad City Airport there were three sightings that were considered to require further investigation. These were the sightings made by William Pieken in Moline, the sighting made by Henry County. In Galesburg and last the sighting made at Quad City. All three of the sightings had received extensive local news coverage. It is believed, as a result of the news publicity, a form of public response resulted in many other sightings. The investigation concentrated on the original three sightings with interest in any and all possible reports.

In the area of confirming reports here those made by Sister and Father. Both of these individuals witnessed the object. Officer filmed from the same area at the same time.

And in the same general area. The report made by was believed to be the first report in the area and was not observed by anyone else during his viewing.

Our first act was to visit the Police station. We met with Patrolman and individually and proceeded to the courtroom for the first viewing of the movie film taken of the reported sightings. The film was approximately 2 minutes in length. The object was unclear and was in color. The camera was hand held and the resultant jerky movement of the object. The object was centered in the picture with the blue sky as background. There were no ground references or other objects to aid in determining the speed or height of the object. From where the film was taken the angle of elevation had to be above 60 degrees in order to clear the top of buildings and trees in the direction of the object. There was no visible sound. The object did not appreciably decrease in size.

On the last three viewings, we detected a strobe effect could be caused by the camera speed and the motor speed of a helicopter or proper speed of a conventional aircraft. After viewing the film, we conducted a personal interview with Patrolman. We had him sketch the object he saw.

Patrolman seemed to be a very conscientious and dedicated officer. He is active in church activities particularly scouting. Because of his stated strong interest in Science Fiction and "Flying Saucers", he carries binoculars and a movie camera with him while on duty. He made the statement that he watches the sky every chance he gets and this was the reason that he made the sighting on that Thursday afternoon. He also stated he was aware of the preceding sightings, made in the preceding days. Patrolman also stated he had a better view of the object with the naked eye than with the view finder on the camera.

As a result of the discussions with Patrolman, there exists the possibility that the object was either a conventional aircraft or a helicopter. Assuming this, we contacted airports, FMA, Flight Service Stations, private air vehicle owners, military units, and other affected

1


- page 83 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

agencies. Since air traffic throughout the area is moderately heavy,
and since it is virtually impossible to pin-point an air vehicle in that
exact position at that time, we are unable to positively identify the
object.

Statements made by the Catholic [redacted] seem to corroborate Patrolman
[redacted] however it must be noted that Sister [redacted] had only a 5
second glimpse of a mystery object during that time and Sister [redacted]
observed a different object some 25 minutes later.

Mr. [redacted] was standing near Patrolman [redacted]. She also saw a
silvery elongated object, but could not add anything to what Patrolman
[redacted] had seen.

In summary, all witnesses appeared to be reliable. They did not see an
object. Due to the extended news coverage of previous sightings, we feel
the individuals were partially affected by imagination and a strong desire
to see something. The possibilities that the object was an air vehicle,
burning amonia, a plastic bag "UFO", or an actual UFO still exist.
However, we strongly suspect this sighted object to be an air vehicle.

The sighting was on 6 March 1967 at 0125 CST. He
viewed the object with binoculars and gave an extremely detailed descrip-
tion of what he saw. From his description "the object was a space ship"
as stated in current science fiction media. The Deputy seemed very
sincere and expressed no doubt of his sighting. The road there he made
his sighting was visual but no evidence could be found. The witnesses
expressed an intense interest in possible future scientific advancement
and are travel. He is aware of the current reading on the
subject of flying saucers prior to his sighting.

There are several possibilities of what Deputy [redacted] could have
seen. First off all, he was in the area of sighting at the time of
sighting was from the south to the north. Two balloons, constructed of
plastic clothing bags were found in the Monmouth area. There is a pos-
sibility that the wind carried other bags over Galesburg. The point of
launch could be determined. The construction of the balloon, its energy source and color
could be determined. The Deputy described (with the
minimum of imagination). The apparent speed of 250 to 300 mph must be
judged on size and height. The same investigator would be formed from
a 3 ft. object at low height as a 30 ft. object that is higher. This
is essentially true at night when viewed through binoculars. The apparent
width may could have been a spilling of the fuel used to inflate and
provide the hot air. The balloon. The crystalline line present could
have been the plastic bag. The open flame, necessary to provide hot air,
would appear to pulsate and would cast a red glow to the lower surface
of the bag. The radial construction of the supporting members of the
balloon could appear as slots or vanes on the lower surface as described
by the Deputy.

Another possibility, considered but not substantiated, is the theory
presented by Dr. [redacted], Falls Church, Va. The
area was experiencing its first warm and warm weather. It is also a
large farming area. The odor of ammonia was very strong. If his theory
is correct and there was sufficient ammonia gas emitted from somewhere
south of Galesburg, the object Officer [redacted] could have seen his burning
ammonia gas. There is also a lot of altitude airway that parallels the route
of flight of his sighting. The airway is V-434. There is the possibility
of a low-level aircraft flying the airway, at low altitude.

In summary, the object that was sighted could have been any of the
possibilities mentioned, including the space ship described. However,
in the opinion of the investigators, it was most likely a plastic clothing
bag.

Page number: 2


- page 84 -

We arrived at Cambridge, Illinois, and proceeded to the Henry County Sheriff's office to interview Deputy this time was mainly in private with the subject apparently at ease. He stated that his attention was caught by the peculiar lighting arrangement of what he thought was an aircraft. Since the object in question was at a considerable distance and since the viewing was of a short duration, it is possible that his recall of the light positions was in error and the object was in reality an aircraft flying to the South West. VR traffic VL(3) and VLO are south of the sighting area. VR traffic could be flying any desired route, again, it would be virtually impossible to pinpoint air traffic in this area at the sighting hour. However, we strongly suspect this sighting to be an aircraft.

Two plastic clothing bags were found in the Monmouth area. These bags had been made into Hot Air Balloons. The construction is simple. These in addition to the plastic bag "UFO", any number of bright stars or planets, and air vehicles, most probably accounted for near-all the sightings.

In conclusion, it is the opinion of the undersigned investigators that the U.S. news reporting media unwittingly causes a type of mass hysteria associated with unknown object sightings. Most all observers expect to be extremely reliable but have a "strong desire to see something" or "thought I'd never see a saucer" attitude about them. These two conditions along with "prank launchings" seem to have resulted in wide spread "UFO sightings".

[Signed by]
EDWARD J OBERG, Captain, USAF
UFO Investigating Officer

ANTON R KATO, Captain, USAF
UFO Investigating Officer


- page 85 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Amateur Investigators Seek
Background of UFO Reports
By KENNETH CROUCH
At least one of the objects
sighted near Galesburg this
week may be a bona fide unidentified flying object, two
amateur UFO researchers reported today in Galesburg.

Orville R. Hartle, director of
the Universal Research Society
in LaPorte, Ind., for investigating unknown phenomena, and
his assistant, Dean W. Goers,
explained today that an UFO is
an object that is not a plane or
an identifiable craft
as they know it.

One True UFO?
The sighting of what researchers called possibly an unidentified flying object near Frank Courson may possibly fail into this category, the researchers maintained. However, they are searching for
other persons who sighted the
object Monday at 4:30 a.m. on
the Wataga-Henderson blacks
top before they reach any town.

The two investigators, who
arrived in Galesburg Thursday
after they learned of the sightings, spent two hours after midnight last night at the location
of yesterday's sighting. They
interviewed several persons living at 12:30 a.m. was probably

the star. They
based their opinion on interviews they made
and the fact that it moved so
slowly.

They explained that a star
can appear in different colors
if it is low on the horizon and
might be mistaken through hundreds of miles of atmosphere.
They were accompanied by Courson at Monday's

UFO discovered in Monmouth,
Story on page 5.

The two Indiana men said that
Courson was a good witness.
Interview Viewers
Several productive for the
search of the UFO sighting is to go to the area and
interview persons involved to
determine if there was a valid
UFO.

Are most interested in
which they determine with the
use of ultra violet radiation
equipment. If a landing is established, samples of soil, vegetation and water are taken for
their research. Their method of
research is filmed in color.
Their greatest interest is in
unusual sightings or in landings.
They said that landings are too
frequent to be pursued.

No Sightings of UFOs
Despite Dozens of Gazers
The fascination of possibly seeing an unidentified flying object
in Galesburg brought out crowds of a great sports event along
County Highway 10. There were
about 15 carloads of young persons star gazing and a stream
of cars driving slowly past.
The young persons spoke seriously about the possibility of
visitors from outer space and
were prepared if any space
ship should fly into view.

Some Reports
Equipped with binoculars,
cameras, citizens' band radios
and thermos jugs of hot coffee,
the crowd continually scanned

the sky. And numerous sightings of something were reported of a red light that jogged
around a bit, then suddenly
speeded off and a white light
that traveled across the sky at
an unbelievable speed.

Then about 10:15 p.m. a report on the CB radio indicated
that a red UFO had landed in
the area. Six cars with teenagers hurried off.

As the cars rounded the corner and flashed their lights on
the object, the taillights on a
car came on, and a startled
couple looked at the crowd.

And to ponder, any number of
persons in the local pubs will
confide, "I've never told anyone about this, but..."

Meanwhile, back at the sheriff's office, deputy sheriff Robert Cantield revealed a laboratory report on the mysterious
object that struck a Galesburg area on Jan. 18. It was a
tiny piece of bright yellow
wood.

"These people (space visitors) may be far advanced in
technology," Cantield said, "but they're still in the stone
age as far as weaponry."


- page 86 -

Here is the text from the document:

Monmouth Different---Has an 'IFO'

While lots of flap goes on about Unidentified Flying Objects, Monmouth came up with a candle-hot-air-inflated plastic garment bag which presumably has been floating around in the sky over Western Illinois. A light at night and a glittery object. It was found at 8 a.m. today grounded on brush on the north edge of Monmouth beside a road leading to the city's sewage treatment plant. Looking at the contraption, in photo, are Robert Merwin, the disposal plant superintendent, and (in uniform) Police Chief Tiuder. Home-made "object" was a copy of the old-time Fourth of July hot air balloons.

CLOSE-UP---Clear plastic garment bag is shown as found this morning at Monmouth. It was a deflated balloon, which apparently had been supplied with its elevating lot sir from a lighted candle supported on a cross-piece at the bottom formed from soda foam straws. Printed in national magazines describing a prank which some students on the West Coast had reported. Officials in Monmouth said the balloon did not contain any clue to its source or its makers.

Page number: 17


- page 87 -

Here is the text from the document:

Air Force Officers
See O-C UFO Film

Two U.S. Air Force officers made guarded statements Friday after viewing a policeman's color movie film of an unidentified flying object (UFO) in the sky.

"Let's just say we're interested," said Capt. Edward Chard Kato, both of Chanute AFB, Illinois, viewed the film in Moline.

The movie was taken Thursday by Bill Fisher, who spotted a white object in the sky. Fisher stood near Sacred Heart Catholic School and camera at the unidentified flying object for several minutes.

During the "private" screening of the film, one of the officers exclaimed "that's an excellent object." The film showed an object with a jet changing from white to a deep pink at one point.

The Air Force officers asked Fisher to relinquish the film, but Fisher later said he would permit the Air Force to recopy the film as long as he could "be in the laboratory when it is done."

The two Air Force officers expect to remain in Moline for several days in order to interview other witnesses who viewed the object with Fisher.

Fisher has been delighted with offers to sell the film and to appear before television camera. He said he has not determined what to do with the film.

In other UFO developments Friday:

Robert Merwin, superintendent of the Monmouth, Ill., disposal plant, found a hot air balloon made of a clear plastic bag, soda straws and a candle tangled in brush on the north side of Monmouth. There was a possibility that this was the object seen by several residents in the Warren county area late Wednesday and early Thursday, Merwin said.

Northwestern University astronomer theorized that persons may be seeing the planet Venus.

Gary Bennett, 20, of Colona, an Augustana College student, reported an unfamiliar airborne vehicle circle about 9:30 p.m. Thursday in the East-Moline hill district.

16


- page 88 -

PART II

ITINERARY OF INVESTIGATION


- page 89 -

Here is the text from the document:

MOLINE DAILY DISPATCH

Moline, Ill. - The Farm Equipment Capital Of The World

SATURDAY, MARCH 11, 1967

Moline Police Officer William Fisher prepares to show his movie film of the two UFOs he took Thursday afternoon to William Powers, systems engineer for the Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University, who interviewed the officer this morning after viewing the film in the city council chambers. Powers taped the interview and said he hopes to obtain a negative of Fisher's film for further study at the observatory. (Dispatch Photo)

Page number: 19
No. 190


- page 90 -

Here is the text from the document:

'Big UFO, Followed By Smaller Blue One'

"It was a great big object, Sir," Sims, and her husband, "It was much larger and brighter-Observatory at Northwestern team from Chanute Field viewed the film and questioned over from Joliet. It was James D. King, 120 12th discovered to be the sky," she said viewed the film. The two, Capt. red to green, and behind it was Sir, spent a considerable part of a smaller, light blue object that the night watching the strange sky in the east of our the two UFOs while in the vicin- Edward Orsak and Capt.

the night continually. The husband, home." said Mrs. Land. ity of Sacred Heart School at Edward Kain, said after viewing the film said taking

moved together, and then would hover about 10 minutes, and then move about the sky.

This was the description a hour and a half, and Mrs. King moved together, the smaller one took back to the observatory

Sims women gave of the latest sighted out about three hours an always in the same relative position with him and said to be kept to

sighted the last three nights in observed the objects." Check Film Memphis, William Powers, system engineer for Decatur, a

the Quad-City area. The Lands are positive that Mrs. Stanley Land, 1925 10th street was not a planet, system engineer for Decatur, at

At night, Powers said, the Planets Jupiter and Mars are very bright, as is Polaris, Sir.

Moline Dispatch Sat., Mar. 11, 1967

Observatory Man Sees UFO Films...
(Continued from Page One)

er photographed were "foreign objects" He said he had no idea what they were, but suggested they might be atmospheric phenomena or possibly space ships, from where he could not venture to guess.

He said he did not think that ever the things are some from a foreign country "because they would have been tracked by radar."

Tax Returns
Prepared by experienced staff

B. W. Tex &
Accounting Service
Call 328-4827

Sighting UFOs should call the The number is 312-929-5111. Ext. 436, Air Defense Depot, US. Air Force, O'Hare Field, Chicago 10-20-416.

(Continued on Page 6)


- page 91 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

ROCK ISLAND ARGUS, SATURDAY, MA [11, 1967]

Investigation of UFOs Continuing
(Photo on Page 20)
By JACK TUBBS
(Argus State Editor)

When asked if they believed a temperature inversion might be responsible for the recent sighting, they replied, "Oh, no. We just have to consider everything."

An Air Force investigating team which moved into the Quad-Cities yesterday was joined today by William Powless, systems engineer for Dearborn Observatory at Northwestern University, in an attempt to learn what was seen in the sky two nights this week.

The Air Force yesterday began a typical, walk-upon investigation, according to Capt. Edward C. Ruppelt and A. Richard Kato, were met at the Quad-City Airport by Argus reporters.

The investigators had first information on the sightings from Henry, Knox and Warren Counties and again Friday for information on the sighting by Bill Fisher, Moline policeman, who took 8mm movies of an object in the sky Thursday after noon.

On the way from the airport to the Moline Police Station, where they was going to be shown officers were very interested to learn whether they wanted to know if it had been significantly warmer Thursday than Wednesday and if there had been any other warm days since the last cold spell.

A temperature inversion is used when unseasonably warm weather occurs. Then the air, which is lighter, gets trapped as warmer air rises over a cold ground which cools rapidly at night.

Some UFO investigators have claimed that this phenomenon creates a mirror above the area and objects appear as large and distorted as if reflected back to earth.

After this the investigators, talking with Fisher, again and again questioned him. They were interested. "They also hope to obtain a copy of the film.

Investigate UFOs-
(Continued from Page One)

from Chaute Field, gave no indication of any possibility of temperature inversion.

At the Moline Police Station, the Argus team viewed a group of police officers viewed the film about a dozen times.

The film, shot about 1:30 p.m. showed an elongated slit-dip object which appeared to times. In the "front" several times. In the "front" several times the object seemed to be seen, however.

Very Disappointed

Fisher said he was "disappointed, very disappointed," in the clarity of the film. He said he could see the object at one point in the film, but at one point in the viewing, one of the Air Force men said; "Did you see that?" to the other officer who replied, "Sure did, if you'll write it up that way, I will." However after viewing Capt. Orenic said he had seen nothing every time he looked at the film. "If he had been able to interpret anything from the film he would have warned against reading anything into this continuing viewing.

Before leaving the airport the investigators gave the impression they intended to leave later in the afternoon. However, viewing the film they rented a car and announced plans to stay overnight and continue their investigation.

The officers viewed the film again today and questioned Fisher further. The pair said after viewing the film again they were more interested. "They also hope to obtain a copy of the film."

This morning Powers viewed the film and taped a statement by Fisher. He took the tape back to the observatory where it is being studied. He did not go into detail. Not From Foreign Country

Powers said he did not believe the UFOs Fisher photographed were "foreign objects." He said he had no idea what they might be but suggested they might be atmospheric phenomena or possibly space ships, from where he would not venture to guess.

This morning a Silvis woman reported that she, her husband and a neighbor couple had spent a considerable portion of the night watching two strange objects.

It was a great big object. It changed color from yellow to red to green and behind it was a smaller, light blue object that blinked continuously. The two moved together, and then would separate about 10 minutes and then move about 3 o u t the sky again.

This was the description Mrs. Stanley Land, 1522 12th St., Silvis, gave of the object she, Mr. Land and Mr. and Mrs. James Pryor, 1029 12th St., had watched.

They first saw the objects about 12:30 this morning and the sighting continued until the objects were obscured by fog about three hours later.

At night, Powers said the planets Jupiter and Venus are very bright. As is the star Sirius. Venus appears in the west, Jupiter high in the east and Sirius in the east-southeast and moves to the west flashing red, green and white.

Another explanation given for the UFOs comes from a Minneapolis-honeywell which has done extensive research on the subject.

They attribute the objects sighted to ionized atmosphere.

It seems a lot of the sightings occur in the vicinity of power stations or high voltage transmission lines. When the atmosphere is right clouds of ionized atmosphere will appear and sometimes take on various shapes, sometimes quite elongated, and can be quite bright and of brilliant luminosity.

Sometimes they will be dome shaped.

The high speed at which they appear to be traveling is attributed to the evacuation of the cloud.

They also add that ionized atmosphere is detectable on a radar screen.

The Illinois Civil Defense Dec.

21


- page 92 -

Find UFOs
Plastic Kites
GALESBURG (fl — Two unidentified flying objects landed Monday night on the southwest edge of Galesburg and were identified as red plastic kites with battery - powered light bulbs.

Two guards at the Butler Manufacturing Co. called police after sighting UFOs. The kites had landed by the time police arrived.

Two bulbs attached to each kite were wired to flicker on and off when wind blew the kite. The resulting reddish glow lit the description of numerous UFO sightings last week in the Galesburg area, police said.

The newspaper appears to be The News Gazette, dated Tuesday, March 14, 1967, and the page number is 22.


- page 93 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

UFO's Sighted In
Numerous Places
By The Associated Press

A solution to the western Illi-
nois flying saucer sightings
mystery may have been found
near the Monmouth plant of a
postal plant Friday.

Reports of unidentified flying
objects ranged from the Quad
Cities to Peoria Wednesday and
Thursday.

Robert Merwin, superintendent of the city's disposal plant,
found a not air balloon made of
a clear plastic bag, soda straws
and a candle which he said was
just raised in brush on the
north side of Monmouth near a
road leading to the plant.

The soda straws were glued
together and held the bag open.
It was believed that he candle
provides heat to propel the object and also gave off a soft
greenish light. The plastic bag
was similar to those used by
dry cleaners.

The Monmouth Review Atlas,
said recent magazines on newsstands in Monmouth have given
descriptions of how UFO's were
built and how they might look
where.

Its noted that there are more
than 1,000 students at Monmouth
College and a similar number
at Western Illinois University.
After the sightings at Northwestern University, an investigator
associated with the Air Force's
(AFO) investigation explained
that the objects which might
have been the planet
Venus "are the bright objects
in the western sky as dusk
descends." He suggested a look
at Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Peoria, an astronomer professor
who is in charge of the Air
Force project.

A Monmouth policeman, however, can see "Venus move and
try" therefore he isn't inclined
to a UFO.

A Monmouth policeman, however, said he was riding his motorcycle on patrol when he spotted
a bright object in the sky at
about 1,000 feet. He said a
second UFO was seen from another location.

A number of other sightings
including two
nuns and 40 students at the
Sacred Heart elementary
school.

Other sightings were reported

in Canton, Pekin and Peoria.
Elmer Walby of Pekin reported
to police "a bright orange object in the western sky" which
appeared about 7:15 p.m. The
sighting was confirmed by two
policemen. A U.S. Weather Bureau employee in Peoria told of
seeing a speck in the western
sky that got brighter as dusk
came on.

Several mysterious objects
were reported in Southern Illinois.

Arthur Sills notified the sheriff's office at Salem he and his
sister, Alice, spotted an object
coming down the road near their
home northeast of Salem.

Sills said the diamond-shaped
object, travelling 15 to 20 feet
in the air, kept changing from
bright red to white. It suddenly
shot upward and vanished.

Find UFOs
Plastic Kites
GALESBURG — Two unidentified flying objects landed
Monday night on the west
edge of Galesburg and were
identified as red plastic kites
- battery - powered light
bulbs.

Two guards at the Burger
Manufacturing Co. called police
to report sighting UFOs. The
report was investigated by the
police arrived.

Two bulbs attached to each
kite were wired to flicker on
and off when wind jarred the
kite. The resulting pulsating
fit the description of numerous
UFO sighting last week in the
Galesburg area, police said.

Page 23


- page 94 -

