Here is the text from the document:

1. DATE/TIME GROUP: [Illegible]

2. LOCATION: Seattle, Washington

3. SOURCE: [Illegible]

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 2 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual

7. COURSE: [Illegible]

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Balloon(possible)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observers watched a dinner plate shaped object travel toward the US. The object was white in color. No sound was noted during the observation.

At the bottom of the form: FTD ID PGL 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Seattle, Wash.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 15 July 1967

TO: [Redacted]
Seattle, Washington

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MALATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 2 -

Dear Sirs,

I am sending you a sighting which I have made. I would appreciate if you would investigate it and send me any information about it you find. On the inside is a drawing that I made and that my witnesses made.

Seattle, Washington
98138

Thank You,

[Handwritten note in bottom right corner: "SEND 16"]


- page 3 -

1. I saw the object on May 15, 1967.
2. It was 11:20 PM when I saw the object.
3. Our time zone is Pacific, its Daylight Savings time.
4. I saw the object at this address Seattle, Washington
5. The object was in sight for a few minutes, 20 seconds. I'm sure of that
6. Time, because I looked at my watch.
7. The sky was clear and bright.
8. The sky was clear and the weather was hot and dry.
9. The object appeared solid.
10. The edge of the object was sharply outlined.
11. The object appeared to stand still some of the time and disappear and
12. The object disappeared while I was watching it.
13. The object didn't travel in front or in back of anything.
14. The object made no sound and was white in color.
15. I couldn't estimate the speed or the size of the object.
16. I was standing outdoors when I saw the object.
17. I was near an airfield.
18. I observed the object through nothing, I saw it with the naked eye.
19. This object looked like a white dinner plate that was hovering in the
air.
20. The object was about 15 degrees above the ground and was in the north-
west sky.
21. I never seen anything that looked like this object.
22. There was another person with me and he saw the object too.

Seattle, Washington
98188

23. Here some information about me.

Seattle, Washington
98188

24. My phone number [redacted] and I'm 13 years old.

I also study UFO information and have a large collection of books
on the subject. And I am certain I DIDN'T see an airplane.


- page 4 -

I drew this picture of the object
Craig Worsley


- page 5 -

Text found in the document:

First
Second

This was drawn by my friend.


- page 6 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    TDPT/UFO

SUBJECT:    UFO Observation, 15 June 1967

TO:         [Redacted address]
            Seattle, Washington 98138

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Branch (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 15 June 1967 would you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please make a statement on the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Production

1 Atch
AF Form 117


- page 7 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
15 JUNE 1967
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 1 24
        Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Postal address redacted] SEATTLE, WASHINGTON
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0 1 20
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? LOOK AT MY WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                    NIGHT
a. Bright              a. Bright
b. Cloudy              b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    a. To your left
             b. In back of you     b. Overhead
             c. To your right      c. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw this object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
A white dinner plate

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know for each item]

Page 2 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 9 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
IT WAS THERE WHEN I SIGHTED IT.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound     NONE
b. Color     A CREAM COLOR OR WHITE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
DON'T KNOW

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A simple sketch with an arrow and the word "WHITE" is drawn]


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other   Yes   No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A white dinner plate, turned upside down.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place on "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document also contains a compass diagram and two sketching areas for the observer to fill out details about a UFO sighting.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
SEATTLE, WASHINGTON 98168

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS   SEATTLE   98168   WASHINGTON
TELEPHONE NUMBER   AGE 13   SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?   To my PARENTS
15   JUNE   1967
Day   Month   Year


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    15    July    1967
    Day     Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The text field for question 35 is blank]

Page 7 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 14 -

