PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE, TIME GROUP: 26 Jan 67, 1900

2. LOCATION: Defiance, Illinois (Battle)

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual

7. COURSE: N/A

8. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes [X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [ ] Yes [X] No

10. CONCLUSION: IFO AIRCRAFT
Description is similar to an aircraft with an electronic advertising sign

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Object had light about same brightness of aircraft.
Object had a shape of a clam and a helicopter. Co-
ject disappeared in distant darkness.

FORM: FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 21 MAR 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

See my letter of Jan. 23, 1967.

This describes the action and movement of lights on the vehicle.

Also - in that letter, dates not given. They are given in this report, as they had been noted on our appointment calendar - which I had overlooked when I wrote to Joe Wilson at Scott.

In section 19 above, the right end of the vehicle appears as a sort of "rudder" at the rear of the vehicle not as shown in the sketch.

In both sightings, there was shallow water, but the vehicle was not an optical illusion from headlight reflections (the angle, and also because I turned off my lights in the Jan. 26, 1967 sighting)

The Col. 26, 1966 sighting was about some action, West to East, as I traveled south, that sighting perhaps 15 minutes, and vehicle disappeared at distant date.


- page 2 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFTC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: IDEX/UFO                                                   15 March 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, Jan 67

TO: [Redacted]
Fillmore, Illinois 62032

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems                                1 Atch
                                                                    FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 3 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS SERVICE
SCOTT AIR FORCE BASE, ILLINOIS 61725

1 Feb 1967

SUBJECT: Sighting of Airborne Vehicle

TO: Project Blue Book Information Office
SAF-OI
Wash DC 20330

1. The attached report was submitted to this headquarters by the
[ILLEGIBLE] is forwarded to your office as per instructions of Project Blue
Book, 1 Feb 66.

2. Though this is the first such report submitted to Hq AFCS, we
have in the past received requests for information concerning Un-
identified Flying Objects (UFOs). We would appreciate receiving
copies of any Air Force handout on UFOs.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JOE H WILSON
Chief, Information Division
Office of Information

1 Atch
Ltr from Rev
Jan 67 w/sketch

Providing The Reins of Command!


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

FILLMORE PARISH - THE METHODIST CHURCH
BOX 98, FILLMORE, ILL. 62032 & BOX 176, COFFEEN, ILL. 62017
PHONE: FILLMORE 71

January 28, 1967

Air Force
Communications Service,
Scott AFB, Illinois

SUBJECT: Sightings of strange vehicle, airborne.

TIME: Autumn evening and also a January 1967 evening.
(dates not remembered exactly, but 5th the
latest sighting, thought I should send this.)

DESCRIPTION: Similar to large helicopter, but with no
rotors visible, and no apparent sound. (Please
see attached sketch.)

The "colored lights" on the side seemed to
progress from right to left as one sees
messages on a theater's marquee. There was
no particular order: i.e. red, green, and
white(or yellow) lights that seemed like
moving windows, and they moved right to left
fast enough that they could not be counted.

At intervals, what appeared to be first white,
or yellow light appeared to be projected from
the underside of the base of the vehicle, and
back(right) of the vehicle, and seeming to
change to a sort of mad color as it was
directed as a propulsion to the forward, much
the same, or as the landing light of a plane is.

Vehicle was perhaps 300 feet up, and appeared
to be maybe 50' long. But this was "somewhat",
and the relative size of the vehicle was hard
to assess at that height. (It seemed quite big.)

Inclement weather did not seem really to diminish
one's view of the vehicle, either time, but I
noticed that no clear color could be made out on
the body proper - just as though it were large,
less point or metal such as was used in WWII.

Fillmore, Ill. 62032

P.S. This is not for your information purpose
only, and is not intended for news story.


- page 5 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible. There appears to be a faint vertical line down the center of the page, and some very light markings or text fragments on the left side of the page, but they are too blurry and indistinct to read with certainty.


- page 6 -

Text found on the document:

LEFT
(FRONT)

RIGHT
(REAL)

The image appears to be a hand-drawn sketch of what seems to be a technical or anatomical drawing, with annotations indicating left front and right (real) views of an object or structure.


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

W. VALLEY AVIATION CO.
LAWRENCEVILLE-VINCENNES MUNICIPAL AIRP

Air Agency CE-1027
Training
Examiner Service
Rental
Ambulance
Sales Advertising
Authorized Repair Station No. 3229

P. O. BOX 29
PHONE 963-3323

Lawrenceville, Illinois 62

January 16, 1966

Department of the Air Force
HQ Foreign Technology Division (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Attn: Hector Quintanilla, Jr., Major, USAF

Dear Sir:

In reply to your request for information concerning our night advertising, I will submit the following:

Our advertising is done with an electric sign which is programmed to accept and display moving letters.

The sign is mounted on a Cessna 172D (N2673U) in a horizontal position under the aircraft. It is constructed in three sections, and is extended or retracted by using electric winches and nylon rope.

The sign measures eight feet wide and thirty-five feet long when extended. The letters move from the rear forward, and measure eight feet by four feet.

Under normal circumstances, the entire message of approximately 60 letters and spaces will repeat itself every 20 seconds.

During the time the sign is extended and lighted, it is flown through the air at an airspeed of 55 to 60 miles per hour. For transporting it from one location to another, the bulbs are not lighted, and it would appear to be a conventional aircraft.

This apparatus, when viewed from a side position of more than a half mile can cause some of the effects on the public which you are concerned with. That is to say that it is not readable from that distance, and will appear to be a string of lights moving around some object . . . creating a very busy pattern of light, not discernible as a definite object.

On moonlit nights, the aircraft can be distinguished, and reports of an aircraft on fire are quite common.

When operating this sign, we are required by the wording contained in our waiver to maintain contact, or forward the FAA through Flight


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

VALLEY AVIATION CO.

Air Agency CE-197
Training
Examiner Service
Rental
Taxi
Ambulance
Advertising
Rental Salesservice
Indicated Repair Station No. 3229

P. O. BOX 59
PHONE 945-2122

Lawrenceville, Illinois 62

- 2 -

Service Stations or Air Traffic Control Towers.

We are not waivered to fly lower than existing regulations allow, and we operate in strict adherence to these rules.

However, we have found that in many cases, we are accused of operating at altitudes lower than the minimums . . . a situation we believe is caused by the effect of the moving lights. We have experimented with this matter by asking control towers to estimate our altitude, in which case they always estimate to be considerably lower than we actually are.

I am enclosing one of our advertising folders in lieu of a photograph, since it is not easy to take a good picture of this rig. The drawing depicts the general appearance.

I am also enclosing a copy of our waiver, with the idea in mind that if ever there is a question on a given night, you might determine the presence of one of these signs by contacting the FAA, and that would be providing the operator complied with his waiver commitment.

Our area of operation is legally the Continental United States, but we are operating mostly in the state of Illinois, Indiana and Missouri. We have operated in Kansas, Kentucky and Iowa.

We received two sets of information requests from you . . . one for Wabash Valley Aviation Co., and one for [REDACTED]. I wish to inform you that we are one and the same person.

If we may be of further service to you in your efforts, please let us know.

Sincerely,
[SIGNATURE REDACTED]

Encl: 2


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2/6   Jan   1967
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 9:10   7:15
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
CR Highway 183   Colleen   Ill   62017
Street Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)   15   Seconds
                                   Hours   Minutes   Seconds
    a. Certain     c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Car Clock
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY   NIGHT
a. Bright   a. Bright
b. Cloudy   b. Cloudy

Overcast, though time of full moon

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTD FORM 164 OCT 62   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight = pitch dark
d. Don't remember

overcast after
ice storm

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

hster, ice storm

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid (with lights as described in 19, below)
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Attached lights about same brightness as airplanes

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or exploded?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know

These apply only to my 15 min. obs. observation


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
N/c.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: Trees   Slow   Tree creek bed

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   None noticeable
b. Color:   Not much, light available.   Seemed listless - like our   
                                           20 army type jeep.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

An area 3'x5' would have been covered by the match head
(using wood pitch on match). This would be about 1/2 of its length
and 1/5 or 1/6 of its height.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an oval/elliptical shaped object with small circles/dots along the bottom, with an arrow indicating movement direction to the left]


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 10 mph - hovering

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 300 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):

a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East            e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast       f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 15 miles per hour.(ready to turn north)

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Stopped and turned off lights

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes   No
c. Windshield   Both   No
d. Window glass Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope    Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other tech windows and part tinting

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

combination of a clam and a helicopter!


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

Only one


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Yes - October 20, 1966 where Brownsville, just north Keenesville Ill near intersection of Hwy 45 and Hwy 250

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
For the Jan. 26 sighting - I was alone, reports the same. This object at close range was seen by others without my having told him story Sighting incidentally

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] FILLMORE ILL 62032
TELEPHONE [redacted]
AGE 42 SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
Methodist minister. Do not drink. Sane.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
29 Jan 1967
Joe H Wilson, Chief, Information Div, Scott AFB IL


- page 15 -

