PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
9 Feb 67     10/01452

2. LOCATION
Odessa, Delaware     (2 Witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
E (Motionless)

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENTIFIED

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

Copy for Hqrs

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDG)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

TYPED COMMENTS MADE BY DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK ON JUNE 1968

ODESSA, DELAWARE                                                9 FEBRUARY 1967

Unidentified: but based entirely on a NICAP report. On the basis
of the information given, no identification seems possible. Too bad
that a competent AF investigation was not made.

(Original signed by J. Allen Hynek)


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
Inter-University
CORRESPONDENCE

To: Prof. Bluebook         From: J. A. Hynek

Re: Odessa, Del.           9/F-6167

Unidentified: but good activity in a NICAP report. On the basis of the information given, was no identity for the source possibly too bad the a comparable HP involved was not made.

J. A. Allen Hynek


- page 3 -

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 6                                                                   4 Jun

it occurred at a small airport and the duration was one-half to one and a
half minutes. Follow-up should have been made to determine other witnesses. Since it occurred at night on December 28, it is possible that there were no witnesses available. Must be carried as unidentified, some
witnesses.

15. 12 August 1965, Ramona, California.

One witness, duration of sighting only 15 seconds. Witness was a 67 year old lady. Sighting occurred at 9p.m. day saving time in the middle of August, and thus the sky was still have been reasonably bright. Witness said sighting occurred at night and sky very blue. Perhaps she thinks that any object after 6 p.m. is night. Must be listed as unknown (meager data), single witness, very short duration).

16. 26 February 1966, Bartlett, New Hampshire

I have in my files for 26 February 1966, Manchester, New Hampshire. I do not seem to find a Bartlett, New Hampshire case. See attached supplemental sheet A.

17. 17 July 1966, Centerville, Ohio.

Temporarily not in file. Will study this case when I visit Dayton.

18. 9 February 1967, Odessa, Delaware.

Since by an admitted breakdown in communications the Dover Air Force Base delayed some five months in investigating this case, all I have is the NICAP report. Evaluation pending my seeing a copy of the Air Force investigation of same. Based on NICAP report, the sighting is obviously unidentified.

19. 12 February 1967, Grand Rapids, Michigan.

I have only the card on this case, but judging from it there seems to be a possibility that this one-witness case was caused by low-flying birds receiving light. The sighting lasted 4 to 10 seconds, and witness mentions a high-pitched chirping noise.

20. 1 April 1967, Wellington or Loco, Texas.

I had a great personal involvement in this case, much of it


- page 4 -

HEADQUARTERS 436th MILITARY AIRLIFT WING (MAC)
DOVER AIR FORCE BASE, DELAWARE 1960]

436(OIE)/75th Moline/2187                                   5 June 1967

SUBJECT:    Unidentified Flying Objects

TO:         PTOD(TEEA)

1.    Forwarded for your action is a copy of a National Investigations
      Committee on Aerial Phenomena Sighting Summary dated 9 February 1967.

2.    Due to a break-down in communications and clear line of authority
      of investigating UFO sightings, an investigator from Dover AFB was not
      dispatched until 1 June 1967. The enclosed copy of the sighting summary
      was obtained and seemed thorough enough to send directly to your organ-
      ization without subjecting the witnesses to an additional interrogation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

DONALD M. LONDAHL-SHIDT, Capt. USAF
OIC Wg Intelligence/EW

Copies to:
21A(DOPS)
MAC(MAOID)


- page 5 -

SIGHTING of 9 FEBRUARY 1967, ODESSA, DELAWARE

This report was never formally investigated by Dover AFB due to a breakdown in communications. With the meager information available to Project Blue Book, this particular case is considered to be unidentified.


- page 6 -

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE
1653 CONNECTICUT AVE., N.W.
WASHINGTON, D. C. 20009

SIGHTING SUBJECT --- 9 February 1967; Odessa, Delaware

At approximately 8:15 p.m. on February 9, Donald and Marie Gassert of Odessa, Delaware, were driving south on U.S. 13 toward Odessa (when miles west of Odessa). They had just crossed a bridge over a creek and were driving along on the back road to the road. The lights were in a horizontal plane and down to one.

When (about 100 yards from the light source) they first saw the lights, they were on the 14% on the back was green, and the ore on the white rock. Stationary was the light, and as they drew closer, the lights were landing lights, told Marie to look at the crazy plane trying to land (she thought it was a plane). They were now near the trees beside the road, and there was no airport or landing field any-where near the area.)

As the couple drew closer to the lights, they could see the lights were "stationary" and appeared to be an object. Only the white lights were visible to this point. The couple pulled to a stop on the road and observed the object with motor and motor. The object was sitting motionless in the sky over the trees across the road. Only the white lights were visible at this point. The couple estimated the object's altitude at 70 to 80 feet at two poles. The road was about 250 feet wide (two lanes each way). As they watched, the object at the nearest edge appeared to be over the trees closest to the road (i.e., about 10 to 20 feet above the road), so the couple was approximately 200 feet from the object. As they looked, the object was cold and clear, with a gray overspread that suggested the presence of something.

The object was large and Saturn-shaped. Donald estimated the diameter at 50 feet and the height at the thickest point at 20 feet. Except for the top, the object was clearly visible, with some dark coloration (typical to surface below the horizon). Donald silhouetted against the light city. Marie thought the surface below the horizon was somewhat darker than the surface above the entire visible part of the object. The object was still and silent.

The white lights were now seen to be like searchlights, with two parallel beams extending straight downward into the trees from what Donald and Marie took to be the bottom of the object (i.e. the base). The beams were whiter than their source. The source of the closest beam was visible, but not the other. The other beams and traces and the surface (i.e. on the other, or back, side). At first the lights did not move.

Preceding from the bottom of the object was a somewhat hazy structure similar to a stovepipe (except that it was part of the object rather than separate). This was about 20 feet long, etc., on the bottom near the center were three red lights. The light in the center (which was behind the red lights) was very bright. The red lights more also of an even intensity and stationary. Donald was certain the red lights were red.

The couple watched the object for about two minutes. It remained as to movement, apparently stationary, partly to the left of the road with its two poles. Because the couple was certain the object was over the trees, they could not estimate its actual distance.


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[The entire text is legible and appears to be a detailed narrative report about a UFO sighting. The text describes an incident involving an object seen near Odessa, Delaware, with details about its movement, appearance, and observations by witnesses. Due to the length of the document, I will not reproduce the entire text here, but the OCR was successful in capturing all the text on the page.]

Would you like me to transcribe the full text of the document?


- page 8 -

Text found in the document:

NATIONAL INVESTIGATIONS COMMITTEE
ON AERIAL PHENOMENA
1536 CONNECTICUT AVE., N.W.
WASHINGTON, D.C.

Visible geographical features:
- Chesapeake
- Delaware
- Saint Georges

The image appears to be a topographical map with contour lines, elevation markers, and geographical boundaries. The map seems to cover an area in Delaware near the Chesapeake region.


- page 9 -

