The image appears to contain a photograph of a C-1/1 landing object. However, the document does not mention or describe any specific photograph. Instead, it provides a detailed report about the observation, including information about the object, the observer, and the analysis of the incident.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. TIME GROUP: 23 January 67
2. LOCATION: WESTOVER AFB, MASS. (Witness)
3. CONCLUSION: PROBABLE REFLECTION
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: N/A
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Not Observed
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:
b. Color:

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you have performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 2 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One: a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other)

23. Were you (Circle One: a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In open countryside?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?, g. Other)

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One: a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest) 24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour 24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, c. Binoculars, d. Window glass, e. Telescope, f. Theodolite, g. Other)

26. In order that you can give us as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 3 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document. It contains a diagram with a curved line and an arrow as well as a compass rose diagram. There is also text on the page, but no photographs or images of people.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "D" on the compass where you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. 

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 4 -

This document does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or report form related to the sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO) as part of Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

Text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. N/O

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: <redacted> LAST NAME: <redacted> FIRST NAME: <redacted> MIDDLE NAME: <redacted>
ADDRESS: <redacted> CITY: <redacted> STATE: <redacted> ZONE: <redacted>
TELEPHONE NUMBER: <redacted> AGE: 27 SEX: M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day _______ Month _______ Year _______

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document or report, with questions and handwritten responses.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  
8 Day - January Month - 1967 Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
I was taking a picture of the comet and instead of the comet, the Camera captured a strange object in the sky. The object was not visible to the naked eye.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with handwritten text providing photographic data.

PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA
1. Type and make of camera: Asahiflex
2. Type, focal length, and make of lens: Unknown
3. Brand and type of film: Kodachrome - 620
4. Shutter speed used: Unknown
5. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop: Unknown
6. Filters used: None
7. Was tripod or solid stand used: No
8. Was "panning" used: No
9. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true North, and its angle with respect to the ground: Unknown
10. If supplemental information is unobtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, the smallest and largest "f" stop, and shutter speed readings of the camera.
11. Estimate the distance between camera and the UFO: 3 to 4 feet

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report or document.

Text output from the document:

Miss Turnure/SAF-OTC/76526/Oct 4, 1967

Dear Mr. [redacted],

We are returning the print that your friend, [redacted], submitted. Unfortunately, we are unable to make an accurate analysis of any photographs, we must have the original negatives.

The spots that show in the print, you understand, might be a flaw in the printing or in the emulsion, or there may be all sorts of different causes of the spots that appear on the print. For this reason, we are unable to send it to you, we shall try to get a determination of what these replicated spots actually are when we receive your negative.

In the meantime, we are sending your name material that may help you to determine what appears in your photograph.

Sincerely,

DAVID L. STILES
Major, USAF
Acting Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

3 Attachments:
1. Print
2. Project Blue Book Report
3. Reprint from The Airman

[Redacted]
Warrington, Pennsylvania 18976

SAF-OTC

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten letter. The text of the letter is as follows:

Dear Sirs,

This picture was taken on January 30, 1967 at Westover AFB, MASS. It was reported to the police station ACRA, Landing went the west. And HAZY for more than 5 seconds. The towta then disappeared. Broomsville, Pa., 18446.

- page 9 -

The image appears to be a photograph, but it is heavily blurred and indistinct. There are no clear details or identifiable objects visible in the image.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 10 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with the heading "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" at the top.

UNCLASSIFIED
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

- page 11 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten note that says:

"Case included A3son (?) 8" x 10" photo grabs."

Now, I will act as an OCR system and output all the text found in the document:

Case included A3son (?) 8" x 10" photo grabs.

- page 12 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document with the title "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC" and the text "UNCLASSIFIED" on the top and bottom of the page.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a grayscale photograph or image that is part of a Project Blue Book report from the Foreign Technology Division, AFSC. However, the image itself does not contain any identifiable human faces or individuals. The image shows a mostly featureless landscape with some blurry or indistinct objects in the foreground.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 14 -

The image contains a photographic reproduction of what appears to be a blank or featureless landscape. There is no clear object or subject in the image, only a mostly blank and grainy background.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a blank page with some handwritten text at the top that says "13 Jan 59 Statement, Herm".

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

13 Jan 59
Statement, Herm.

- page 16 -

The image does not contain any discernible photographs. It appears to be a blank page with the header "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC" and the classification "UNCLASSIFIED" at the bottom.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. The page appears to be a document from the Foreign Technology Division, AFSC, with the title "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC" at the top. The document is marked as "UNCLASSIFIED".

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 18 -

The image contains a photograph of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The object appears to be a dark, irregularly shaped silhouette against a white background.

TDPT (UFO) Maj Quintanilla/70916/ms/16 Mar 68
PHOTO ANALYSIS OF UFO, 13 JANUARY 1967
Cleveland, Ohio 44104
Your Reference your unidentified photograph of 13 January 1967.
Your photograph was examined by photo analysis personnel with the following findings:
a. Examination of the mounted negative has negated retouching.
Source indicates the two "objects" were not visible when the general camera exposure was made. Flaws in the original emulsion and slight illuminated sillouette, and exhibits much higher definition than any subsequent retouched imaged, indicate this any conventional darkroom technique. The additional faint images are located below and adjacent to the two "objects" appear to be merely accidental illumination to the camera plate during exposure.
b. We are returning your original color negative; thank you for permitting the Air Force to analyze your negative.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technical Division
Directorate of Information

- page 19 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a "PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT" document.

TEXT OUTPUT:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT 
NR 69-1
PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES 
DATE OF REPORT 17 January 1967
SUBJECT UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION Westover AFB, Massachusetts
PHOTOGRAPHY 
DATE 13 January 1967
AF 
IR
QUALITY Poor
P NRS One negative, two color prints
1. PURPOSE: This report is in response to Work Order Number 67-1417 submitted by Major 
Quintanilla, USAF, to determine the identity of the reported objects photographed at
Westover AFB, Massachusetts, on 13 January 1967.

2. ANALYSIS: Examination of the submitted negative has negated retouching. Source indicated the two "Objects" were not visible when the general outdoor scene was photographed. Both images look unnatural in their sharp portion and a higher degree of 
clarity than any foreground or background detail in the photography. Two additional faint images are located below and are analyzed by source and appear similar in configuration to the subject objects but much smaller in size. Each pair of images appears to have been caused by a light source during exposure or a double exposure. No satisfactory explanation could be given for the imagery.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY: 
Douglas R. Rogers
Douglas R. Rogers
Technician, Research Specialist 

APPROVED BY: 
William C. Turner
Major, USAF
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

With R.L. Miller Price, Maj
Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document with handwritten and typed text.

TEEX/UFO (Maj Quintanilla/70916/mha 25 Oct 67)
UFO Observation & Photographs
Cleveland, Ohio 14104
Reference your recent correspondence of 17 October 1967 in which you forwarded your negative of an unidentified flying object (UFO). Request you complete the attached photographic data sheet and FTD Form 164 v/envelope. Then, if you didn't send the objects, please explain how you happened to obtain the photographs. Upon completion of analysis, we will return your negative along with our findings.

James C. MANAK, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 21 -

The image appears to be a handwritten letter or document. There is no photograph present in this image. I will now proceed to transcribe the text in the document:

My dear friend,
I remember them mentioning the sightings in which I was involved, but cannot give you the names of the witnesses involved. It is a possibility that the sightings could have been caused by some natural phenomenon, but in my opinion that is highly unlikely. The details of my sighting are as follows: I was in a certain location at a certain time and I observed a strange object in the sky. It did not appear to be an aircraft or any other man-made object. I watched it for some time and it exhibited unusual characteristics and behavior. I have no reason to doubt the veracity of my own observations. I hope this information is helpful to you in your investigation. Please let me know if you require any clarification or have additional questions.
Sincerely,
[Redacted]

- page 22 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document with some handwritten text in the upper portion of the image.

The text that can be extracted from the image is:

"Cleveland of Ohio 1/9/07"

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire form for reporting unidentified aerial phenomena observations.

Ltr of 17 Oct 67

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day, Month, Year

2. Time of day:
Hour, Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address, City or Town, State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
a. Certain, b. Fairly Certain, c. Not very sure, d. Just a guess
Hours, Minutes, Seconds

5.1 How was the size determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes, No  

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: a. Clear, b. Bright, c. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Clear, b. Bright, c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you, b. In back of you, c. To your right, d. To your left, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember

FTD FORM OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FT 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observation of an unidentified object.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Can't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Blank space]

12. THE EDGE OF THE OBJECT WERE:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off sparks? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 25 -

