PROJECT BLUE RECORD

5 APR 67   40755 z

10. CONCLUSION
                    NOT INTEL DATA F   DOCUMENT

NUMBER OF OBJECTS: PCD Form 164 Forward to witness, returned as no ans.
                    days. Will re-eval. no if received.

LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
                    Discrepancy in date of observation. Date of report being
                    prepared is given as 5 March 67 while date of observation
                    is 6 April. Form 164 sent to clarify this and other
                    details. (See case)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Westminister, Colo.

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 10

4 June

Statement, included at Blue Book, to the effect that the "object was not moving except when the witness would travel in the car", is absolutely incorrect, if the witness is to be believed at all. Witness stated that the object suddenly sped up and rushed away and "when it was approaching me it had only vibrant red light that was visible".

With respect to the light, witness stated, "there is nothing I know of, or that I've ever seen with red lights that were as brilliant".

Finally, witness became frightened because object appeared so close directly over her car, and yet said there was no sound at all. Unless one is willing to call this an absolute hallucination, and that there was no physical outfit present whatever, the conclusion "aircraft" simply won't hold up.

This case is sufficiently interesting for me to interview the witnesses, as there were two rather than one as stated. They were independent and talked about it only after each had seen it separately.

I will make this personal investigation and report later.

23. 3 April 1967, Roseville, Michigan.

I would agree with the evaluation of possible birds, but I suppose to be fair we should also add, possible unidentified data insufficient, no follow). The card indicates one object, and the report, however, clearly indicates that 10 to 12 lights were observed flying in V formation. This actually strengthens the "possible bird" evaluation.

24. 4 April 1967, Wheeling, W. Virginia.

This is not in my files.

25. 5 April 1967, Westminster, Colorado

Since the 164 was not returned the evaluation "insufficient data", I suppose, is entirely correct, but the case itself is interesting. In that there were 15 witnesses. Here is one case the Condon Committee should have looked into, since it was right at their back door. They should have looked into it particularly, since there were 15 witnesses. Also the object was visible for 15 minutes, and it was observed through a telescope. Even at this late date this might be worth a call. As a matter of fact, when I am in Boulder this July I will look into it myself, but for the statistics, the evaluation "insufficient data" certainly holds.


- page 2 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFRO)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO                                                   14 Apr 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 6 Apr 67

TO: [Redacted]
Westminster, Colorado 80030

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems                1 Atch
                                                     FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

... b. Description of course of Object(s):

(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s)?
Glow, in relation to the stars.

(2) Angle or elevation and azimuth of the object(s) when first observed.
20,000

(3) Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance.
Straight and level (20,000).

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s).
While hovering, almost side pointed earthward at about 30° angle.

(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the north, etc.)
Gradually faded in NE direction.

(6) How long was the object(s) visible. (Be specific, 5 minutes, 1 hour, etc)
15 minutes.

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, ground - electronic, air electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar.)
Ground-visual.

(2) Statement as to optical aids (telescopes, binoculars, and so forth) used and description thereof.
Telescope, 15 & 60 mm eye piece. Alt. 17 magnitudes.

(3) If the sighting is made while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.
[blank]

d. Time and date of sighting:
(1) Zulu time-date-group of sighting.
05/2152 April 1967

2


- page 4 -

LOWRY TECHNICAL AIR TRAINING CENTER (ATCJ
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
LOWRY AIR FORCE BASE, 80230, Colorado

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: XPGP                                                Date 3 mar 67

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO)

TO:

When unidentified flying objects (UFO) are reported, the following information
will be filled in and then forwarded immediately to Plans/Program attention
XPGP.

a. Description of the Object(s):

(1) Shape.   Oval - like a gigantic street light.

(2) Size compared to a known object (use one of the following terms:
Head of a pin, pea, dime, nickel, quarter, half dollar, silver dollar, baseball,
grapefruit, or basketball) held in hand at about arm's length.
    Baseball.

(3) Color.   White alternating - reddish greenish sparkling extension.

(4) Number.   One.

(5) Formation, if more than one.   None.

(6) Any discernible features or details.   Real large "piece of light"

(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size
of object(s).   Seemed to last 15 to 20 side.

(8) Sound, if heard, describe sound.   None.

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features   is above Boulder, traveled 30°
about 10 minutes.


- page 5 -

h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, which might account for the sighting.

i. Interception of identification action taken (such action may be taken when feasible, complying with existing Air Defense directives).

j. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic in the area at time of sighting. Unknown.

k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

Capt. Aircraft.

l. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs.

Extremely 3 adults and 1 high school side watching at the same time.

[Signature appears to be Edward G. Nyer, Major USAF]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

(2) Light conditions. (use of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk)

e. Location of Observer(s). Exact latitude and longitude of each observer, and/or geographical position. A position with reference to a known landmark also should be given in electrical reports, such as "2mi N of Deeville;" "3mi SW of Blue Lake". Typographical errors or "garbling" often results in electrically transmitted messages, making location plots difficult or impossible.

EXAMPLE: 89 45N, 192 71W for 39 45N, 102 21W.

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian - Name, age, mailing address, occupation, and estimate of reliability.

(2) Military - Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability.

g. Weather and winds -- Aloft conditions at time and place of sightings:

(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions. Clear, stars readily visible.

(2) Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface, 6,000', 10,000', 16,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000' and 80,000' if available.

(3) Ceiling. Clear.

(4) Visibility. 25.

(5) Amount of cloud cover. Some.

(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located. None. None 45°.

3


- page 7 -

