PROJECT 10673 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
3 Jul 67     04/0315Z

2. LOCATION
Wyomissing, Pa.                2

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
8 minutes, 22 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
N-NE

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Satellite, (ECHO I)     Prob. ✓

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was like a bright light or star. White, flashing and flickering. Object appeared as a diamond flickering in the sky.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[Partially illegible text above this line]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Blacked out with redaction]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Blacked out with redaction]
ADDRESS AVE, Wyomissing, - Penna.
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Blacked out with redaction]
AGE 13 SEX FEMALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
17 July 1967
Day   Month   Year

US Air Force


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    Day    Month    Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The page is Page 7 and appears to be a blank form with two questions, with no additional text filled in.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Satellite (Echo I)
and Eleve F was passing to the north

TEEN/UFO (Maj Quintanilla/70916/mhs/12 Aug 67)

UFO Observation, July 3, 1967

Wyomissing, Pennsylvania 19610

Reference your recent correspondence on your unidentified observation of July 3, 1967. There is some question as to the exact direction from which the unidentified flying object (UFO) came. We would appreciate a statement describing the total flight path of the UFO. What direction did the UFO come from and in what direction did the UFO depart? With this information, our analysts can complete their investigation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Envelope


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Registration of the Muhlenberg Airport
which is in the NE section Described at
as balls of FIRE, star changing from
red to yellow to blue and many
other things. But all in the eastern sky.

That about all I can tell you.

Thank you for the interest you
have shown. If I'd see anything else
I will write you.

Sincerely,

[The signature is redacted/blacked out]


- page 5 -

Howard Bond
"The Nation's Business Paper"

Dear Sirs,

I am out on the balcony where I saw the UFO. According to the weather vane on our neighbors garage, I am facing North (I'm at the same spot that I saw the UFO.) As we starry sky we noticed directly over head (a bit to the ear) the moving UFO. It kept going west or until it got out of sight. May I also tell you that several hundred people saw this same UFO the same night all over Berks County.

Mudge has it!

SEND
164


- page 6 -

Gentlemen:

I would like to report 3 UFO sights.

The first one was on July 1965, 7 by mother sister. I saw it because she was driving to Jessie like this much had a dragged bacon race top.

Bright white

I saw it for about 5 or 10 seconds. The second I didn't tell my mother. My mother was pulling away lately. In the closet (the window is right next to it) now was very big and close and I was watching TV downstairs. All I heard was a loud WHOOSH & then my mother called me and told me about it. No one else in my family saw or heard it because they were asleep. It was about 10:30, August, it circled like this with large re-

Now the other one was on July 3, 1967 at 11:15. We heard on the radio, that pm


- page 7 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Where it was south. We saw 3 stars, 2 stars
right * one might under the other. Now
*
the south one started to move north. and
we watched it until it went out of sight. we
look about 5 minutes. Now, I am hell eye
every bit of this is true. EVERY BIT!
Believe it or not but. Yes rather believe
it. If you ever do answer this letter
PLEASE don't say it was an plane or close
formation and PLEASE DON'T say it was
swamp gas! ALL this stuff was true as
you are trying to cover all this
NOW please tell the truth. Its
swamp gas! and you know it. Tell
us what all this was. Many people
all see crazy. Personally, I think
it's entirely, entirely possible you know!

Thank you for reading this lot
answer this letter. I hope you w

Sincerely,


- page 8 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFBC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:

TDST/UFO

SUBJECT:

UFO Observation

TO:

Wyomissing, Pa.

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which
we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation.
Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in
the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation
to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 9 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
2nd July 1967
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: [blank]
Hour         Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? At home
                                           4th Ave.    Wyomissing    Berks    Penn
                                           Street      City or Town  State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0     8     22
Hours  Minutes  Seconds

(Circle One): a. Certain
             b. Fairly certain
             c. Not very sure
             d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By Clock, Radio

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ✓ No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright ✓ very
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 10 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
bright star

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound no sound, it was very far away
b. Color white, reddish, grayish

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? about size of it.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Slower than plane

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Handwritten text appears to be partially illegible]


- page 13 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? _____________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 14 -

