PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
6 April 67  19/0130Z

2. LOCATION
Westbury, New York  (2 witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1 - 5

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 minute, 10 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
SW - W

8. PHOTOS
None

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

10. CONCLUSION
Possible: (HOT AIR BALLOON)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was about as bright as the planet Venus, or possibly brighter. Was stationary, then started to stop and drop out 5 or 6 (similar red objects). Object traveled in a straight line. When main object did not fly out of sight, it just disappeared. Observer was sure his Army actions after the object disappeared.

FTD SEP 65 0-669 (TDE)  Previous edition of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Yes, During the summer (not sure) of 1966 at home in Westbury, Missouri, it was standing just outside cottage.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Names and addresses are blacked out]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Name is blacked out]
ADDRESS [Address partially visible as Westbury, NY 11530]
TELEPHONE NUM [blacked out]   AGE 16   SEX M-M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[Additional text partially legible, but difficult to fully transcribe due to image quality]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Day, Month, Year fields are blank]
[Additional handwritten text at bottom partially legible]

Page 6 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 2 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Blank spaces for Day, Month, Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[Handwritten text, partially illegible due to image quality. Some readable parts include:]

"My first wife & I were walking some time ago to reach my house. We expect something was not because of the low altitude lights. We were close to see it since we clearly together. I try to explain it appears to be a large or of the side of it. They were close to see in one of the points. We were quite sure..."

[The text continues but becomes increasingly difficult to read]

"The reason why I reported this was not because of its appearance but because of its 'static' while motion."

[End of handwritten text]


- page 3 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFTC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TCDT/UFO                                                   26 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 8 Apr 67

TO: [Redacted]
Westbury, New York 11590

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

FRED C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems                1 Atch
                                                     FTD Form 164 w/envelope

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page: "Pos not as - unclear??" and some other partially illegible writing]


- page 4 -

April 15, 1967

Dear Sir,

I would like to report a sighting of a U.F.O. on the night of Saturday, April 8, 1967. The witnesses were Marie Pulsifer of 534 Cedar Drive, Westbury and I. In addition that Saturday morning, I found out from Clarence Welch this further information.

John Rivers was told me he saw it again that Sunday morning.

The first sighting was made about 8:30 P.M. that Saturday night. I first noticed it became its usual color a dull silver, and I could easily now tell stars. It was rather (and which about the same magnitude as Venus). It moved slowly in an erratic manner. From the initial sighting to where it stopped the motion was about 10 degrees. The distance from the initial sighting to where it stopped seemed to me to be about 6-3 degrees. It took about one and a quarter miles to traverse. Then it stopped and hovered, my friend and stationary for about 10 seconds. My friend and I both saw it again briefly over it.

It was a flying object, and I mean something unusual happened.

To our excitement, and I mean my friend and I, we were going what when we saw it. These with happened, after the UFO had stopped stationary for about 10 seconds. Four little red objects dropped out of the large red object in sequence. This


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Happened within a span of 5 seconds. The smallest width (depth) which seemed to be about 1/5 the size of the length and a (illegible) a slightly higher magnitude, fell about the width diameter of the length distance of 3 times the diameter, soon after the object and then disappeared. "mother ship"(?) just disappeared. Will call the "mother ship" now but just abruptly to dislike back away from just that disappeared. Let me emphasize that the "mother ship" larger object or let's turn it, was always about the same size of a item. The height of the object seems to be about 70°. About the horizon. To this date we do not know where this log was. I am 16 years old and my friend, 17. If you have any idea what this was a real more information please notify me.

Sincerely,
[Redacted]
Westbury
11590


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
8th   April   1967

2. Time of day:   8    30
                Hour   Minutes
(Circle One):   A.M.   or   P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One):   a. Eastern   a. Daylight Saving
               b. Central   b. Standard
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted]   Westbury   N.Y.
             City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight?   0    31   00.20
                                  Hours  Minutes  Seconds

   a. Certain
   b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
                       d. Just a guess
5.1 How was the sight determined?   Timed as part of the event before and during sighting.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):   a. In front of you   d. To your left
                b. In back of you    e. Overhead
                c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                    8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                     a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                    b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                     c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                            d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):                        WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                                a. Dry
    b. Hazy                                     b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds                          c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds                     d. Snow
                                                 e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                                    d. As a light
    b. Transparent                               e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                                 c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                                   d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
    About the magnitude of Venus, possibly slightly brighter.

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred               c. Other
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined
                 d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                     (Circle One for each question)
                                        Yes     No     Don't know
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?        ✓
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?   ✓
    c. Break up into parts or explode?            ✓
    d. Give off smoke?                            ✓
    e. Change brightness?                         ✓
    f. Change shape?                              ✓
    g. Flash or flicker? (If so, how often?)      ✓
    h. Disappear and reappear?                    ✓


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it stopped and disappeared out 3 or 4 (after possibly between 5-10 sec) smaller, sort of faded away. Having done that, it completely and quietly faded away.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):     Yes     No     Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):     Yes     No     Don't Know.     IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:     No

b. Color:     White, off-white, not clear, I believe, seemed to change, orange-red.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?     All of it. The match would have covered 6 or 7 feet.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included with some annotations like "Red object", "still out and disappeared", and arrows indicating movement]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at this time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North            c. East             e. South            g. West
b. Northeast        d. Southeast        f. Southwest        h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes    No        c. Binoculars       Yes    No
b. Sun glasses      Yes    No        f. Telescope        Yes    No
c. Windshield       Yes    No        g. Theodolite       Yes    No
d. Window glass     Yes    No        h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

An airplane with a steady complaining light, as seen from about a distance of 20 miles.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 4 more
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document contains diagrams and instructions for recording details about a UFO sighting, including height, direction, and number of objects.


- page 11 -

